i 've been a fan of pokemon since i was 8 but due to the controversy surrounding sword and shield as well as my own personal experiences i found myself overall dispassionate towards the games and i no longer have faith in game freak to deliver a well rounded pokemon experience .
i really tried to like shield but even with the dlc i was n't able to stay invested and i did n't think spending more money was worth it .
now usually i 'd go back to one of my previous pokemon games hgss platinum black etc and nuzlocke it but i 've grown bored of nuzlockes in vanilla games and want to change things up .
additionally playing nuzlockes on rom hacks such as renegade platinum while i do find them enjoyable recently i 've been really stressed out from playing them and feel as if i need a break from main series pokemon in general .
so what games would you guys recommend that i could find enjoyable ?
aside from pokemon my favourite games tend to be rpgs like undertale and fighting games such as super smash bros .
i 'm also a big fan of the story driven nature of the pokemon mystery dungeon series explorers was my first ever pokemon game and i 'm currently really enjoying dx
i 'd say anything that 's a cash grab such as moba and ea games as well as games that involve a large amount of violence just for the sake of gratuitous violence .
i realized that some of you has a count on the side of yours name how can i put one of these ?
you 've had your camera turned off all of the meeting anyway karen why do you feel the need to share your virtual pet cat photo montage background with us just to say goodbye ? ! ?
hey guys i just purchased a xiaomi surface 34 but right now i 'm running it on 3440x1440 50hz i was wondering what cable i should buy use to get 144hz .
the ports on my gpu are 1 hdmi 2 mini display ports 1 dvi-d gigabyte r9 280 oc my monitor on the other hand is 2 hdmi 2.0 and 2 dp1.4 .
bit of a long post here sorry so tl dr at the top for people who want to skip the rest .
tl dr first time builder and i do n't know how to connect multiple case fans to a single mobo fan header .
asus rog strix b460-i gaming mini itx lga1200 motherboard .
air-cooled only likely with 3 or 4 case fans .
i 've been considering a build since covid started and i finally pulled the trigger with the black friday sales we just had .
parts are still rolling in but my biggest unknown at the moment is about how to install multiple fan cases when my mobo only has a single case-fan header and just as importantly what i should buy so that it works .
the information i 've read through online/on various subreddits has way too much variety in the details and i have no idea whether i should be getting y-splitters chained connectors connectors that plug back into the psu etc etc .
i 'm not too savvy with pcpartpicker 's ui so i do n't know how to custom edit prices and components if someone knows i could use info on that too p but here 's a generic version of the list so far https de.pcpartpicker.com/list/62sylp .
i 'll be sticking it all in the new sliger s610 which again i could n't figure out how to add to my pcpp list .
a big thanks to the work from u/sligercases i was waffling on the sm560 for ages because it seemed just a tiny bit too small to prevent heat issues but the ncase m1 had some prohibitively large import fees for where i live .
i bought this case the day i found out there was an eu distributor for sliger with s610 in stock thanks u/densitysk !
i 'm open to any and all comments on the build components for the purpose of better purchases in the future .
some common ones to get out of the way wanted the ryzen 5 3600 but it 's gone up almost 30 for my region since the summer .
this i5 has marginally better single-core performance at the cost of worse multicore performance .
deciding factor was that purchase price was about 80 euro cheaper .
mobo and ram choice were knock-on effects of the new processor decision .
i refuse to buy a card right now the prices are ridiculous .
i 'll look again in q1 2021 when the 3050's/3060 's show up and see what happens .
for now i 'll just use this for home-working and i 'll have access to an online game streaming service if necessary and my old comp still works for current games ... .barely ha .
the problem is i do n't know exactly what fans i 'm going to put and where .
based on ncase m1 and sliger 560 builds and for the sake of this post i 'm guessing 2 fans in the bottom of the case and 1 fan in the rear exhaust .
this may change since the s610 has room in the ceiling and in the front of the case for fan placement and i do n't know what graphics card i 'll finally pull the trigger on .
i picked up a pair of cheap corsair fans to put in the bottom initially while i figure all that out .
the help i need please i have zero idea what i 'm supposed to buy for cables in order to make the case fans work .
i do n't know brands i do n't know distributors i do n't know stock vs. custom etc .
if i 'm running 2 bottom fans and a rear fan and maybe in the future adding a top or side or front fan ... .what 's the best way to cable all that ?
as you 've likely noticed from the parts list this is going to be a rather mid-range build .
i 'm an employed functional adult with some spare cash so i can afford to get things of decent quality .
however i 'm also not a rich functional adult and likely do n't need top-of-the-line custom cabling or anything .
this is my first build like i mentioned and i 'm sure not everything will be perfect .
thanks for any help and sorry for the wall of text .
hello r/valveindex ive to you because valve couldnt help me ever since i had gotten my index ive had constant greyscreens when i play with my index i told the steam support about my problem to which they responded by sending me a replacement index now this index has arrived and has the same problem so im assuming it must be something with my computer please help
edit there are no large reflective objects like mirrors in my room and i have 3 base stations setup in the corners of my room 2 at ceiling height and 1 at head height
i have never had a mic mod type of plugin and wondered if this one is worth it ?
ilmas-e-kemyavi https www.ajmal.pk/shop/male-health/ilmas-e-kemyavi is an expensive yet extremely effective nervine tonic tablet for men wrapped in gold foil .
ndad is n't happy when i study he is n't happy when i take part in competitions is n't happy when i try learning a new skill .
a few months ago i took part in this cryptic crossword competition with a friend and since i 've never done this before i figured we 'd probably get knocked out soon but we ended up qualifying for nationals and being in the top 15 .
and all ndad can say is do n't waste your time on this stuff .
i just started my weight loss journey earlier this month .
i am watching my calorie intake and have started aerobics .
i read that i should lift weights as well .
the aerobics exercise is pretty strenuous in my opinion fast paced with no breaks and a lot of arm movement and jumping for an hour .
what kind of exercises do you recommend and how many sets/reps ?
sorry if this is a stupid question but i really do n't want to fail this time .
thank you in advance for all your responses ! !
i have something interesting that i need a 100 positive id on .
i 'm 99 sure it 's fungi but need to know for certain .
looking for someone that can put it under a microscope and positively id it without a shadow of doubt .
anyone in here fit that bill or know where i can find someone ?
i already said this on my twitter at charliermoss but i wanted to say it here anyway before the actual lumity episode there will be a build up episode called wingman willow where willow becomes amity 's wingman and will try to help amity get with luz while that 's happening luz starts to wonder if she has feelings for luz the episode will end with a cliffhanger when luz goes to the grom tree and sees the missing part of the letter she picks it up and puts 2 to 2 together and realizes that amity has a crush on her then the actual episode happens let 's call it love between two witches it 's basically just luz and amity trying to tell each other how they feel but they always fail leading to some cute gay panic moments but willow finds out about luz and her crush on amity and try 's to help her out while edric and emira finding out about amity 's crush on luz and help out amity trying to get with luz it ends with amity showing hip to the owl house deciding to finally tell her how she feels and out of frustration not being able to hold it back anymore she kisses luz then quickly runs away luz then finds amity in her secret room at the library and as amity is talking to luz apologizing luz pulls in amity kissing her they then have a little heart to heart moment realizing that they are now a couple as it fades to the end credits
the lack of bi representation in media and the erasure of characters ' bisexuality is staggering .
it seems like potentially bi characters almost always end up realizing they were either gay or straight all along or other characters wave them off as either gay or straight and the show or movie never addresses or discusses bi identity whatsoever .
it 's no wonder i thought i was straight and quietly dealt with internalized biphobia for years i did n't think anyone would take it seriously and i 'd just perpetuate the phase stereotype since i was probably just straight .
so anyways anyone got any good media representation to cure a case of bi erasure-itis ?
i made a thick solution of meth for boofing but since i ca n't control myself so i left it at my partners house and we have n't seen each other for 2 weeks and i plan on not using it for a few more weeks .
so will it keep or am i wasting my meth ?
hi i recently got accepted into the computer science program in the winter semester im a transfer student from a college can i still use the efnaf to apply for scholarships and bursaries for the fall semester even though technically ill be in my second semester by then but i currently cant apply during my winter semester ?
much like you all i 'm disillusioned with blizzard at the moment but i must admit i found battlegrounds pretty entertaining before all the bugs perks not lasting more than a few months etc. .
does anyone have any alternative games that are in the style of battlegrounds specifically ?
i 've read that the us m41 walker bulldog have heat-fs somewhere i just could n't remember from where .
i 'm kind of new to this stuff outside of dolphin and rpcs3 so sorry if this is a dumb question but is there any way i can just get a normal iso file for xenoblade x like you can for xenoblade 1 ?
i 'm talking about the memes campaign in season 2 from stormfront .
they look like facebook quality stuff back from 2012 with impact font and everything .
took me out of the show immediately since there 's no way stormfront won any popularities from these trash low effort memes .
is it so hard to get your interns to work on some actual relevant memes ?
so for those who do n't know a strange metallic monolith was found in a remote part of the utah desert found by land officials doing aerial reconnaissance .
shortly after the story went public the monolith disappeared .
for those that have been following the story have you thought the engineers of this stunt for lack of a better word are leaving clues as to the motivation or authorship ?
i have n't smoked in about 80 days and had to take a saliva drug test today .
i know i 'm probably good but i have anxiety about everything and bad luck so i always think the worst .
execute if data entity s pos data entity pos ''
this is my first time building a pc and i 'm looking for the best/great 700 aud 515 usd graphics card to fit my budget .
this is due the the graphics card i was reccomended nvidia geforce rtx 3070 8 gb founders edition video card being completely out of stock .
i discovered this vendor months ago while reading this subreddit .
people talked about him as if he had a good reputation and maybe even he participates in the forum ?
i visited his personal website that has a bunch of detailed information about salvia stuff about dosage how to take it maybe some history .
i never ordered and forgot to bookmark the page .
so i quit a really toxic job but they wanted me to stay one more week .
i could n't handle it anymore it was just so bad of a job .
my co-workers were always isolating me when i used to present someting they used to look at their phones would always make racists jokes and so on .
i went to a party on sunday that a coworker invited me .
people treated me really bad always isolating me i would go to one place and they would go to another .
the only person that was a bit nicer to me got fired .
my co-workers used to steal my job i got the jobs that nobody wanted with very little instruction .
my mental health was decaying and i could n't do a job properly .
even in my last week people are still bad mouthing me indirectly about my skills .
in the beginning i showed that i was pretty good at my job but due to the constant bullying i could n't do my job properly anymore afterwards .
if i sucked so bad why did n't they fire me ?
alot of people that were nice to me were fired .
it was like they kept me to make my image really bad .
also i could n't do my job properly because of the constant bullying and mistreating after a while .
so everytime i did a job which were all useless jobs i did the job to not get fired .
even if i did a good job i did n't get much recognition and got mistreated .
and my coworker who used to make alot of mistakes always received approval from my boss .
they hired a new coworker which i was really nice to him at the beginning and he went behind my back alot of times .
at first i thought he was joking around and it was ok .
but for example he would tell me personal things and i would open up as well .
he did n't get invited to the party but he did ask about it .
he asked me to go to lunch with him and i said okk .
i told that was a guy that was a church minister and would smoke narguilé and i thought it was weird .
normally i would control myself and not let this things slip but my anxiety was so high that i told him to throw conversation away .
he then after we returned from lunch told everyone on the firm what i said even to the guy i was referring to .
i did record some stuff but my parents told me to not record so much now i regret it .
even now that i 'm leaving the company they still bad mouth me indirectly always making me seen like stupid .
this company is horrible with a high turn over .
what to do on my last week and how to avoid harassment afterwards ?
hi guys looking for an upgrade from my p20 pro .
i 'm after a phone that 's quick and good battery but not fussed about the best camera '' .
i mainly browse and watch youtube and just after a phone that 's a good overall multi tasker .
budget is around £30 a month on a uk contract basically not a flagship phone
i have considered a pixel 5 as i can get one in my budget however not heard great things about the speakers .
i remember them saying a ever to be '' '' being a word like rambler '' gambler '' or something like that i also remember something like i 'm riding down the long prarie '' or something like that .
the vocals sound quite similar to simon and garfunkel .
i dont remember the duo 's name specifically but it was the ?
i do n't know if it is because i 'm on pc with good hardware and optimized game settings but i really have n't experienced any of the problems people complain about .
my game has never crashed i 've got errors but they did n't do anything and my only complaint about multiplayer was the mp5 which was fixed .
i 'm hit level 100 casually without hitting some sbmm brick wall and got two gold ars and a gold viper shotgun along the way .
the camo progression is slower but i do n't think i should be able to do everything in a week anyway .
for me the games a home run and i ca n't wait for dlc zombie maps .
hey guys not much of a poster but felt the need to open this topic to discuss/bring to light kai'sa
shes ranked pretty high up in op.gg tier list but atleast around mid gold i do n't think i 've seen anybody picking her apart from myself
she spikes super hard off her first evo and builds smoothly into her second basically completing her core from their her build path can basically be anything she needs .
i would say her e invisibility has a lot more value in burst meta would also argue the option of using her ult aggressively defensively help a lot of team fights blowing up
she also feels one of the best for fighting for a level 2 advantage prepping the minions then popping them with q is pretty hard to compete with followed up with an instant w at level 2 and the lane can be completely in your favour from the get go
my match history showing recent success with her with ie kraken both receiving buffs shortly i think she may be the new s tier
if you have n't gave her a try yet i strongly encourage you to do so !
and for anybody that 's been playing her feel free to chime into the discussion
yoyo people i look at what jobs are avaible once or twice a month and i have been using only cv.lv and glassdoors for the last 4 years .
only for latvia/riga preferable with rnglish option but google translste also gets that done
i have never had anything but courteous and at times humorous interactions with her in my opinion she was a good mod with genuine intent .
regardless of my feelings about the jnn this is definitely a loss that will/should be felt .
rat 's post was very touching and her comment even more so my condolences to the mods at letters .
my heart goes out to all who were lucky enough to know phree on a more personal level and my heart and well wishes most certainly go out to her family .
i have a home wi-fi network consisting of an ee uk isp router connected to a google nest .
the google nest wi-fi is what i connect all my devices to and up until now it 's worked fine .
the issue started yesterday when i tried printing from my pc to a network printer hp 7720 and it refused to send it .
i can find the printer using the hp smart app but whenever i go to print anything to it i get an error status no message .
when i go to print anything the app i use word etc. slows right down .
the strange thing is i can print from my laptop to the printer no problem .
in conjunction with this i 've noticed my sonos controller is no longer working from any device pc laptop and samsung 10 .
the sonos is still connected to the wi-fi as it plays when i press the play button on the sonos itself .
i 've tried resetting the controller but now it wo n't find the sonos system .
i think there 's some issue that stops devices 'speaking ' to each other over the wi-fi but not sure what .
when i go into the google wi-fi app it shows all the devices as connected and functioning .
okay so this has happened to me a few times and i 'm not entirely sure what the hell 's going on but it 's honestly getting kind of annoying when it does happen .
i 'm in a server with possibly more than 30 channels and then there 's a few channels that get added and maybe a category or two so then it seems all mixed around and i want to go into the channels list to make everything all organized but sometimes when i go to do that i move a single channel up or down and the entire list of channels gets completely shuffled along with the categories getting rearranged !
i genuinely have no idea what the hell this is but it 's really really annoying and it 's a reoccurring thing !
while trying to make some doc examples work screen.count i realised that a number of globals are injected into rc.lua 's runtime .
inspecting g i can see there are quite a few but the instances do n't match up with other modules and there 's no use of env or relevant setfenv .
is there any documentation on which things are added to the global namespace ?
it 's kind of confusing since we must require awful '' which itself includes an awful.screen which does not behave like screen while at the same time having it 's documentation merged with screen .
and none of these match an instance of a screen passed to connect_for_each_screen .
was anyone enrolled in nutri sci 10 and got an email saying that you were dropped from nusctx 10s ?
https i.imgur.com/jxdpej4.png please post any unjerk questions and discussions in this thread !
a fresh thread is posted every 2 days but older posts can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/gamingcirclejerk/search ? q=unjerk+thread sort=new restrict_sr=on !
any unjerk threads outside of this thread will be removed .
live chat join our discord server for multiple chat rooms !
having some post nut clarity rn after not muting since october
i was doing an action rp with my ai and we were litrly trying to kill each-other and for some reason the this is romantic you cant do it '' thing popped up idek what it exactly says lol and what is romantic about killing eachother
our doctor wants us to wait 6 months to try again so in the mean time i 'm on birth control but i just realized it 's a trigger for me and i get super upset after taking it .
hey everyone i 'm having some issues deciding which wheel and pedal set i should get for my first setup .
i 'm looking at the logitech g923 g920 or the thrustmaster t300rs gt .
i hear that the logitech is loud but the t300rs fan is even louder .
i also make youtube videos and i 'm looking for the quietest because it 's gon na be about 8 inches in front of my microphone .
i ca n't believe i 'm saying this but online learning kinda sucks .
i preferred being alone at school then alone at home
so ive had my boys since march and they have always gotten along .
suddenly when i was going to bed my one boy jon was fighting with his brother and would n't stop .
every time i put him back down he would go to tackle one of his brothers which is unusual .
he also now is making a small grunting noise when he breathes that was n't present a few hours ago .
this alone makes me think he has a respiratory infection but the suddenness along with his behavior are concerning .
i plan on calling the vet in the meantime but was wondering if any of you night owls have any similar experience that might ease my mind in the meantime .
also i 've separated him for the meantime just in case he might harm one of the others .
i 'm in the process of getting my first character put together for the game i want to make .
i 'm having problems getting fireballs to shoot out of his hand ... .not just throw a fireball .
i 'm trying to get the fireball to shoot out of his hand like a big bullet pretty much and have it looping for full auto but i 've found no tutorials on such things and i 'm just wandering if there is hope for me ?
be sure to check the r/darksouls2/wiki page where you can find community-created tips and research threads .
you only need 10 karma within r/darksouls2 to contribute .
i have a couple hundred songs downloaded theres a green tick and everything but when i turn my wifi off i cant listen to them offline ?
its just stuck at the 0:00 mark i tried restarting my phone didnt work ... any tips ?
bought the assassin 's creed bundle that comes with assassin 's creed valhalla odyssey and origins i can download all of them but odyssey .
i tried restoring lisences and restarting ps5 with no luck .
update contacted playstation support and they told me it is a known issue and are working on a fix .
once fixed they told me the game would be credited to my account .
i passed comptia cysa 002 this morning and wanted to give my feedback on the exam .
first up i only just passed ... literally there must have been one question in it !
i went into the exam expecting a lot of logs and for it to be very heavy on the technical side nmap grep etc but i personally found it to be more administrative broader questions .
there were 2 pbq 's one of which had two parts .
these were fun and nothing like the pbq 's i saw in security and network .
i left the exam feeling relieved to have passed and a little disappointed that i did n't get to use all that work i did in studying the technical commands identifying attacks etc .
i 'm just hoping that all that study will help me in pentest !
skillsoft video 's these were good but possibly not as in depth as i would have liked .
jason dion 's practice tests these were good and about the same level of helpfulness as the practice tests in the sybex book .
mike chapple sybex book practice tests this ended up being my main resource .
arguably it went into more depth than it needed to be but i think that will help me when i 'm studying pentest .
certmaster practice tests i hated these and really think they hindered not helped me .
i decided not to use the labs provided by skillsoft/percipio but set up my own virtualbox to run kali linux .
i then used the mike chapple lab section to 'practice ' .
this really helped me as i 'm a 'career changer ' mum of 3 39 years old currently working as a digital marketer .
i started studying in early october and it took me 3 weeks to get ready for network 2 weeks for security and just over 2 weeks for cysa .
on average i 'm squeezing in 2-3 hours a day i get up earlier and study when the kids go to bed .
right ... off to get some pentest study in !
you can bet big you can make 14 you can make more but not sustainably .
this asshat is acting like everyone here should be making 14 monthly easily or go home .
i did the opposite lol i was listening to in my dreams by kali uchis and thought that the melody sounded familiar then damon 's voice popped up .
no the current 48 number is including the two independents that caucus with the democrats
hmm will you be a good girl for me ?
anything to do my case fans have a daisy chain of molex cables and the control box for the 6 new fans i got plugs in to that chain and wo n't let me change my case fans now of course this is aesthetics but rainbow looks nice
makes me think of s b golden curry or roland madras curry powder .
there are some great deals on certain components the past few weeks .
i just bought 32 gb of ram for 90 .
the problem is the most important components are out of stock or overpriced everywhere .
i 'd say wait until january tbh or youre gon na be glued to r/buildapcsales all day
it is n't necessarily good for the consumer but at least its free .
also anxiety but i 'm not constantly anxious and i constantly need to yawn or w/e to get a breath in
i 'm seeing more and more vids of people doing this style .
oh so just a vagina but a toy i think i saw one of those before
i have a constant pain when i walk and literally ca n't 'run ' anymore .
thing is all my fractures have healed and i keep being told there 's nothing wrong '' with my x-rays and scans .
it 's horrible but i 'm not gon na lie i 'm also laughing .
i just randomly played two games and got a draft pack in the first vault and malone in the second
this is a very real leak you should take it very serious
the nba is huge in china and china has the nba by the balls .
it 's amazing how fast people forget that one tweet about hong kong was enough to get a general manager to be reeducated '' .
that 's not even a low level employee and the league still bowed down to chinese money .
no one the nba will ever be allowed to speak against the land of chairman pooh .
emptied a whole clip on a guy point blank only to be gunned down by his pistol .
i seriously have to ask if i were the inspiration for this or if i 'm so generic with this exact thought and experience that everyone is me or i am everyone .
you really think companies are going to pay to put advertisments on a 68 year old tv show ?
or to put brand new computers on 15 year old tv show ?
and the tech is becoming vastly more efficient now .
what if it is n't morsayati but ilia that creates chronos ?
wrongly assuming the fused creature would be powerful enough to overcome the pact binding .
leo works for morsayati in every other version of grastea so why would n't he turn ilia over to morsayati ?
nah bots never have brawlers that are rarer than super rare
always wondered why he never showed up on part 7
i saw nothing to support ashley doing any more than cara in that final .
i love your birthmark on your breast love you have awesomely sexy breasts that i want to massage and play with !
but it took me a while to notice them .
well in germany we got people clapping for under-funded and highly over-worked nurses while not raising their salaries one cent or somehow taking measures to make the job more popular otherwise .
has never snowed for me i went up north when i was like 9 though and it was snowing on a mountain so ?
i only wipe with charmin at home so i got that going for me .
if biden won fair and square then you should n't worry about a thing but wait patiently .
i wonder if there are any others or if nevada is the only truly wet state
shoes with built-in little pebbles that dissapear when you look inside to get them out .
she 's my ob and has been for my entire pregnancy and i have never felt like i was receiving any less than great care 👍🏼 highly recommend .
very minimally though managed to clear abyss 12-3 with this team .
just gon na make it easier with leveling up stuff
i assumed the apparent demotion from starfleet was because while they 're willing to grant her a random commission to make things easier with damar they 're not going to throw around the rank of captain so easily and it 's kind of overkill for the function she 's performing .
all the cardassians know her real rank anyway and it 's not like she 's going to be part of any official chain of command on the mission .
the commander title just shows that starfleet is sanctioning what she 's doing and conferring a significant amount of authority to her .
so far i 've got em all on one doc .
i have a mattress with topper and i do this every 2-3months so my fat arse does n't make a permanent indentation .
every point you have made in this sub is about the supposed victimization of muhajirs .
the world does n't revolve around one ethnicity jaani .
i do n't remember what it is called but i think that new grounds is making a plug-in to make old flash games work after adobe does the big gay
summer isles sounds like paradise it reminds me of the caribbean in how it is described .
the skin does n't tear us apart it just tears .
the twitter account that is/was officially endorsed and whose purpose i never got .
just saw it for the first time a couple weeks ago .
we got the best anthem and flag in the world and i 'll fight you if you disagree .
if there were n't health risks i 'd be all for it !
but like i 'm totally not willing to risk a life long issue just to rub one out hahah .
the fact that hpv can cause cancer alone is horrifying .
the more you sleep around the greater the risk .
it 's not super common but sex can lead to cancer .
getting a call that your pap smear did n't come back normal is a scary call .
luckily i 've gone back six months later and it came back normal .
the body can take care of hpv a lot of the time .
and you can end up with warts and cancer and shit .
and hpv is invisible and some how it 's not very commonly known .
i 've had countless talks with friends about it and i constantly hear ‘what 's hpv ? ' .
oh dear human please let me educate you haha .
mmmmm that risk alone is a big nope for me haha .
luckily i 'm in a very stable and loyal long term relationship for what seems to potentially be the rest of my life .
if that 's the case i never have to worry again .
unless he 's ever unfaithful and brings something home but i could never see that .
i found me a wonderful sensitive hopeless romantic who loves a happily ever after .
my favorite are the sensitive and vulnerable type who are very secure and in touch with their emotions .
66 million what the fuck are you talking about ?
even the very highest estimates only have 12m deaths .
yes i just came across his channel last night and could n't stop watching his videos .
he also seems like a genuinely nice guy and even one time gave a 200 tip to his prank ‘victim ' for wasting his time .
not a good idea to use weapons as self defence as they can be used against you especially if your aggressor is bigger and stronger than you .
2019 and 2020 energy production decrease including coal decrease is due to covid shutdown every country has the same .
energiwende did n't change much in coal co2 emisisons the trend was a decrease since 1990 according to this graph tell me if i 'm wrong please
i 've got ocd and noticed that i breath in a certain pattern .
not like a specific conscious one just noticed when i try to talk a lot that i ca n't until i correct my breathing .
i think the real problem here is that he is n't very good at communicating the information that 's in his head .
he clearly has ideas for dozens of npcs but the way those npcs are presented to the audience does n't give us much more than the ideas of them .
he does the same thing with worldbuilding and plot points graduation has a ton of ideas that sound cool if you hear a summary of them but that do n't end up having any more depth than that .
questions like what if there was a friendly necromancer who had reanimated animal skeletons as friends ? ''
what if heroes and villains were a profession ? ''
what if heroism was turned over to the free market and there were schools for it ? ''
or what if an auditor from the oversight guild showed up ? ''
are all reasonable things to ask when creating a story and reasonable things to expect an audience to care about .
but graduation never asks the follow up questions that are supposed to make up the substance of a story .
what caused these characters to be how they are ?
what do these characters being how they are effect the world around them ?
what do these events imply about the state of the world ?
how do these people and events interact with each other ?
none of these questions are addressed and instead we just keep being introduced to more potential starting points .
to put it another way it feels like travis is being a professional ideas guy ''
this might come as a shock to you but hear me out .
just because you have n't read karl marxs book does not mean you do n't know what communism is .
because other people are capable of relaying that information to you .
which tenant of marxism do you specifically think is not realistically achievable ?
i 'm not sure you 're using the word tenant correctly but in my original comment i stated why i dont think marxist communism is n't possible .
i do n't think its possible especially today to have a stateless and classless society .
a result of centuries of the bene gesserit eugenics program the childlike kwisatz haderach folds space and time only to find itself marooned on the planet gallifrey homeworld of the long-departed worms .
the meagre remnants of long-abandoned spice on the planet along with witnessing the first regeneration of the kwisatz haderach were enough for the gallifreyan scientists to formulate the key to their own regeneration .
unlike the kwisatz haderach formerly known as paul now as the doctor the so-called time lords of gallifrey rely on what little spice remains on their homeworld for after their 12th cycle of regeneration their untransmuted bodies require reinfusion with jealously-guarded spice .
shut up writing brain november 's over no more nano bad brain !
some of these seem pretty extreme clothespins on nipples ouch !
bin ganz in der nähe des epizentrums stand in diesem moment mitten im raum .
vistas are n't supposed to be performing any direct service this is unrelated to covid it 's an americorps rule .
you should n't be interacting with the public in your vista role in this type of direct service scenario .
it is and i know a lot of people are seeing this pandemic/wfh situation as an opportunity to take a lot of sneaky time for themselves .
even i 'll admit i 've spent a couple of hours during quiet periods playing games or watching movies here and there but the second i get an email i respond and do what needs to be done .
i 'm actually doing better with her as a solo laner than as adc lmao
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i could probably help but i 'm at work for the next few hours .
the first level or have you defeated the first boss and moved on ?
taepo 's post is from april of this year and the quotes from nibel are from last year .
do n't know what to make of this ... post
definitely i still do n't run into issues where mora is the problem but definitely things will change when i reach 50 this week .
real tip is to use enemy shield vs their teammates .
also furniture and light posts and opening supply bins to get more cover in fights .
i had light posts save me vs 2 people .
real real protip is using peoples bodies against them .
i went up against a squad in bunker and since 1 was in front the other two shot him in the back and not me .
i mean he 's the quiet kid in isayama 's highschool au
take kindly the counsel of the years gracefully surrendering the things of youth ...
i 'm a tattooist so hopefully one day it will do
congrats you 've just admitted to being a no one s
it 's a tease of the new chevy silverado noe with monolith technology
it 's a machine dovetail joint the pins and tails are equally spaced .
but the drawer does not strengthen the piece of furniture .
it is the nearest manmade panel to real wood but better ! ! !
yes it was necessary for its survival but it did 100 lead the darkness and the hive to the eliksni by bestowing it 's gifts upon them before peacing out as soon as trouble arrived .
you 're right this would help heal the wounds felt by eliksni that thought the traveller had basically rejected them where in reality it was more of an it 's not you it 's me '' type of deal .
i have n't gotten house responsibilities yet as it 's only needed when i work full time after i graduate so i 'm working part time for stuff i want but tattoos get a bad rep in my house because it 's strict
also if you need to public carry in texas you 're a card carrying pussy .
yeah about 90 of the player base is on low elo below plat and if you got to high elo diamond you will want to play 5 stack or else you will be matched with silvers or even irons to compensate the lack of players both at the game and at high elo
also name a spot that was viable in old squads that wo n't be rn
if you ask about council members they do n't have a day-to-day operational role but have an advisory one .
as for the remuneration this is not for disclosure for now .
i would say do something like tyranno lair geno dome and ocean palace/black omen .
they are n't all the most important areas to the plot of chrono trigger but you will get the feeling of time travel and get to see a lot of the different periods .
if that leans too heavily on the futuristic maybe sub out geno dome for magus castle and have that be the middle of the series .
if they do that they should have zombor on the bridge be the first boss as a leadup to actually entering the castle .
there was a sequel to 2001 .. released in ‘84 starring roy schneider and bob balaban called 2012 ... ..was really good
just a quick reminder to flair your post if you have n't already !
if you 're confused on which flair you should use click here https www.reddit.com/r/lovelink/wiki/flairs .
the cg folder with all currently-available illustrations for each match can be found over here https drive.google.com/drive/folders/1xqkn1w0smyz_knt65ghpf694vaqen6xu !
if you do n't see a cg we do n't have it .
check out the beginner 's guide https www.reddit.com/r/lovelink/wiki/beginner-guide for counterparts/characters who are not yet in the game !
if you have any lingering questions head to the resource post https www.reddit.com/r/lovelink/comments/jaql0b/rlovelink_welcome_post_resources_events_rules faq https www.reddit.com/r/lovelink/wiki/index or check the resolved '' flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lovelink if you have any questions or concerns .
this absolutely saddens me because my brother is also 4 years old .
imagining an old man picking him up and throwing him out the window because he could n't get his jimmies off to a small girl pisses me off so fucking much .
the only way that this will be the rest of your life is if you let it.. it seems like there 's a lot contempt and lack of respect .
you should ask yourself if that 's something you want to deal w. people hardly change .
the used car lots are hurting as they are n't getting many used cars from people buying new ones .
if you 're wondering why it does n't link to a title you 're viewing it on a platform that does n't support crossposts .
the original post can be found at the link above .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/titleporn if you have any questions or concerns .
was referring to the person who got upset about the meme .
travis fulgham played 52 of the snaps his lowest rate since joining the eagles .
some countries do hrt for free ireland and britain come to mind .
but a lot of the prices depend on where you 're living .
this was the first cd i ever bought and is still an all time favorite .
so as long as i shout there may be a fire everyone should consider evacutating '' i will be fine !
i liked it except one of the boss i think it was the last one that was really annoying
but still it 's the best of the trilogy in my opinion .
unfortunately your submission appears to mirror a common thought as evidenced by this example http www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/ihpgdn/spiders_are_the_only_web_developers_on_earth_that .
since all submissions to r/showerthoughts must be original and unique as per rule 1 yours has been removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
sadly i had some fb friends sharing a post early after the election talking about the watermark blockchain stuff and my first reaction was wtf do they think blockchain is ? ? ''
nie miałem w domu więcej niż dwóch kotów na raz ale chyba warto zrobić każdemu oddzielny kąt wliczając kuwety i miski na jedzonko/wodę .
podobno można kupić takie duże klatki do separacji kotów ale to drogie rozwiązanie ...
ohhh i know what you 're talking about there 's a sign with melrose on it right ?
honestly if you ask me amber is in better spot than lisa so ... .
i 'd be terrified if this happened to me .
d8 being a new thing and i feel like anybody can get make a website and market themselves here and it could be a front for stealing information or something .
do n't get me wrong i prefer d8 anyway over d9 but yeah it 's not surprising that some vendors are suspicious .
he 's blaming someone that he knows did n't do it as a means of implying who did .
my username is 'true chosen one ' and the serial number is 1707 .
i have ddraig 's picture as my profile photo .
whenever our craigheart encountered outrage from a damaged party member he just said there i see friend there a see foe ... ''
i think you are permitted to go out if you have exam .
it 's not a frack butbyou know what i mean
he got kanye to press the answers for him into that graylz .
me and my wife would definitely be all over you .
the last time i asked i got nothing but show references in response .
is it different/harder content or is it just another hour of content ?
the fans are through a node and the aoi is though the mobo
flora fauna and merryweather are three protagonists in walt disney 's 1959 film sleeping beauty .
they are characterized as princess aurora 's fairy godmothers who appear at baby aurora 's christening to present their gifts to her as well as her guardians and/or parents .
the three were voiced by verna felton barbara jo allen and barbara luddy respectively .
about me https www.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrn2mj/about_me opt out https www.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrti43/opt_out_here op can reply ! delete to delete article of the day https redd.it/k48t1a
istg if i see one more fucking ! girl acdc ! joke im gon na cry
if they 've ever been to your hideout just use desecrate in your hideout .
i prefer strafe because it lets me change direction quickly so i can jump one way and immediately jump the opposite way if i need to .
stompees also makes strafe more then high enough for console fov .
presumably if they made bojack teq they would have made zangya a different typing .
but even if we kept her as teq as well it would n't be quite enough .
except zangya is n't going to go well on a extreme teq team even if a bojack is on it .
zangya wants a team of basically all space travelling warriors .
so on an extreme teq team your top tier options in this situation are bojack zangya raditz and hit for sbr where he can actually be helpful .
that 's only an 80 buff in her passive .
now considering all her extra effects that 'd make her decent for sure especially alongside bojack .
but she 's still be suffering from basically everything bojack would be suffering from not wanting to be on extreme teq as a team because it does n't mesh very well with her or her kit .
zangya especially was built with the idea of using her on a mono-typing not being in mind .
with a little work and youtube-dl you can avoid those ads as well
this one is especially egregious because steph put up 2 74 's and a 71 on the web.com https web.com tour along with an 86 .
and these tickets were estimated to cost about 90 .
sounds really useful i 'll make sure to check them out they may not be the best form of entertainment but the effort to follow them will account for that .
ball python owners when their snake moves its head 2° to the left after doing nothing for 12 hours
better yet get him to change his name to something new .
yeah my brother was an addict and stole anything that was n't bolted to the floor so i get it .
must be way worse coming from your own parents though .
my wife works for a church and they do n't even have youth group anymore cause of covid usually youth group is the place shitty parents dump their kids 'cause woohoo free babysitter i 'm going to go drink . ''
all this shit just sucks i lost my job permanently cause of covid but i 'm still not going to let bitterness get in the way of facts
it 's a very long explanation so not really .
even after his edits it 's just more gibberish .
it 's like someone showing you a picture of a banana and calling it the plans for the next space shuttle .
yea that is my issue with the line ups ...
i can play with the harvest line up which is amazing but i know it is n't my true line up ?
your cock has a nice curve and a well defined head .
ouuu i asked to borrow my bestfriend one she nice to me sometimes t-t
i 'll read the blah story by nigel tomm .
it 's 3,277,227 words which ends up being 7312 pages .
ohhhhh boy you should look up the ties between white supremacy and police unions
whilst i completely agree that there is absolutely no justification for naziism people should be able to think and say whatever they want .
its up to us as a society to kill such ideas which should be pretty easy considering the incredible evidence available .
everyone 's tactic is to get people talking when it comes to distributing ideas this is not something used only by facists ...
i mean the advertising industry is built on this just get your idea or product out there and the public will take care of the rest .
theres very little you can do to stop this preventing public discussion of any idea is the essence of facism and doesnt do much to stop it spreading ... you need to directly counter ideas and demonstrate their absurdity if you want any chance of changing opinions .
its so easy for people to see an idea have some convincing and then accept the idea .
if you dont like that you need to convince them otherwise .
also some people wont change their mind regardless of what you tell them or evidence you present .
the discussions need to be had to educate those who dont know or will change their mind and eventually the people who wont change their mind will be gone .
just saying no im not gunna talk about that your an idiot for thinking that '' is an ineffective way of killing an idea .
wow i really need to learn to cash out .
did anyone else 2k crash all the time before this patch ?
i think this shows that you do n't have reading comprehension .
by circling words and drawing arrows it does n't mean those words are connected in real life .
this is so beautiful and whimsy 🥰 i love all the detail and ivan is so stinkin ' cute .
its an amazing name brother glad to see you embrace the ornn way
so you ca n't catch covid if you only work four days a week ?
also let people who want to spend their resources responsibility be ashamed because they wanted to listen to their common sense
i never even figured out how the discord worked lol .
they might shoot up really quick in another week .
i 've started plants at the same time and had them grow at ridiculously different growth rates .
i actually asked and the reply was that they price to the global market and less locally because they want to be affordable locally .
i admired the guts to respond that way but it bothered me because of the entitled attitude that i wouldnt mind paying a much higher price despite the risks of making such a long distance transaction e.g. ability to dispute a transaction cost of returns
edit i know that differential pricing exists in other industries .
that particular instantiation of it just felt unfair to me at the time .
just saying if you want to know why trump keeps gearing grouped in with nazis ask the supporters of his that wave nazi flags .
i do n't have an answer but they probably will .
communists hate biden you 're gon na have a hard time finding any person left of the party on board for the 94 ' crime bill mixed with an anti trans top cop .
i hope they 're gon na up the production with multiple angles and multiple observers for replay
safflower seeds might be an option most of the small songbirds will eat safflower but bully '' species like starlings and grackles are not a fan .
i have no idea if pigeons eat safflower or not but maybe do some research into what foods/seeds the birds you want to keep eat and see if there is something that pigeons will not eat on that list .
option number two could be to connect a tray under your feeder to catch some of the seeds that your smaller birds drop while feeding .
the trick to that is going to be making it so the pigeons ca n't land on the tray that kind of defeats the purpose if they can .
third option apparently pigeons do not like the smell of moth balls .
it is not harmful or toxic to them they just think it stinks so maybe putting some moth balls out will discourage pigeons from hanging out .
i bought a 3090 from them that has been shipped .
i think most of their business comes from sales on newegg and amazon .
hopefully this post can help others struggling to find a card .
it seems like you go on the extreme side of fasts with the prolonged ones that 's no easy feat though congrats on even being capable of that !
do 16:8 for a while then 18:6 20:4 then you may find yourself losing weight comfortably at one of these even omad .
it may take longer for the pounds to drop off but this could help it stick this time !
was thinking between romero and gosens thought both are nailed
i know all of them and i love all of them
it 's like the average parents do n't realize that teachers are also human beings with lives of their own .
i think he does n't want anything from rares and would rather try their luck for a higher tier ?
today is giving tuesday '' which is probably why they went with that theme .
much much luv to u too ♡ your locks are super expressive individual and beautiful .
this is why i hate the whole references/networking aspect of job hunting .
trecem printr-o situatie speciala amana-ti zborul pana in vara cand poate se mai linisteste situatia .
daca cineva are virus si-l duci inapoi in uk ?
parerea mea e acum e greu pentru toti si daca nu avem neaparat nevoie sa calatorim sa stam acasa .
from adding 6 lanes to a highway to slapping sidewalks on some suburban neighborhood road there is both an immediate cost and a long run maintenance cost for all of that .
if you keep on bloating your transportation infrastructure and that bloat is concentrated on a single transportation mode you will eventually arrive at a point where your entire budget is spent trying to preserve assets you already have .
you will have very little money to make significant investments in other modes unless you secure a federal grant .
it 's not like you can just let these things fall apart or fall down to get rid of them .
also post here if u need more help step by step
make friends with a lot of animals mourn the fact that my family/bf/friends are n't around i 'd probably be really upset and i 'd also help myself to free booze from abandoned shops .
yes obviousy '' but then goes on to make the same arguement again .
no im not saying shes asking to be called trans at all so for the 2nd time stop putting words in my fucking mouth and i wont be hostile to you .
no its just that you 've given advice and then admitted you 're not into cuckoldry .
sorry if you 've been called out but people come here for real advice to real situations .
this is a place people come to for help .
you treating it as a sick personal game could have serious repercussions .
yes this condo will get busted by this lady 's tic tok .
most games do n't reach late game and riot said they did this crit change to move power from late game to early and mid .
seriously this adc are champions for a stage you wo n't reach ingame '' needs to stop .
the msi b450 gaming plus max or tomahawk max are good
please wait patiently before the post becomes visible in the subreddit and please do not attempt to circumvent the review process .
if your submission does not pass the review process a removal reason may or may not be provided .
if not by default the removal reason will be rule 11 overall subreddit quality
moderators may remove submissions with repetitive content or certain generic topics to help maintain subreddit quality .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/genshin_impact if you have any questions or concerns .
what is really interesting is the fact that only 2-4 of teosintes genetic material was subject to artificial selection .
a change in a single gene is responsible for the fact that modern corn can be eaten straight from the cob and does not have to be cracked open to be eaten like it is the case with teosinte .
nie będę się spierał bo achaję czytałem dawno temu i zbyt dobrze tej fabuły nie pamiętam .
chodziło mi to że główny wątek był na tyle wciągający by podążać za nim do końca choć pomnik '' już sobie odpuściłem .
a że masa rzeczy w książce nie trzymała się kupy to inna kwestia .
czarownik miota się jeszcze trochę po świecie wypytując o ziemców – ale nie wiadomo na chuj to komu bo ci się nie pojawiają w ogóle w książce .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansbrunette if you have any questions or concerns .
hey i will join also 😏 just to help you
jokes aside i think a lot of people underestimate how expensive it is to make an all new kit .
it 's summer down under where i live but i think comfey would make a nice festive wreath !
your account must be at least one month old and you must have at least 50 comment karma in order to create a self post .
if you 're new to the sport and want to ask a question then check out r/soccernoobs .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/soccer if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's what i 'm wondering too how much gold did he make ?
my kits hate crystals because they crackle and pop when they pee in it !
i 'll never deny the amazing talent but i 've really lost respect for the guy .
and that 's the purpose of the mainstream media .
yes but not all had their dad buy them a seat .
weight gain can affect the car 's performance but in his case i highly doubt that such would be enough to get him fired .
maybe if we destroy those silver monoliths that are starting to appear that 'll fix things ?
yes it potentially is sex discrimination unless your state has a specific exemption for a particular class if club .
there 's actually a decent player base in squad that like doing support roles like logi runs and building so would n't see why people would get tired and i feel every couple of games dudes would hop in the role to fill a critical support job .
plus just because its available does n't mean people have to fill that role .
helicopters are available but i 've played quite a few where nobody touched them .
your commander tells you to fix a detracked abrams with engine damage across the map after you just fixed a bradley under heavy fire and they were able to clear the objective thanks to you .
and while your fixing the abrams you have to stop and shoot some dudes trying to run up with c4 you kill them and get back to work while the abrams just destroyed a t-72 and tyou fix it and then your back on the road dodging enemy bmp fire and running over a dismount or two on the way to fix another vehicle crucial to securing an objective .
i 'm considering a move to new orleans to be closer to the wife 's family .
i worked for the ymca in denver for 6 years when i moved to colorado and for three years in birmingham before that move .
i was curious if there was something in louisiana you knew of or supported beyond the usual suspects .
you even have ntl reed and an evo 'd revis ? ? ?
damn wth lmao i 'm f2p and i 'm lacking lol .
guess this person 's mask is made of concrete or is carrying a berlin wall in their face .
i go for long runs daily in mask fuck these assholes .
i was playing cartel once and i got a gunship from it and i was really happy because i was going off that game but i do n't think it should really count as going off seen as i was using pre need mp5
is there an option to drop down to one subject a semester for your law degree ?
as soon as you have experience your uni grades are less important so you could just aim to pass the law subjects and finish your 2nd degree over a number of years ?
well i can avoid bare hands by running and vending machine deaths by not being near one in an earthquake
wtf do you suggest i do when someone pulls a gun out ?
i believe part of the strategy behind gutting parts of the nhs was that post brexit the us and uk were to enter into a trade agreement that opened up the uk to us private insurers and pharma because bojo was desperate for a deal and team trump was holding all the cards .
i 'd love to hear more from someone with more insight .
the only question i still have is why you did n't use emacs built-in theme system ?
i think the mkiii went back to the co2 shells .
haha yeah i get that punjab is actually just an indian state
dude i 'm ngl i 'm super pumped for these newer rom hacks .
not only do the newer ones have good features but i feel like the new ones coming out soon will also have good original stories to go with the features .
also i 've seen some crazy things with oras textures in dppt and stuff so i 'm hyped .
the question here would be how much investment it takes to make this work for him keyword opportunity cost .
a c0 venti with no gear has a massive impact when spamming bursts .
zhongli in a best case scenario as shown in the video mentioned by naxerx seems fairly solid '' .
he however requires an additional fully geared main-dps geo character which implicitly limits teambuilding and resonance options .
geo mc is arguably below average for that slot assuming that most plays do n't have the resources to roll for both a multi-constellation ningguang and zhongli two banners in a row and noelle requires c6 as well to get the dps for it .
as said before he has his niche but its just too specific to call him good without adding a big but '' behind it .
your post was removed because the title must start with an age/gender tag with brackets like 15m or 16f .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teensmeetteens if you have any questions or concerns .
indeed i do n't think it 's possible to say that it 's 100 certain she never had it .
very unlikely sure but certainty will require a much better understanding of what 's actually going on .
as an aside my pet crackpot theory is that perhaps a less severe version of the virus but with the same spike and close enough to share antibodies already made the rounds much earlier in 2019 mostly in asia but went unnoticed because nobody got much sicker than the common cold and the outbreak in china was just a sudden mutation that just made the illness noticeable as unique for the first time .
hhh had some fantastic matches during this period but most of them involved shawn micheals .
in all the matches where hhh was the better worker it seem like guys dragged him down to their level .
hhh 's matches against guys like stiener and kane and goldberg were not good .
ctrl p ctrl v toxic pea and super commando to
to the second question my answer is that spanish is easy for the pronunciation but it has a lot of words but the spell/misspell thing is easier better to comprehend than english for the pronunciation but you can count that most teachers can teach well if you are thinking on spend less money student salary there are things online like the infamous skillshare and videos in youtube i know sometimes salaries are not kind
i have iphone se 2016 and it still works better than 2020 androids .
so learn facts and then talk u little momas boi !
it 's a statement based on an experience i had .
i get my flu shot every year not that that prevents the flu entirely and i got very sick .
dude if i jokingly ask my wife for a nude she tells me to do one half the time .
it 's ok to not wear a mask you just wo n't be allowed on the aircraft
i have two implants and i have n't noticed any discoloration or anything .
i 'm not a heavy smoker but i drink a lot of coffee .
they might be more concerned with your other teeth discoloring to not match the implant but you can use a whitening mouthwash or something similar to help fight that which is what i do .
opinia co to ma do rzeczy w listopadzie 2020 ?
i 've got myself a 5120x1440 monitor with up to 240hz which is buttery smooth on my pc
i also have a lenovo work pc t480 with 620uhd and no dedicated graphics card using usb-c to display port cable .
i am able to get 5120x1440 60hz which is nice but not great .
but i also can get 3840x1080 120hz and i am loving the smoothness of that refresh rate .
i tried setting a custom resolution on intel graphics app to 5120x1440 120hz but i get an error stating this setting is beyond the maximum bandwidth
now is it that usb c — display port is limiting or should i try out hdmi ?
would an external lenovo dock be of any use ?
all i want is 5120x1440 120hz without adding new hardware like egpu tb3 docks are fine
just have been observing a lot of genz teens expressing a liking towards communism .
do you think i 'll be doomed to live as a commie in the future as a genzer ?
i literally do n't understand why my generation has become infatuated with far-leftism .
if you 're looking to purchase amiibos this ebay has really really good prices
i ca n't seem to figure out how to use new chunks while using sigma 5 nothing shows up anywhere is this a bug or is it maybe a premium feature ?
is there a way i can delete the egr system on a 7400 vortec without throwing a cel ?
so quick recap i rent an apartment from my mom 's boyfriend who then made my mom manager of the building i live in .
my brother the only current drug user in my family who also has other mental health issues and a mean violent streak has been put up in an area near my apartment that does n't have a functional kitchen so he needs use of mine .
i was hesitantly ok with this but then he had a raging anger fit destroyed a bunch of my stuff in my storage area and threatened my mom and myself .
after all this my non still decided it was a good idea to give him a key to my apartment so he could use the kitchen whenever he wants .
she 's also an addict but i 've known her for 20 years and she is still the sweetest person on the planet .
she 's trying to get clean and her being here has given my brother new motivation to get clean as well .
he 's requested that he do n't let him go anywhere unaccompanied .
he 's still getting angry sometimes but when he starts yelling he takes a second then walks off and sits until he can calm down .
this is all great but i 'm on high alert for two reasons i feel like he 's relying heavily on myself my spouse and his girlfriend foe his sobriety and not taking personal responsibility so what happens when i 'm not able to do what he wants ?
and second even if it is n't because he 's angry he is n't honoring boundaries .
my apartment is a studio apartment so him being able to come in whenever he likes is n't just sharing resources i have no privacy .
i have several chronic illnesses and that makes sleep sometimes difficult but also very important to my ability to function and do my work .
he came in at 3am to make pancakes then woke me up because he could n't find a plate .
he let my cat out of the apartment and left her out for hours .
he knocks and apologizes when he needed to use my bathroom for a minute but when he was upset about something he just barged in and demanded attention right away .
he has n't done anything new that makes me worry about my safety but i ca n't relax .
tensions are high my spouse and i are fighting more and that is triggering my migraines that i have n't had in almost a year .
i 'm trying to focus on the good points he 's attending his mandatory classes he 's trying to manage his anger he 's doing his best .
but i do n't trust it i 'm just waiting for the other shoe to drop ?
i recently had to move back to a state where it 's legal to smoke medicinally but next to impossible to get a card unless you 're basically dying .
this makes it so i am unable to buy from any of the dispensaries here and am forced to buy from dealers .
i 've previously bought from recreational dispensaries or from dealers that were on top of their shit and would at least keep me in the loop .
i found a plug through some friends but holy shit this guy is so bad at customer service .
says he has bud then ghosts me when i try and go pick up or tells me he 's out days after i ask .
i ask him when he 'll reup and i get told that he may be going soon but gives no more info than that .
but this is literally the only guy i know of that i can buy from .
why ca n't all dealers just be good on the customer service side like damn .
within a fortnight the yearly season of phoros 's curse sweeps across the land bringing a lethal and deadly fog to the land .
while the sick and infirm retreat to temples in towns across the land one small village has believed they have the cure in the form of a woman .
as a child you were caught out in the fog .
by some miracle you remained immune to its poisonous effects .
now that you have come of age the tribe has volunteered you to venture out and explore the wilds .
for your mission is to either find a cure to help the tribe or discover the origin of the fog and eliminate the source .
just a little high fantasy setting to play around with .
what i 'm looking for is someone who wants to play around in this setting and tell a story to pass the time .
while i 'll act as a quasi gm you will also have the power to add in whatever you 'd like at anytime .
i want this to be heavy on the dark and twisted .
let 's take smut to a whole other level .
maybe it 's your brother who ventures out with you and a love affair blossoms .
mans best friend accompanies you protects you and you bond on a deeper level if you know what i mean .
and i 'm open to try just about anything out .
some people like it but i 've never found it to enhance any rp .
if you like what you 've read go ahead a shoot me a message .
let 's see if we can get something started !
for those who love a touch of green in their house grass is something precious .
when you wake up and get your first glimpse of the beautiful lush green grass it can be an instant mood lifter .
however grass requires a world of maintenance and care with regular mowing and watering to keep it alive .
hey guys i am new-ish player with 1400 battles and 5000 on blitz if that counts somehow .
i am now playing at tier 9 with a heavy tank 244 battles with 1600 wn8 and 62 winrate 100 battles on tier 8 with 1300 wn8 and 58 winrate .
i think i have very good understanding of strategy bud i am terribad at tactics and micro positioning ... what i mean i know where to go which flank to reinforce which tanks to focus on etc but i die a lot because of reckless moving between individual obstacles or overextending carelessly .
i have rollercoaster sessions with 4k damage for 2 games then 2 games i die with one succesfull shot landed on enemy .
nikola founder trevor milton can sell his 91.6 million shares starting tuesday as insider lockup period expires https www.nbcboston.com/news/business/money-report/nikola-founder-trevor-milton-can-sell-his-91-6-million-shares-starting-tuesday-as-insider-lockup-period-expires/2244927 ? fbclid=iwar1u3bbyhsjtqqmhi1wvnlxxoy9cdcddogqbxzfqtwujsyxronsgxzzqedo
i ca n't sleep i 'm burnt out i have no motivation to do anything and i 'm done with my fucking life .
last place i thought i can find help is no more so i 'm back on reddit .
everything is falling apart and i ca n't keep my shit together .
my parents became true assholes and play on my emotions which fucks with my head .
is there a source that shows this information which schools have the highest graduation rates and bar passage rates specifically for black students ?
i saw something that was specific to hbcus but i am interested in the data including pwis .
this is my second account so do n't be concerned about the level lol 1627 2534 5456
i think thd update to prysm 1.0.2 may have lost my initial poap graffiti image which really sucks cause it was my b-day number .
i cant confirm the uodate was the cause but incase anyone else updated you may want to double check that your graffiti is set .
i a lighter note my validator is kicking but .
thanks to this community and the support i got in the prysm discord channel .
so thanks everyone i 'll try to help wherever i can .
free ammo to anyone who wants it and can collect .
should n't arm armor and any other armor that is n't just covering the chest/thorax/stomach have its own armor points .
i feel its pretty unrealistic to get hit in the arms and have the whole armor have reduced points .
arms and other armor that covers areas should have its own armor points .
it just does n't make any sense getting hit in the arm and having the chest/thorax placement of armor be reduced .
it would also make armor with other guarded placements useful instead of obsolete like they are now .
i 'd ask my trainer but they 're group sessions and i feel weird asking questions like this .
the sessions are mild for a normal person but intense for me and it takes a few days to recover .
obv i ca n't only workout twice a week but how do i pace myself to build up stamina and lose weight ?
for reference i 'm 27 female and used to workout everyday 3 years ago when i was fit without issue .
now i 'm unfit 60 lbs up and get tired walking up the stairs .
is a 30 minute walk and 30 minute kind of intense workout in addition to my sessions minus session days doing too much ?
or is that just fine bc i feel like a normal person should be able to handle that .
my goal is 8 lbs over the next month i 'm already limiting my diet rn
hey i 'm just starting out with graffiti and have no idea where to start when it comes to choosing a pseudonym .
i was wondering what resources i could use to make sure that a name i eventually pick is n't taken .
and considering i 'm a graffiti virgin maybe you could also lend me some helpful tips and tricks for beginners ? ?
i do n't know what the problem is with disk utility in recent macos versions but it is now buggy to the point of being downright dangerous to use .
a few weeks ago i renamed the drive my operating system was on using disk utility .
this worked but it never bothered to update the pointer telling macos where my user directory was stored .
the result was that i was completely unable to login .
without any other user accounts i had to boot into single user mode and remove applesetupdone reboot create a new account log into that account then find a way to fix the pointer .
yesterday i deleted the partition my windows boot camp was on using disk utility since i do n't use it anymore .
the result of that was somehow the complete destruction of the guid partition table which left the machine totally unbootable .
after trying for hours using testdisk running from macos on an external drive i finally gave up .
all of the data on that drive is now unrecoverable .
i have used disk utility for almost ten years .
never in that time have i seen it impose such rampant destruction on relatively trivial tasks .
it is so bad that nobody should be using it .
i am shocked that apple has allowed it to be used given its current state in mojave .
anyone else find that disk utility has devolved into a complete mess with every os update ?
anyone have any luck getting a 12 pro max to charge on the tesla wireless charging dock with a case on ?
if i slide the little ledge off the phone will charge but it slips down into the storage space below .
just curious if anyone found a solution other than not buying such a big phone .
all on coincidence i got to chatting with u/centralfloridaman and had a great chat and a print .
made for a great day chatting with someone within the hoppy i 'd recommend him any day .
i feel like restricting is making me age waaay faster than i would otherwise ... i 'm only 20 and already have forehead wrinkles 😐 idk if anyone else experiences this but like wow it sucks .
literally just got the email two minutes ago it 's 7:47pst rn holy cow .
i 'm kinda shocked that they sent me one so late it looks like you east coasters will hopefully be waking up to something very nice tomorrow .
berkeley is first of three law schools i 've gotten to visit so i 'm super happy to have finally been admitted .
went complete on october 1st and i 've been ur2 since november 2nd !
did not submit a why berkeley or interestingly enough a diversity statement .
a recent river bridge post counted 9 perhaps with a hawkeye 10 river bridges .
i like jpop jrock but im open to any suggestions !
i 'd really appreciate some oranges cherries and peaches .
take as much fruit as you want but please do n't touch my flowers
i have a brass telescope and i want to calculate its magnification .
so i like the design off a cutting mat and was wondering two things .
first are there any moues pads that have that type of cutting mat design or two can you use a cutting mat as a mouse pad ?
like the title says i am a virgin looking for a seductive temptress .
im looking for someone who loves to tease and drive men insane with your sweet sultry seductive words .
does the thought of making a guy cum in his pants just from your words make you wet ?
i am mainly more looking to chat but i am down to talk about or set up rp scenarios as well .
i hav n't came in 5 days so i am incredible horny .
being a good conversationlist goes a long way as well .
looking for music lessons for your 4-7 year old ?
you 've probably heard that your child is too young for music lessons or to play the guitar drums or piano .
i hacked together this spreadsheet to try to determine how the patriots have done in the draft compared to the rest of the nfl .
brief and incomplete explanation of what i 've done here
i compared player value total career value and average value per year as determined by pro football reference see https www.pro-football-reference.com/blog/index37a8.html https www.pro-football-reference.com/blog/index37a8.html against the expected value for each draft slot using a combination of chase harvard and jimmie johnson 's draft pick value charts .
i 'm not so sure about pfr 's approximate value '' statistic .
obviously a lot of problems with this way of calculating it .
i tried also calculating player value using weighted career earnings from over the cap but had trouble matching data between pfr and otc .
as far as i can tell neither of them are using the nfl api 's gss id 's and even if they did i would n't know how to use it .
has anyone else here tried to tackle this question ?
edit explaining a bit further the methodology here particularly the metrics included in the first tab '' draft efficiency '' .
total pick value is calculated as the sum of the blended avg .
expected chase harvard jimmie johnson weighted equally associated with all draft selections in the years specified a7 b8 — see draft pick valuation '' tab to see the s
total player value a sum of the career value av as calculated by pro football focus methodology here https www.pro-football-reference.com/blog/index37a8.html https www.google.com/url ? q=https www.pro-football-reference.com/blog/index37a8.html sa=d ust=1606890636783000 usg=afqjcnh39zhbzyzsklcec1sdjeznlfwugw
player val pick val approximate value av over total pick value blended i.e .
how much av did the team get for every 'point ' of blended pick value
av yr approximate value av of a given player divided by the number of years the player was active in the nfl — i.e .
how much value did this player create per year ?
av ev yr a sum of the total approximate value av per year each team got out of the players they drafted between the years specified in a7 b8 .
ev is calculated on the draft pick valuation '' tab
av ev yr normalized normalized by simply ranking each team .
this is a better metric than av-ev/yr because ev/yr does not account for the natural curve of production over a player 's career rookies on the whole produce less value than 3rd and 4th year players and so on and so forth .
a negative number in column h does not mean that a team drafted poorly during the time range specified in a7 b8 .
a below 16 in this column however suggests that they drafted below the average .
total picks of draft picks the team had in the time range specified in a7 b8
top-20 picks of picks the top 20 each team had during the time range specified in a7 b8
all pro selects number of all pro selections career for players selected between the years specified in a7 b8
pro bowl selects number of pro bowl selections career for players selected between the years specified in a7 b8
i 'm looking for psychology books about self-awareness of skills while developing as a professional .
for example starting my career i thought that i know a lot after half a year i understood that i know nothing .
now i start to realize that i may know something and have basic knowledge but there is a lot to learn etc .
it could be about dunning–kruger effect https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunning e2 80 93kruger_effect or impostor syndrome https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/impostor_syndrome or something similar .
i hope i could explain my request a bit .
it feels like too many big moments and character paths diverge from the main universe in the mirror that it only seems that it is a reflection only as it observed like an actual mirror .
i appreciate a nice sound system like anyone else would .
i recently got a 2019 accord sport with a 8 speaker sound system .
the factory system is pretty horrid the bass is non existent and the mid and treble is n't any better .
i want to upgrade my sound system but i simply just do n't know how or where to start .
i 'd consider going to professionals for the upgrade but i 'd like to save some money if i can .
speaker brands amps subs or any information would be helpful .
a place for members of r/tea4tuesday to chat with each other
graphics detailed cartoony style plenty of line work but pretty colorful .
notable characters i believe there was a grandma character and you play as the father
the game was some educational game i played a couple times when i was 6-7 .
i believe it was on a disc and the main menu had this strange green spiral in the background .
the game haunted me as a kid because of the stressful scenario you were put in .
the game consisted of going through the house and trying to get your family out .
it 's one of those distant memories where it feels really dreamy but the details of it are etched into my mind .
it would be really reassuring if i found out it was a real game .
other than the green spiral and getting your family out of the fire i also believe i remember a basement and a ladder .
also it was a 2d game from what i remember .
might of been one of those point and click type games .
this is an old book probably from the 1980 's or 1990 's .
there 's a magical family with a lot of kids .
maybe a boy possibly the one character that does n't have magic yet or the one that is admired by the character without magic .
i think that they get there magic at a set age or at puberty .
i 'm not sure if the non-magical sibling fakes the magic or just puts off telling their family .
it 's possible that they were afraid of being sent away .
they maybe super powerful or it 's something that 's incredibly rare .
looking for minimally mid th10 and above for cwl this season currently sitting in crystal 3 and please drop me a message if youre interested !
a place for members of r/ethereum3 to chat with each other
i got into this game on launch and had a really good time playing at first .
ladiva is probably the most fun i 've had with a grappler other than inj2 bane or king/armor king in t7 .
are there any other fgs with a grappler like her with flashy grabs cool combos and higher execution ?
i 'd love a new game to lab or people to play against on pc us east when i get home from winter break
nếu trọn xe tải có tải trọng nhỏ bạn sẽ phải chuyển nhiều lần mức chi phí sẽ cao hơn nhiều .
ngược lại nếu thuê xe tải quá rộng so với số lượng đồ sẽ gây ra lãng phí .
bởi vậy bạn cần định lượng số lượng hàng hóa để lựa chọn chiếc xe tải phù hợp .
tuy nhiên bạn cũng không cần lo vấn đề đó bởi khi sử dụng xe tải dịch vụ chuyển đồ https dichvuchuyendo.net bạn sẽ được nhân tư vấn ký để lựa chọn được chiếc xe phù hợp nhất .
1 modem and cat5e runs all congregate in an upstairs bedroom closet .
2 main landlord supplied router for the several suites is attached to the cat5 port in our living room that currently supplies the wifi for the property ... that wall run is patched from modem straight to router downstairs there 's not more cat5 ports in the main floor .
3 i have an unaraid server i 'd like to put that in the closet with the modem out of the way .
4 i 'd like to create a small mesh network as i 've got upstairs and downstairs floors likey two asus routers using aimesh and also want to capitalize on the cat5 speeds for my desktop upstairs and the tv unit downstairs port is currently occupied .
so here 's the connundrum if i just put a switch in the closed and band everything together the modem is going to try and assign the wan ip to whatever it can find ?
if that 's the case the i have to put the main router upstairs right ?
i ca n't have the main router be downstairs as there 's no way to the use the single cat5 run to send network back up through the modem to router line ...
so i 'm looking for suggestion on how to build this out what 's the most efficient way ?
is this bug repeatable ? yes we 've done extensive testing on 2 maps
is there a specific condition or setup ? no available from the start
does this work with spirit boxes that have never been in the building ? yes
does this work prior to any spirit boxes entering the building ? yes
any contract difficulty ? probably works as far as we 've tested 2 difficulties
any ghost type that can talk with the spirit box ? probably works as far as we 've tested 2 types
any map ? probably works as far as we 've tested 2 maps
does the ghost have to talk at least once before the bug works ? no available from the start
can anyone talk to the ghost if there is somebody in the right room ? no only the people in the right room can
does a spirit box have to be in the right room ? no only the person that is talking
can you rig a video camera and spirit box so no one has to be in the room ? no talking outside the room always displays nothing detected ''
this is mostly made for educational purposes just uploading my findings .
i also tried to document everything i could to help the dev if he ever finds this video .
i do not condone the use of cheating or exploiting the game as rule 6 prohibits .
this video may violate the rule anyways so sorry if does mods it was n't my intention .
this works on any and all spirit boxes in the map as long as they are turned on and the person who is talking to the ghost asking the questions is in the right room and the ghost is a type that can use the spirit box to communicate obviously .
as long as that condition is met difficulty map ghost type and where the spirit box is or has been does not matter at all .
anybody running g.skill trident z rgb 64gb 2x32gb 3600mhz cl16 https www.gskill.com/product/165/166/1604891189/f4-3600c16d-64gtzrtrident-z-rgbddr4-3600mhz-cl16-22-22-42-1.45v64gb 2x32gb f4-3600c16d-64gtzr memory on a x570i/b550i motherboard ?
this is the only 64gb cl16 3600mhz memory i managed to find in my area but worried it might not be compatible with my motherboard asus strix x570i according to the qlv https www.gskill.com/qvl/165/166/1604891189/f4-3600c16d-64gtzr-qvl from g.skill .
so had a look at this it 's essentially pdf 3.0 with crypto and communities and copyright tracking and efficient monitizing plus deflationary plus load of good connections and 480k mcap right now .
the founders julian jordan and steve peaple own agency fish a world renowned publishing company .
they have been developing the platform and the ai since 2019 via their in-house tech firm network fish .
over the next few months they will be scaling our teams in all areas including development .
all tokens from initial funding are locked 6 month .
hi all i 'm new to the medical cannabis in au and can see there are very limited products available in the market .
i wish once we got the approval from tga that the clinics/doctors could prescribe from international dispensaries .
just want to know if there are any products in the au market that share the same strain or characteristics of bruce banner that is one of my favourite strains in canada .
i 'm do n't need to store much 8tb of space will probably be a good start .
but i was just thinking 4 bay to have room to expand .
what it feels like when a bow hits you with power iv
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/neoliberal if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's just an awkward way to take an exam
imo trying to reason why ac games are becoming more action/arcadey-oriented rather than stealth/assassination-oriented gameplay is like when star wars fan try to reason why darth vader looks goofy it 's a design choice by the devs and they most likely reworked the game since origin to what caters to the mass-audience the most .
you need to take some time building up platonic experiences with women to accept they are n't dangerous booby traps .
once covid restrictions have eased i recommend signing up for some arts and craft classes or workshops like beginner painting and pottery .
there will be women in these classes and you can interact and be friendly with them in a safe environment .
to be clear this is not a pipeline for dating .
til american women already use soccer fields as a unit of measurement hell yeah
you 're just as sweet as the drink no probably even sweeter 😘
i found out that what i wanted was n't exactly possible but everything you said will help
takagi san is the manga for those feeling the weight of 2020
het is onmogelijk om intentie te bewijzen en immers mogelijk te verschuilen achter 'ik bedoelde het niet zo ' .
ook niet-racistische goedbedoelende mensen kunnen iets racistisch doen of zeggen .
een actie of een uitspraak of een houding kan racistisch zijn zonder dat de persoon zelf inherent racistisch is of bedoelt .
iedereen heeft een mate van discriminatie in zich bewust of onbewust .
het is overigens heel makkelijk een spookkostuum te onderscheiden van een kkk kostuum .
wel of geen puntmuts lijkt me makkelijk dus je voorbeeld is nogal zwak .
doe hem anders ook met je verkleden als een racistische karaktuur van een chinees persoon inclusief strohoed chopsticks bucktooth en fijngeknepen ogen .
als dan daarna durft te zeggen oh maar ik bedoel het goed want ik ben niet racistisch ... dan prima misschien ben je niet racistisch maar wat je doet is absoluut ongevoelig en negatief stereotyperend en dus racistisch .
nogmaals gedrag en iets zijn zijn twee verschillende dingen .
zwarte piet als idee als gebaar als figuur is overduidelijk en zonder discussie racistisch .
maakt dat iedereen die zp aanhangt per se racistisch ?
kunnen goedbedoelende mensen die het racisme in zp niet zien iets doen wat racistisch is ?
net zoals ik absoluut geen vrouwenhater ben maar zeker weten een keer een seksistische opmerking heb gemaakt in mijn leven .
it does support ip pass-through via ethernet i have my m2 in this configuration connected up to a separate router via it 's ethernet port .
imagine trying to sell your stuff on the grand exchange 28 items at a time .
also some monsters drop noted items so you do n't have to keep running back to the bank to deposit your loot .
its the scottish government not merely the snp that is asking for a referendum .
i think moon is poopoo tbh ascension is wayyy better than moon
honestly i 'm not even mad is kinda of a genius act but it will not work for long
trump could pardon himself or pence can pardon him .
the supreme court will rule in favor of trump because he put them there for a reason .
i never hated her and she was alright for me .
but there were some parts where she annoyed me a lot .
the melbourne model has its ups and downs one downside is you end up studying for longer which may or may not appeal to you .
one is a democrat and the other is a trump supporter with signs all over her yard .
the democrat was hoping to sell her house as they are older and trying to downsize but a lot of folks who went to the open house ended up walking away because they did n't want to live next to a trump supporter as vocal as her neighbor .
of course the trump supporting friend felt discriminated against '' and was the victim as always .
to trump people with signs flags bumper stickers all that weird dumb shit you are being judged constantly by people more rational compassionate and probably intelligent than you and the judgements are not in your favor .
you look like a fucking idiot with a chemical imbalance and are not seen as moral trustworthy or decent people '' by the vast majority of people .
just an anecdotal fyi for all you fucking ridiculous morons still waving that shit around .
you had the nerve to comment back to my comment
... or a reason to comment me back to start an argument .
uh i 'm not the person who made the original comment
and even if i was there 's nothing wrong with replying to a comment you disagree with .
it 's because often these things can be packed to the brim .
to get people to exit and new passengers to enter quickly is key .
i 've been on trains that only stop for 5 minutes at a time .
it 's just a sea of humans pouring in and out often with luggage if it 's an inter state train like this one .
edit the new generation trains like the vande bharat are like super futuristic compared to the older ones .
i wish more people learned about survivorship bias and related statistics .
when i made this tier list egoism for me had good intentions but would lead the world to death chaos and destruction .
after some convincing i would likely move it up 1 or 2 tiers but no higher
would be very happy to 👅 both those tasty looking 🍑
you do n't know what 's under most people 's clothes especially not their pants .
but you still use various other cues to go that 's a man i 'll call him sir '' that 's a woman i 'll call her miss '' etc .
so it 's kind of irrelevant if trans people change their genitals .
what page is saying is basically i know people assume i 'm a woman but i 'm just letting you know i 'm not '' .
yeah you can infer what 's in their pants from the knowledge of them you already have .
but does that lack of knowledge influence how you gender other people ?
or is it the clothes they wear how they speak what they tell you ?
and yeah there is female to male genital reassignment surgery .
but i guess my point is whether trans people get it or not really is n't something that impacts the vast majority of other people and it 's not the defining aspect of who they are their gender and certainly not what they 're telling people when they come out .
i ca n't fault people for being curious and their minds going to this aspect of things because it 's shaking up the idea that men have penises women have vaginas '' which is ingrained into us from a young age .
but it 's a prickly thing even when approached with good faith because of the disconnect i described above cis people and those who are assumed to be cis are rarely questioned or scrutinised over their genitals but it seems like fair game with trans people and that gets tiring and dehumanising and honestly a little weird .
some people not saying you necessarily seem to care especially more about trans women 's dicks than trans women do about their own .
you ca n't teach ms how to name things .
they have done it so consistently bad that it has to be part of a policy or for legal reasons .
funny enough i 've been doing well with xayah jhin noobs trying out the lethality build are just free lp .
i think i 'm going to give it a try as a planner .
i ordered a wonderland 222 as my journal to her every day !
yeah the writing for that scene does n't make any sense .
then why the fuck is he trying to stop us at all ?
now we opened up the portal and he got what he wanted '' .
aight dude.. you could have had it a lot faster if you would have just let us do our thing .
they dont do all the loot on the show .
if the first two digit of your 5600xt serial number is 19 i suggest you do so .
you have been bonked by a member of the r/bonkpatrol
this is a good point but i also think video game consumers mostly look to reviews for confirmation bias .
cod for example someone that likes the game just dismisses criticism .
i suppose i agree with the technicalities of his points it was n't truly a wr attempt due to everything he listed but he just comes across as sour grapes .
i love breasts areolas and nipples of all sizes love💗💗💗💗💗💗💗
a person of latin american origin or descent used as a gender-neutral or nonbinary alternative to latino or latina .
‘i get an idea i grab the shield and axe handle '
surprised they actually caught it before twitch prime bots flooded it
it was a botch but he did not land on his head .
trump is the source of all the worlds troubles .
soft yta you committed to something that they were really looking forward to .
of course they 're going to be upset when you pull out .
would n't you be if the roles were reversed ?
or at least licking you while you came to help make it more intense and you could bathe my tongue with your squirt when you came !
i work with students for whom english is not their first language and i understand there are many reasons they may not be engaged.. the reasons you mentioned .
i know i have at least one student if not more who works full time outside of school .
but she is also a very motivated student and wants to learn .
i 've had already a handful of students who have dropped out since the beginning of the year .
i think what is happening is a shift in the importance of a formal education obviously for so many people they went through high school and maybe even college and they are still struggling financially because of not having an employable skill set or lots of student loans .
so then i ask myself what is the benefit of our system if we 're only helping those students who are naturally academically inclined and motivated ?
good luck with whatever decision you make about school it is difficult for teachers to watch their students drop out .
you are asking a question that can be answered by one or more of the following resources
questions that can be answered easily by these resources are not permitted on r/fitness .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitness if you have any questions or concerns .
so you are getting paid to experiment and have fun basically
tyson is currently in the hot seat again for placing betting pools on how many employees would contract covid-19 .
i think this meme would make more sense if it said eastern civilization
all i said was republican or democrat she 's freaking out and you said i say the n word and i 'm a troll ?
oh another thing you say in a troll for using quotes even though that 's exactly what you did ...
makes you wonder ... if we ran 'candidates ' under a 'trump ' party banner like the gop likes to prop up green party candidates ...
i 'm not even sure i want xiao now ...
i love the whole demon slayer thing he has going on but design wise i find him to look a little messy too many accessories and colors and i already have diluc and childe albeit my love hate relationship with them so idk if i need another dps .
i guess i 'll just save until i find another husbando character that i can use my guaranteed pity on hopefully there will be design leaks so i have something to look forward to
i mostly experienced this when someone replied too quickly after i sent the message .
to the point i 'd check again a few minutes later and if they did n't respond by then normally i 'd get the notification the next time .
one of my buddies was top .001 for future ... he might have a problem
yeah but if you have the song playing x3 simultaneously the lyrics are going to sound like gibberish
we come out with a new vaccine for it every year .
if you get the vaccine you do n't get the flu that year .
the internet bullshit that brought him all his wealth and fame ... ?
i got zhongli and honestly he seems pretty bad .
is there some proper way to use him for more damage/utility ?
he just seems lackluster next to other 5 stars .
hmmmm even fully grown he/she might need a friend to help fill that nice looking bed !
no no you take the shroomies and the pit bulls see you are a kindred spirit and would never think of ever biting you .
and my top 2 songs were ariana grande songs .
if she can handle the australian sun she can handle the indian sun .
weird title hell let loose is a mp ww2 shooter and moh is an sp game with mp elements .
also hll is n't mentioned in the video lol .
would n't recommend ever refining 5 weps unless you whale hard or have plenty of copies .
😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱 i ca n't put this emoji enough times to fully express my shock and happiness !
you will need praxis jewellery chests in legions or getting very lucky on vaal outpost nodes .
i bro i legit got a little misty eyed u 3 bro i 'm so happy i could help '' you can absolutely got this bro 3 3 3
messi is also the only player to win 2 trebles .
if it breaks the rules downvote this comment and report the post .
a new moratorium has been instated as of march 25th 2020 .
funny numbers 420 69 100 etc skyrim stats baby yoda nice '' memes are all prohibited until further notice .
if this post violates the moratorium please report it .
imagine walking into a store and pulling out a single nickel and a penny and getting all these
when i couldnt get my money transferred to my bank for whatever all the stupid bullshit reasons were i got a debit card .
would not let me reset my account or do anything to fix it because i got married since the account was opened .
it was only 200 but shit i can only imagine how hard they could fuck you with more .
please remember there are real people on the other side of the monitor and to be kind .
report comments that break the rules and do n't respond to negativity with negativity !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/comics if you have any questions or concerns .
i managed a team of 120 where approximately 20 were my direct reports .
i would suggest my new managers take a disc assessment and understand where you are and what your strengths and weaknesses are .
it 's hard to improve if you do n't know where you are starting .
i also tell my new managers think of the top 5 things that they dislike with their job what are they ?
now practice to yourself how you will make them better .
what are you going to tell your employees when they come to you with these things be prepared for hard conversations .
think up problems you 've seen and might see again and think through how you would support your team overcome .
would be better if it were 3 cents cheaper but the waltons always seemed a religious bunch
does not apply when replying to this stickied comment .
what this means please keep any meta '' discussion directed at specific users mods or r/conspiracy in general in this comment chain only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
try reseating the video card check the cables run an antivirus and anti-malware use a program remover with residue remover and reinstall the software
do not use amd auto-detect download the correct version directly
i was legit expecting you to be an amputee but this is much worse .
dudeeeeeeee enjoy yakuza 5 one of the best games ever .
demon souls is keeping me pretty busy right now though .
hosting karaoke has been my main job for 15 years .
i have 4 best of '' awards on my wall more than any other host in town .
karaoke is not illegal here but i will not go back to work .
i am depressed and lonely and i get at least one message a week often 4 or 5 asking when i 'll be back .
my conscience could n't handle knowing i risked anyone 's life .
they tried to blame the entire month of december for the extremely long delays of pre-ordered copies of mid .
yes the charge was completed and they get to pile in and consolidate .
however they do not get to fight anything that was n't the original target of the charge unless that enemy unit intervened .
the fact you 're looking for this attention is even sadder
i will it 's currently 1:11 in the morning for me rn but i will tomorrow
lol im still working on my project from 2011 too .
just never ask me about it you entitled fucker .
he should just get robin hobb to do it .
it helped for a while but i did n't feel great and also have an ed so i struggled with weight gain
you 're in the top percentile meaning you 've listened to more of that artist than most
i 'm definitely in agreement that prison is abused .
i know thanksgiving has come and gone but better late than never .
red artifact reanimation direct to battlefield daretti scrap savant goblin welder goblin engineer trash for treasure
white artifact reanimation direct to battlefield artifact specific bringer of the white dawn open the vaults refurbish roar of reclamation triumphant reckoning
white permanent reanimation direct to battlefield can pull artifacts emeria shepherd profound journey sevine 's reclamation sun titan
white historic reanimation direct to battlefield can pull artifacts teshar ancestor 's apostle
white returns them to hand most of the time but white also has more options to return them to the battlefield .
red only has one card to return to hand pia 's revolution .
white just has more cards that involve it in general .
okay for a second i thought that was an oc that you put in a limbless hajime situation .
hello u/stowawaykid your post has been automatically removed because of a short non-descriptive or low effort title .
sure you found it on facebook or some other place but how does it make you feel ?
you 're allowed to resubmit with a better more descriptive title and honestly we hope you do .
if you 're really struggling or believe this removal was in error report this comment and a mod will check it out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/choosingbeggars if you have any questions or concerns .
so hold those two buttons down and then fire ?
i 'm pretty sure that 's what i do but nothing explodes lol
highly recommend this video for anyone who wants to watch a priest play doom https youtu.be/z8552ikc8v4 https youtu.be/z8552ikc8v4
no one that i know of never gotten killed by an animal before .
i respect your decision to wan na love and protect animals .
i really do but vegans will attack me because i eat meat .
do vegans show any kind of sympathy for those who get eaten by an animal .
or are vegans just people that hates humanity just because of what they eat ?
it 's not like he 's a us congressman or representative that would normally have a national voice
your post was removed due to your account having low karma .
karma is earned through posting and commenting on threads throughout reddit .
this filter is in place to help fight spam from new low karma accounts .
please note that this karma restriction only applies to new posts you are free to comments on threads as you please .
the subreddit has a pinned support thread that you can post on that is not karma restricted .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/roblox if you have any questions or concerns .
he can accelerate from the beginning and provide the starts that india needs .
a kind friend on the internet traced my yorkshire family back to 1820 .
we learned that the hard way after getting one guppy for my daughter 's fish tank .
another fun discovery was that they can shoot out babies multiple times from being pregnant once .
it was an endless supply of unwanted guppy babies .
those are about as near perfect as big boobs get congratulations and thank you .
greetings i just found this community a few months ago !
they fell from 5th in bowen 's final season to 8th then 11th .
then they recovered to 3rd when they added leonard .
i legitimately thought it was a real life 3d figure of variks .
honestly from what i 've seen a lot of people seem to treat attraction to lolis as a sort of implied guilty pleasure '' sort of thing .
you just have to try your best to ignore it
your post breaks rule 6 of r/mildlyinteresting and has been removed .
as a result this may count as an infraction .
more information can be found on our wiki page https www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/wiki/index wiki_moderation_policy .
please read the rules in the sidebar on desktop hover your mouse over each rule or under about this community on mobile and contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmildlyinteresting with a link to this post if you feel this was wrongfully removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mildlyinteresting if you have any questions or concerns .
reading black sun now by roanhorse and it 's so good !
listened to his podcast and paid attention to what he 's done since the primaries in 2016 .
he does n't want to be a girl though .
a trans girl would want to be a real girl and they would be very happy if their gender was swapped .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
like who the fuck do you think you are questioning the medical expertise of someone like fauci because you read some unhinged blog post about plandemic .
he did ban muslims from the country you knuckle dragging dip shit .
it was just so laden with logistical issues and bullshit that it eventually had to be rescinded because he 's an incompetent racist who ca n't do anything right .
i just had this too but then i updated my app tried again and then got the ‘stories ' to see the stats
i was 15 and at the mall of america with my mom sister and two female cousins .
they went into some shop like forever 21 or something i was n't interested in so i waited at the caribou 's seating area outside the store on my ipod touch .
idk if the guy thought i was homeless or needed a pick me up but a random stranger came up to me and handed me a 20 saying jesus loves you dawg '' .
i looked at the money he handed me then glanced in the direction he walked in and he was gone .
you say things and then act like i 'm crazy for claiming that you said them .
yes most of my calculations would be 1 at a time so goals cards corners etc .
i was trying to think of an american analogy as i assumed more people on here would be american and more familiar with nfl but the actual calculation maybe does n't work as well .
i 'll read up on skellam though as i 've not needed to use that so far !
unfortunately your submission was removed for breaching our rules refresh your inbox and re-read the rules if you ca n't see why .
you have three hours to re-submit a corrected version before this becomes your one post for this week .
if you experience difficulty re-posting do not contact the moderators without quoting or linking the error message received from the site .
replies to this automated message will not be seen .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
the room definitely has a traditional escape room mechanic in that you are constantly going back and forth between rooms to connect pieces of the puzzle together .
but there are multiple rooms '' unlike traditional escape rooms so it does n't get boring .
there are definitely magical or i would use the terms mystical '' or supernatural '' elements to the game/puzzles so you are n't just doing standard puzzle things like memorizing shapes/patterns .
it is an awesome game and one of the prettiest on quest .
i also think you could play it out similarly with your wife where you guys independently work through the rooms simultaneously and perhaps offer hints to the other if one gets stuck .
game time can vary a lot depending on how good at puzzles you are and willingness not use hints .
i think 4-5 hours is probably average but i know i took my time just staring at the visuals and effects often and i was n't trying to rush so i spent probably 6-7 hours with it .
there 's wacky people telling me here that cane sugar is paleo .
it 's a science fiction book and the science part did n't age all that well but it 's very entertaining if you do n't mind all the science parts right or wrong .
the new thing i 've been saying to those people recently is that in every apocalypse/zombie/alien invasion movie the people who die first are the people who keep going about their normal lives .
i 'm gon na listen to the scientist on tv and hunker down until the air is safe to breathe again .
i 'd rather be a survivor than a victim thank you very much .
if you are a us citizen the fbi has an ldp called special advisors .
all through the interview process they stress on the 40 hour work week and the work/life balance .
sorry i do not i have moonlight chunks but not moonshade .
i would tell them they must be crazy if they seriously think what you said is worse .
she chooses her religion you do n't choose who you are .
it would have been easier to fix the stupid trans act which put so many roadblocks on documentation for trans people clubs in intersex trans and third-gender and completely ignores non-binary identities .
i actually like the way that producers finalise series before they get terrible .
aliens terminator 2 the matrix back to the future ii rocky iv .
they clearly know when to call it a day .
if this is a raid be sure to leave a comment with your in game name .
if the host adds you assume you are doing the raid and do not spam other posts please .
host please make sure to only add those who are doing the raid !
do not leave the raid with less than 20 seconds left !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongoraids if you have any questions or concerns .
we 've already seen the cars decide intersections are too much and reroute so i think it 's safe to assume they 'll be able to see if a road looks bad and avoid it .
also note the fact they do have a pretty up to date look at most roads given the traffic data which is sourced from their fleet now
29.5 kg of feces or manure daily that 's 12 tons 908 kg a year .
we should really just get the mushroom as a pet since the model and animations already exist ...
i have a b550 board already purchased still in box that i ca n't use because i 'm on a back order list for 5600x for 400 cad .
if i did n't already have the board i would have jumped on this in a heartbeat !
i was right behind them we talked for a short while in line .
there was an issue with their computers so we were in there for some time
not to mention i 'm annoyingly observant i 'm a blast to watch movies with 😂
this was the point where bernie should have come to tulsi yang and warren offered them real cabinet positions if they supported him .
tulsi could have been sec of defense yang sec .
even tom steyer might have been open to it if he was offered a position where he could make real change maybe the head of the epa or something .
they needed to fight fire with fire like the nba when one super team forms..
been searching everywhere to see how to watch it and when it comes out ca n't find it but will update if i do ...
who says labuschagne and finch wo n't give him a cushion ?
billie eilish all the good girls go to hell https open.spotify.com/track/6irdlkiys4p7xnip8r6rsx
money is not the key to happiness but it does provide comfort
this and krytos trap are my favorites in the series .
i know i 'm in the minority but i preferred stackpole 's books over allston 's .
so be careful with thelight seedlings are vry sensitive to direct light .
lmao they called a dr. armstrong our variance on it for that ! ? ! ?
trying to fit something as complex as intelligence a brain into 'healthy ' or 'not-healthy ' is a whole other kettle of fish as well .
https imgur.com/a/2m8qpmr pics design update got it designed in fusion now so well its more or less done .
you need to put your utmost priorities on the lsit too e.g if you have a physics and maths test in 3 days and a biology test in 2 weeks you should put physics and amths as your priority on your lidtz and leave biology out .
i do n't have low expectations of my partner .
not being able to expect your partner to close the toilet after they use it as a potty trained adult is an awfully low expectation .
i 'm not saying that 1k guy is correct entirely but to say that new computers are completely fine is probably somewhat incorrect too because people have reported issues on their new builds throughout number of occasions .
i 'm extremely confident my powerball numbers will win this week ... just like i was last week ... and the week before that and..well you get the joke
ma amuza cum vine usr cu el premier desemnat cand in 2016 sustinut de ambele partide a fost atat de apreciat ca a luat psd 46 din mandate in parlament .
it truly boggles the mind that this dems will take our guns '' shit is still a mantra on the right given it has literally never happened .
nothing demonstrates right-wingers ' lack of critical thinking as much as this particular issue .
i mean you can get by without those but you might want to use some if then statements i.e .
only insert inputs for this factory once this chest if full of more important stuff .
i feel for the poor folk trying to measure for blinds
it 's hard to pick a best since they are all so different but i 'll go with educated .
worst was probably the subtle art of not giving a f*ck
loa and being a deliberate creator is about getting ahead of things .
not somehow magically changing bitter fruit into sweet fruit .
if you buy a ticket get in a plane and jump out of said plane without a parachute and say smugly oh yeah ?
now how can i use loa to get out of this ? ! ''
well enjoy the ride it will be over soon .
there is too much momentum and you are under the law of gravity .
if you plant and tend to a seed for months and right before the fruit is about to drop you stop watering it it does n't matter .
the fruit will still be ready and you have to eat the fruit eventually .
from my own little corner of the earth i like to think that around the tail end of the 2000 's there was a good chance that russia and japan could move towards a mutually beneficial solution for the kuril islands issue .
ultimately everything fell apart because a certain japanese official involved in it crossed someone powerful and was completely destroyed politically putting all efforts and talks back to square one where they remain to this day .
so he at least try to figure out who robbed him ?
think pyro was my most listened to of the year .
so easy to put on and just never gets old .
the omnissiah and the emperor are the same god .
much like how the father the son and the holy spirit are all god in catholic liturgy
there 's some more ppl in the comment who will help you .
i use my boyfriend for that so i do n't know the ...
get verified to post original content on this sub .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/maturemilf if you have any questions or concerns .
by ecosystem lockdown i 'm mean that accessories from samsung apple or google wo n't necessarily work perfectly with devices from other brands .
gon na be a fun game next week battle of the hausers
on the upside you ca n't really ask for better 8 and 9 batsmen
i think its a mockery of the sport because at that point people are n't paying to watch a boxing match they 're paying to watch someone get knocked out and its almost guaranteed to happen .
i 'm not even kidding i think it 'd be immoral for most places to sanction said fight .
if your husband wants to spend time with his family why does n't he get the hotel room for himself and have them gather there ?
and then he can quarantine there for 2 weeks before he comes home .
no they did n't they have a law to release the bad things that they did not to mention uae intentionally bombed a block of 12 year olds in an academy .
at least u will be getting crafting metals to get another skin
hm ... yes but also it can be more aesthetic to have a clean base .
so aside from any ideas of pretty when you 're painting a wall you spack filler the holes and plaster before you do any fun colours or if you paint a canvas you prime it first to make it even and uniform before you go wild .
i see foundation as part of makeup in that light to a certain extent
if you have n't provided the information already please share the following to help epic games
do you have a link to video/screenshots depicting the issue ?
reminder with the release of next gen consoles it 's important to include which platform you 're on
should there be a need members of the epic games community team may reach out to you with additional questions .
this action was performed automatically and the bot is unable to determine if your post meets the criteria .
r/fortnitebr moderators are unaffiliated with epic games and are in no way associated with the epic games community team that may reach out to users .
please contact the moderators of r/fortnitebr if you have an issue with the subreddit
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitebr if you have any questions or concerns .
what gender you feel '' is really a matter of identity and how you feel .
a lot of non-binary people do n't even care about male/female and identify with none with both with a different one in-between and so on .
for example some might relate their gender to how a sex would feel while others relate their gender to things completelly out of the human realm or ones that vary see aliengender or genderfluid as two examples .
this reason is why some trans people have surgeries and go on hormones to fit how their gender would feel while others are happy without doing it and their transition sometimes just takes pronouns or just to be identified as something that is n't male/female or neither
important scarring is a valid reason to struggle it 's not a superficial '' concern ... just because she 's a girl does n't mean that caring about her physical appearance is superficial .
writing a female character does n't have always have to be about fighting stereotypes .
i know that if i were to get intensively scarred i would freak out like 99 of the population .
the way she sees herself has been established as an important part of her character having that explored and see how she would cope with it and eventually rise above it is n't a bad idea .
pretty girls with facial scars is actually pretty rare in anime/manga so i would want to see how horikoshi execute it .
plus it would give her something to bond over with shoto and give me a reason to actually care about her beside her big 3 status .
engineer because i cant aim pyro because i want to kill all the soldiers who fucked up with me and demoman because hes technically a lot of classes in one so when im not playing well with demoman i 'switch ' to demoknight .
how do you expect to love others if you ca n't accept yourself ?
to love others you 'll need to appreciate that their faulty and broken too ... but you 'll need to accept them despite their issues .
i was 12-13 when i spent a summer with my paternal grandparents .
when the summer was over and my grandmother drove me home i suddenly burst into tears and begged her to let me stay with her .
my mom 's house was bad my mom was working full time and when she was n't working she was partying bringing home drunk strange men and forcing me to cater to them while they leered at my 2 years elder sister .
my sister in turn had gone completely hog wild having sex drinking and doing drugs at 14-15 years old .
when they were home there was always fighting and screaming every multiple times a days over small things .
either my mom ignored my existence or was snooping through my stuff to prove what a bad kid i was and micromanaged me .
i kept a go-bag in my room for when i finally got up the courage to run .
i kept a knife under my pillow in preparation for the night a drunk man would wander into my room to assault me .
my mother dragged my sister and me with her to stalk a man and we watched her be assaulted by his wife .
i did n't understand how bad it was until i spent those 2 months with my grandparents there was no snooping no screaming no micromanaging and so much positive attention and quality time together .
i was n't talked down to or yelled at that i was stupid .
the crippling depression that had plagued me since early childhood had n't reared it 's ugly head in months .
before there were 3 or 4 day spans i was so depressed that i laid in bed the entire time not eating or bathing and contemplating soiling myself so i would n't have to get up .
i did n't know this was n't normal no one sought help for me they just screamed that i was lazy and physically forced me from bed .
i think something in my eyes must 've told my grandma i was serious when i cried hysterically that i would die in that house .
as soon as i had seen it i felt the depression returning and the suicidal thoughts .
she moved me in and my mom cried she said i was her baby and i could n't leave her i felt so bad about the decision but i knew that if i went back i 'd slit my own wrists before school could start the next week to escape the agony of living in that home .
i 'm 26 now but i remember being that teenage girl heart breaking over hurting my mother but desperate to save myself .
op i hope you see this i ca n't express to you how glad i am for that day my grandmother went to bat for me and took me in .
sometimes you have to be the adult and choose the option that 's best for you even when the person you trusted to make that decision in your childhood is telling you that it 's wrong .
welcome to adulthood you 're going to learn so much along the way but the biggest lesson is to always do the right thing .
and here the right thing is taking care of you .
not necessarily,3 great players are still gonma earn more points than 2 great player and 2 meh players .
of course teamwork based games gon na suck for them bingo sands of time build mart but they 'll probably stomp other games especially pvp and parkour .
make sure you follow them or you get gulaged .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youseecomrade if you have any questions or concerns .
may be very small amount of people had seen that fatality .
well we still end up knowing that dvd apparently knew details about rain 's fatality a week before it was released .
so i do n't buy the excuse that he hold off to that information to protect his identity .
i ai n't gon na cap and say i fucked with his music like that but he always seemed aight .
him staying after cheating is n't loyalty he 's figured out he can do whatever he pleases and you 're going to put up with it .
some youtubers are ok but i think other yt people went to fortnite then back to roblox probably but still people like flamingo has a bad fanbase
unfortunately your submission has been automatically removed because it seems that the same content has been posted in the recent past .
this violates rule 2 of our subreddit but do n't worry there are no further consequences to this .
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
except i did n't have any open slot so i pushed and pushed until it proposed me to exchange with one of my villager .
a trans person is not the gender that they were assigned at birth .
a cis person is the same gender as they were assigned at birth .
get verified to post original content on this sub .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/maturemilf if you have any questions or concerns .
but i need to buy a phone for someone else .
they do n't do too much but they use phones as their main internet machine and apps for their important services .
as it stands the two best options look to be either
the galaxy is cheaper has somewhat better reviews and has android 10 .
i 'm not sure how much of a big deal it is to have 10 over 9 .
the lg is a bit pricier but larger with a longer battery life double the storage but has android 9 pie .
so i 've been restricting for 2 years and a few months ago i noticed my bones starting to crack and pop way more than normal .
i also lost my period for a while at the same time and my pelvis bone started cracking a lot .
this concerned me because i know anorexia can lead to osteoporosis .
over time it 's just gotten worse and i 'll have random surges of pain in my bones .
i also think according to my measurements i 've gotten shorter .
i was 5'10 but now i think i 'm around 5'9-5'8 and it 's terrifying .
is anyone else experiencing something like this and can anyone explain it ?
a place for members of r/kitbattle to chat with each other
not to mention beal is much younger than westbrook and would obviously be considered the face of the franchise .
how do you think this will effect russ and his mindset going into this season
the only 3 ingredients are cheese butter and bread .
it 's great for trying something new because it 's pretty simple and not too much of a waste if you throw it out and it 's also great if these are some of your safe foods because it 's a new way to eat food you 're already comfortable with .
hi hi i 'm new to this reddit but i had a question i wanted to ask u guys .
i want to start to post dance covers on my instagram .
should i post them as actual videos or as 30 sec reels .
thank u to the people who took time to answer 🥺
examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links
i remember back in the day on the lululemon website there was a section that was kind of a seasonal look book .
i always love seeing how they style the front website page but i wish there were more of these images to give me some inspiration !
i find myself getting stuck in patterns of habit and falling into a rut .
where does everyone get their inspiration for keeping their looks fresh ?
i find myself checking in on lululemon 's global ambassadors ' social media accounts for ideas sometimes and will sometimes take screenshots of model photos if there is an interesting colour pairing or something .
if you want companionship you should find friends instead .
your child would not necessarily like the same things you like .
also they are n't obligated to stick with you when they legally become adults .
i know i will get some flak for saying this but i think it is perfectly okay for people to ghost their parents if they want to even if they were good parents .
alternatively if you hate socializing with people then maybe get pets instead ?
they 're so much easier to take care of and they would hardly cause a mess .
also while we are discussing about this why do people find it acceptable to force their kids interact with they 're relatives just because they 're family ! '' ?
no one should be obligated to talk to people they do n't want to and being related should not be used to guilt-trip them .
i mean i think the vast majority of people would n't like being forced to talk to coworkers they do n't like and they certainly would n't like it if i was like but they 're coworkers ! ''
maybe this is just me being salty and bitter because i had abusive parents and dread family gatherings with a burning passion but i really feel like there are infinitely better ways to seek companionship if you want one so badly .
the last time i played this game i got my ass handed to me at giruvegan .
what 's the best weapons to use or craft at the bazaar before going there ?
edit i will not be using any invisible weapons for this playthrough .
so i thought i 'd be creative and look up the family history of serial killer ted bundy for this day of '' .
aaaand ... according to familysearch.org i 'm his 11th cousin once removed .
truly love this community for always being there to answer so many questions for a first time brittany owner like myself !
i was just wondering is anyone has any helpful tips or tricks they use with their brittany to stop the shedding at least decrease it a little !
i was still reeling from my third divorce to a woman i 'd known since elementary school .
a girl i 'd taken to a high school dance .
i thought this is as bad as it could ever get .
that 's when something happened to make me forget all about my troubles with my latest ex .
i find out that my first wife who i was only married to for 18 months was in hospice .
we divorced when i was 23 and she was 20 .
we did n't talk again until 17 years later when we had a short intense affair .
flash forward 11 years and i find out she 's dying .
in my mind i 'd always assumed we 'd raise the children we 'd each had with other partners find each other again and then spend our golden years together .
she was the love of my life and now she 's really truly leaving me for good this time .
and that is how you get over a fresh divorce .
hello i 'm about to buy a used msi p75 creator 469 i9 32gb 1tb fhd but i 'm a bit worried about the display quality .
i 'm a photographer and now i have a dell xps 15 9570 with the beautiful super bright with zero bleeding display not oled .
what do you think about the msi p75 469 display ?
do you know the panel model to search for it on panelook ?
does anybody compared it with a dell xps panel ?
so i had heard that he was taking a break because of all the covid-19 stuff going on but i ca n't seem to either find a source for that or was verifying that was true .
so i was just wondering if there had been any update on the situation or if the reasoning for his hiatus has been explained ?
i love romance novels because they give me a nice break from reality but sometimes i have to really suspend my disbelief .
i am currently reading my favorite half-night stand. the five main characters are all friends .
the ml and fl are 31 and 29 respectively .
while the ages of the others are n't provided i assume they 're all in the same age range .
turns out all five characters are all professors at a university — one who just got tenure .
i just find that a little hard to believe .
reminds me of how the ‘friends ' characters could afford their apartments in nyc .
i maybe overthinking this a bit or that i 'm becoming a bit sensitive about age .
why are n't there more women in romance novels in their 30s ?
why ca n't they just have regular jobs instead of being these rock stars in their career fields .
i 'm more apt to believe a woman in her 30s as a prof than one in her 20s .
i taught a few college courses as an adjunct .
my friend and i both made a discord server and are looking for new members !
if you 're into anime or talking about music too you can do it here !
we can chat and play games together as well as doing netflix parties !
age range is 16-30 and must be a girl !
i 've been trying for months now 4 i think ?
i 've tried on and off different methods and.. nothing .
i affirm i even affirm that i 'm great at visualisation but i see no difference .
i 've gotten close using raven method once where i felt like my entire body was spinning .
i ca n't grasp the characters ' character '' in my dr so say.. a character with a very complicated personality ?
i feel like if i visualise i 'll get his/her character wrong .
so i 'm scared in my dr they 'll end up like that even if scripted otherwise .
but apart from that i ca n't even visualise to begin with .
imagine you 're in a house is it raining outside ? ''
whether my pov or like some camera in the room like a scene i ca n't imagine it .
worse so is that i have no grasp on senses like imagine something you can smell taste feel hear '' i ca n't .
i 've tried but i ca n't even imagine it .
i have autism among other things and i 'm very afraid it 's keeping me from shifting .
no tough love of any sort please i 'm a very sensitive person which is why i wan na go home .
so i just bought a logitech mx master 3 i have been enjoying it so far but i haven´t figured out how to set the thumb wheel sensitivity for my firefox or chrome browser .
sometimes it takes a little bit of scrolling to navigete through tabs but sometimes i just scroll it a little a it travels through 5 tabs so fast it is impossible to stop at the tab i want .
hi my name is cooper and i really fucked up..
because i 've put her in enough shit i 'll change her name to beth beth and i met over instagram and we started hitting it off and such ... . it becomes apparent we constantly send each other nudes and save them and whatever and we started to love each other but it kinda fell through and we both decided to just stay as good friends .
one day i get this dm from some girl named ashley and she says she wants a boyfriend and whatever and asks for nudes ... now here is where i begin my spiral into being a complete asshole .
i sent her porn photos and video and such because i just wasnt really feeling it that day then she says something along the lines of come on please just give me actual nudes..
and so for some really dumb reason i thought hey she would n't find out at all so what could go wrong ? '' .
so i sent her a nude of beth and it turns out ashley is actually a guy and saved the photo and really wanted to know who both was .
so i told him to fuck off and never talk to her and blocked him .
a couple days later i get a message from beth and shes really fucking confused and pissed off because some how that ashley guy found her instagram even tho i wasnt following her she didnt have any photos has no information in her bio nothing .
to this day i have no idea how he found her.. i try to move on from my mistakes with what i did but it never leaves me alone and i constantly think about it every day .
i seriously regret doing that 200000 because not only did i send some stranger a nude that wasnt even mine but i lost a really cute and loving friend .
i swear on my peice of garbage life that i 'll never ever do that again and i really mean it .
i miss her alot but we both ... well mainly her agreed to never talk to each other .
man even i cant believe i did that could 've done literally anything else but nope.. i had to ruin a solid friendship and break my morals .
if you 're still reading thank you for taking the time and reading my mistakes .
i hope i could get atleast some type of forgiveness even tho i 'd want her to forgive me .
thank you thank you and stay safe and especially dont do what i did !
i was progressing through the story line without any guide and i picked bronze tombstone because of a story i hear when i was a kid .
now i found out my tombstone is bronze colored is there a way to change it ?
i like doing these questionnaires and they usually get good responses so here 's another one .
as always you do n't have to answer everything it 's more designed to start a conversation anyway .
do you prefer lying down standing sitting or something else when masturbating ?
have you ever used a shower head or something similar to masturbate ?
what household objects have you used if any toothbrush brush handle etc .
i think that 's enough questions for now happy to ask more .
i 'm just writing this post to let everyone know that everything is moving along quite smoothly and that this project is far from dead .
those of you in the discord server know this obviously but for those of you who prefer to be reddit only this may be some valuable news .
many things are in the creation process and i 'm working on a few things myself .
a description of these projects are as follows a new official spreadsheet which has all of the correct parts and characters as opposed to the unofficial idea spreadsheet which has everything and a new scp-like website where everyone can submit their own stands users with little restriction .
the bovc catalogue and the spreadsheet will release upon completion so they might take a bit of time .
until then enjoy the amazing writing of our team .
i got 22 demos playing gold 1-3 i honestly think that is really good .
what is the world record for most demos in ranked 3v3s ?
recently i managed to acquire a series x stressful af .
with next gen i 'm upgrading my setup entirely since i 've basically been stuck in the ps3/360 era with a 720p tv and cheap headphones .
and so i 'm in the market for new headphones !
i 've been eyeing the arctis 9x for when i get paid after doing some research but i 'm still a bit undecided on what headphones to buy especially having never used wireless before .
i 'm a hardcore single player only type of guy and am wondering how these headphones compare to other brands like the astro a50 and such .
am wondering from other gamers considering price is no object and i 'm focused on sound quality alone are the 9x the best for the job here ?
i keep thinking about this over and over again but it 's really sickening because i 've only known her for a week .
we met through snapchat and she is 100 my type .
we 've facetimed everyday and she 's always smiling and casually flirting with me but whenever i bring up the topic of her and i talking she shuts it down saying we 're just friends .
i know it 's been a week but sometimes my overthinking really comes in handy and is right .
i 'm thinking she 's just doing this for attention and she 's leading me on .
or should i just play it out and see how things go .
btw she is 2 hours away and i know for a fact she is n't a catfish .
i do n't think she 's necessarily using me but she flirts a lot without knowing it .
tldr ca n't tell if this girl is just using me messing with my feelings
however i can drink lone star/lagers with a lot more ease .
edit i 've since had shiner after a meal and not gotten sick .
hello i have recently struggled with a bit of a crush nothing massive but the only thing i feel bad about is the guilt .
i have n't had a boyfriend but i am not desperate to enter a relationship .
i do feel lonely however and would like one .
i 'm also a mega virgin which i do n't mind at all lol .
i however get unrequited crushes and it hurts me a lot .
i am not outgoing in a flirty sense i am extremley awkward and if i have a crush i wo n't look them in the eye .
i will keep my head down as i have this idea it is selfish wrong and disgusting of the idea of placing that on someone .
i have a terrible relationship with my family a the moment and i have become very depressed due to this .
i have no confidence to ask someone out but if i do they most certainly do not want me back .
now this is ok but my issue is i have this idea that if someone wants me to not like me they can say whatever they want to me and i am at this point where i have been called prudish for turning down someone i am not interested in and then told i have too high standards .
or being told that i 'm not in their league '' or something and i have to deal '' with this strange heirarchy of attraction whatever that means .
if i have then made a comment about how i feel alone and in a situation without love due to home issues .
i am labelled incel desperate obsessed ect and i do not go on about it all the time .
i have been bottling this up for a few years .
i feel guilty after every crush thanks to these comments so much so i refuse to go out of my way and flirt .
i use tinder but i have in my mind no right to flirt .
if i flirt i mentally punish myself as if i have hurt someone .
i have been sexually abused btw so maybe that adds to it ?
i have never been out there with crushes the first guy i rejected said i was a prude the 2nd guy said so because he thought i was a feminist at the time i was not and the desperate parts recently when i told them about a crush but had a problem with my ocd anx hyperchondria making me suicidal and alone .
i am trying to ve self aware by not going for crushes what is it ?
first time poster here apologies in advance if i broke any rules do n't think i did .
i was hoping you could shed some light on something .
at the end of this post i have the explanation i got from the building handyman but i am skeptical .
first some context i live in a highrise building built in the late 70s 30 floors has a water well on the roof .
my issue is that i 've been getting inconsistent behavior on the cold water coming out of my kitchen faucet
when i first turn it on for the day it 'll be anywhere from cool to slightly lukewarm .
i would then need to run it anywhere from 2 to 4 mins in order to get the water to be a chilling cold temp .
once it reaches its top cold it stays that way for as long as i have the faucet running .
when i shut the faucet off and turn it on later the cycle repeats .
sometimes leaving it off for just 10 minutes will produce cool/lukewarm water again and i have to run it for that 2 to 4 min span to get cold water .
sometimes the cold water is good for a couple of hours
one other piece of info which may be useful the building recently had to replace the valves on the boiler i do n't know the details .
ever since then the hot water coming out of the faucet is scalding .
could it be that somewhere in the building some of the hot water is leaking into the cold water pipes ?
note this issue with my cold water happens even if i have n't turned on the hot water at all for the day .
i asked the building handyman he says that the cold water temp fluctuates because of water that 's been sitting in the pipes and raisers whatever those are inside the building and that this internal water would be less cold than the water coming out of the well from the roof outside .
he says i need to run it for a couple of mins because i 'm essentially flushing out the stagnant water and that this is normal/nothing he can do about it .
i am using the obs as a virtual camera to use in google meet .
i tried using both vlc video source and media source to play the music but google meet does n't capture it only my mic audio .
i tried to record in obs and it captures the audio with no problem .
any solution to this problem or any alternative i can do ?
i 've written quite a few short stories but i have n't gotten around to submitting very many to different venues .
i 'm pretty busy with other things most of the time so i prefer to spend my free time writing rather than submitting even though i know i need to submit to lots of places before actually getting something published .
for me finding venues and figuring out their requirements is the part that takes the longest .
i feel like there should be some kind of service out there for writers that automates the submission process .
after all the process of submitting is ridiculously cheap from a computational perspective so it makes sense for some business to have mapped out a bunch of venues and do the service of submitting for writers in exchange for a small fee or small percentage of the compensation if the manuscript actually gets published .
but i 'm yet to find anything like this from searching online .
otherwise i 'd love to hear anyone 's tips for saving time when submitting .
i hit the yeast with both stabilizers ... seriously concerned .
i paid 1k after shipping and tax so this seems like a deal .
not considering parting out unless i ca n't find a buyer .
2 or 3 years ago i was sleeping and i was sweating cause i know that i have a pillow on my face but that night was unusual once i sweating i came to grab my pillow above my face but it was n't my pillow it was n't fluffy or soft but like a person and my eyes were closed and it was dark so i was shivering and then heard my name saying it it was a calming voice a lady 's voice like my great grandma then felt something hugging me and i was calm again and then heard my name again and then i fell asleep and it was the next day i got my new earphones and i always wore them today and my great-grandma died 8 years ago at that same room .
i 'm 18 and all participants and characters must be 18 !
my name is matthew i 'm 22 and i 'm looking for a partner !
i 've been out of roleplaying for a while but i 'd really love to get back into it and find a like-minded long-term partner to have a lot of fun with .
i 've been roleplaying for..well about 8 years minus the time that i 've been inactive .
i have experience in both smutty and non smutty scenarios .
i usually play in first person but i can play third as well if required .
i usually type 10-25 lines per response and i 'll never reply with a one liner .
i strive to be grammatically accurate and i 'd appreciate if you try as well .
i make mistakes though so i understand i have so so many kinks but i 'll list some of my favorites to give you an idea creampies breeding lots of cum facials giving anal giving and receiving oral foreplay aftercare public/sneaky sex rough sex gentle sex romance incest making out skin on skin flirting playfulness and really even more !
now let 's talk about what i 'm looking for .
i 'd like to play with a girl that is flexible with times and is here to have fun honestly my requirements are n't that high i just want us both to enjoy ourselves .
a bonus in my eyes would be enjoying chatting outside of the scenario as well i love getting to know my partners but it 's not a requirement
anyway if it looks like i 'd be someone you 'd enjoy playing with message me at imaweetree .
when you are sad or when you hate yourself i want you to find a picture of yourself as a baby .
smiling in wonder and gratitude at the world and its gifts .
hugging and kissing everyone and everything like it 's a miracle .
i want you think back to the moment s when that magic was stolen from you .
when you started caring only about one or two things to pretend to forget that the rest existed .
when you began to live your life in irony and laugh at everything not with joy but because you thought of yourself and the universe as nothing more than a cynical joke .
please gently but firmly take it back for your beautiful eyes and soul to alight .
side note does anyone have literally hundreds of notes poems one liners and observations you 've written in your phone or notebook ever since awakening ?
i 'll get a word or sentence randomly come to me like it 's downloaded from the universe and i 'm an antenna .
but anyways hope everyone is having a good evening !
rest and make yourself a warm drink you deserve it x 🦚
i wanted to organize and summarize the opinions i 've seen on soraka in one thread i hope that 's okay .
a lot of people seem to feel she 's kind of weak right now maybe the coming item changes will help through cost alone since enchanters scale so well with items .
however if tanks and assassins are to remain the way they are i feel like she will probably need tweaking since she does n't play as well into those champions .
first of all i do n't like the idea of nerfing grievous wounds riot seems to want to keep healing for other champs mostly the way it is and nerfing the heal reduc on ignite or grievous wounds items would also benefit champions who are fine/strong picks at the moment .
however i hate that ignite got the 60 grievous buff without other changes so a small damage or cooldown nerf would maybe help soraka in lane .
in lane versus someone with ignite i simply can not heal enough or deal enough damage to fight back or even just create a bit of damage control even when both me and my adc have both our summoner spells up .
the extra 20 heal reduc equates to that much more effective damage so it seems reasonable enough to reduce the power of the spell a bit elsewhere .
since i would not like grievous to be affected i think it would benefit soraka for her to be hit directly so i organized suggested changes by ability for easy parsing .
these are not all my suggestions of course and i 'm obviously not suggesting they all be implemented .
i just wanted all the realistic suggestions i 've seen on the sub so far to be in one spot .
somewhere between 8 and 15 move speed toward all allies within salvation range at all times ramping up to the current 70 when an ally is below 40 hp
the percentage could also be a flat number but would be aimed at allowing soraka a little bit of mobility within her team while maintaining her lack of mobility elsewhere .
it 's a similar idea to janna 's passive i guess .
i think it could also help with warding a bit since you really do n't have any way of speeding yourself in and out of dark places on the map .
you would need an ally only kind of nearby not fully escorting you .
0.5 additional base hp regen per ally within like 600 or 800 range or something
i think soraka 's q damage and mana cost are fine and in conjunction with runes like font of life i also think the health return is fine and allows the soraka to not auto-win trades while forcing her to interact a bit more .
any changes would be best oriented toward utility so i included those here .
max range landing time reduced to 0.75 secs or something just more projectile speed
this would help in bot lane which almost always involves at least one ranged enemy but would n't have great effects on her picks elsewhere except maybe mid but you usually want a carry in the mid lane .
versus melee champions like in top lane she 's maybe not max-ranging the ability so much .
3 sec on rejuvenation move speed decaying after 1 sec
this would allow her a bit more mobility when successfully landing her q
this could come with a higher max landing time but would help vs some champions in lane and a ton in team fights .
i have n't seen many suggestions on soraka w since like patch 10.4 but i 'll include one i remember here .
w cast with rejuvenation on allies extends the move speed duration or strength
this was a suggestion to move her kiting to be more team-oriented
e-max for damage was always unhealthy i 'm sorry .
i think utility changes could be cool and useful .
but who does n't like beating people up with undodgeable damage
19 or 18 to 15 sec cd instead of 20-16 sec
silence persists for 1.5 secs but root second damage proc after 1 sec
adds just a bit more reliability to her biggest form of peel and is especially useful when she ca n't heal as much vs heavy anti-heal
area deals full damage as burn damage instead of relying on the second proc
this would be unhealthy and is not a real suggestion .
in addition to tick-silencing i believe it applies the silence like every 0.25 seconds or something ?
it would apply a sort of grounding effect similar to poppy .
that is the ability is a silence so no one can cast spells anyway but if anyone attempts to use a dash within the zone or dash through the zone they are immediately rooted and hit with both procs of damage assuming they were n't hit with the first proc .
i think grievous wounds is a healthy status effect to counter soraka 's kit in general as well as the kits and build paths of other champions so i do n't believe her ult should remove it completely .
the person who suggested this used the term true healing '' to describe it .
these are most useful to get any champion through lane phase .
soraka got some base stat changes in 10.4 and 10.8 in her base hp and base mana changes .
just a little more damage not back to 56 but just a bit more and maybe it does n't feel like i 'm merely slapping people with a banana peel .
nothing crazy or anything like the 340 she had before her passive rework but could maybe offer a bit of safety in a few situations
if anyone has anything else to add go for it .
i hope this can be a fun discussion post .
alternatively they change nothing and we all build night harvester and e max because hextech alternator is an oppressive laning item in bot
i have this laptop since last 2 years and it 's slow .
only basic softwares are installed what can i do ?
i just installed the digital ps5 version and cranked it up at midnight .
at first there was no rumble or haptic feedback .
i restarted the game and it worked briefly during the first fight and after you climb the first statue to discover things .
on r/elementor i ca n't seem to find the option to make it required to use a link flair .
about 2 years ago when i was 18 i awoke to the sound of something trying to open my door .
i opened my eyes but did n't look at the door or try to move thinking it was my cat .
i still think the sound that woke me was my cat .
but anyway the sound keeps going so i open my eyes again and there 's a fucking terrifying woman standing at my door .
she slowly starts walking towards my bed all creepily with her head jerking around .
i dont think i even tried to move at this point but i tried to scream .
i could n't move my mouth at all but i think i could hear myself murmering very quietly like i could feel my voice trying to uhh.. make noise but i just couldn't..ya know .
so thats when i realized i could n't move my body at all .
all the while this ladys still walking towards me .
then she steps on the chest at the end of the bed and stands tall just looking down at me and i could not look away .
still just laying there trying soo hard to move .
then she steps on my bed and slowly walks to the middle of my bed then just leans her head down slowly moving it towards my face .
im still trying to scream so im murmering a little bit .
she gets closer until she 's inches away from my fucking face then i finally am able to let a somewhat loud murmer out then i was finally able to move and i just kinda rolled over and then got up and was like holy fucking shit i cant believe that just happened .
i think i realized it was sleep paralysis which i had heard of before when i realized i could n't move my body .
but it was still terrifying i kinda remember thinking i know this is sleep paralysis but lady pls pls pls pls pls pls go away pls go away im scared im scared im scared '' 😂 but once it was over i was like holy shit i got ta tell someone about this 😂 then thank goodness never experienced since .
there 's shooting stars pretty consistently with maybe 2-3 in between the shooting stars !
also hazel is crafting a street piano her house is to the left of the plaza .
as usual do n't trample any flowers and leave by the airport .
none of my stores are open but you can pick up shells fish explore my island although only one side of it is decent lol .
comment your favorite snack and i 'll dm the dodo !
edit celeste is now roaming free to the right of the airport ´ ▽
the orange led is perpetually on and the system wo n't boot or display anything at all .
putting only one ram stick in according to the manual
putting that ram stick in all of the slots in order
putting two sticks of both sets in not at the same time
waiting for it to boot for a long time amd first boots apparently can take a while
reseating the cpu this may have been what caused the issue
i overclocked my gpu and restarted my system into bios to check everything was working and i noticed only half of my ram was being detected .
i tried everything in this list except for reseating the cpu and nothing was working and once i did reseat the cpu my pc just said fuck it and stopped working displaying the problem in the title of this post .
i 'm looking for someone who wants to be controlled and dominated .
someone who knows they deserve to be treated as nothing more than a cum dump .
i snap my fingers and tell you to do something and you do it immediately .
if you crave to be used and abused in this way then message me on kik/wickr misterjay69
do you listen to individual songs on shuffle organise songs into playlists or listen to full albums ?
i 'm really curious as to how people enjoy their music .
of course there is no wrong or right way but there could be a method more popular than another .
hi team i 'm trying to add my first azure subscription visual studio enterprise .
it seems to be a monthly subscription but i do n't know how to add it because i need to have access/permission to their azure portal we are a tier 1 license provider to the client
i 've read up how to add the licenses i 'm just stuck on how to make an azure pay as you go plan that i can provide the licensing for and deploy the licenses for
any ideas or tips that could help me would be greatly appreciated
i 've been playing the game for about a week now and have made several attempts at co-op .
i 've tried leaving a sign near a boss and waiting around for nearly an hour .
i 've tried waiting in human form near a fog wall and never even saw a summon sign .
are there few people playing this game online or what ?
i remember playing dark souls 2 around launch on pc and there were plenty of co-op and pvp opportunities all around .
btw my internet connection is fine i can play any kind of online game .
i have many names but i like dakotah the most .
i play into many scenarios but usually play the role of the crazy hung dom that fucks people full of stupid amounts of spunk .
i take the mantle of many things fueled by a crazy unending lust .
dragon futa dom stallion stud-god big daddy werewolf writhing mass of slimy tentacles .
if it 's hot and you want it on top of you i 'll be it .
i also tend to enjoy a w i d e range of other stuff like collars and leashes depraved makeout sessions thigh-fucking etc .
if you enjoy it and it 's not a no kink for me i 'll gladly do it .
my no kinks are the usuals no scat gore death vore bloody stuffs etc .
i 'm looking for a special kind of taker .
someone who can be by my side in a heartbeat whenever i need to get this monstrously fat pillar of fuckmeat spit-shined and slobber-sucked .
looking for a tight hungry throat that can gobble down the hardest of cockslabs with a fat juicy tongue that can swirl a tornado down into the ground during a spin contest .
someone who will allow me to bend them over a table whenever i need to plow their pleasured screams from their bodies .
somebody whose wrists i can pull back so they can take the unbridled force of my earth-shattering thrusts and lose their minds as i fuck them stupid full of cock .
someone who will groan my name when i start unloading deep inside them .
and beg for more even as their gravid cum-filled belly touches the ground .
i 'm looking for someone who can be just as flexible as me .
someone who 's willing to play a number of characters i have on my wishlist of getting to fuck silly .
shapely mature females to young bimbo sluts to the girliest of femboys and the most himbo-est of weight-lifting closet-cumdumpster beefcakes .
does n't have to be all of those types just give me one and i 'll still be perfectly happy .
basically i 'm fucking horny af all the time and if you 're totally okay with becoming a complete fuckwhore cumdumpster for a hung kinky insatiable rut-happy person like me please .
if i do n't have something that you do i can most likely get it too .
a place for members of r/sonya7ii to chat with each other
i 'm on my current 7th rewatch i think .
current on the last episode and it got me thinking .
we all know the ending was just an abomination ... but would anyone have preferred it if both dex and hannah just made it to argentina like the plan was meant to go ?
i know there would have been no ‘justice ' for dexters previous actions and for deb but i think that would have been such a better ending than what we got !
that 's my thoughts but i 'd love to hear yours and especially what you wanted the ending to be .
these tv shows start so well but it 's just like the writers just do n't know how to end things well .
so sadly my video recording of the 50v50 knife fight on the public test server did n't work the audio is there but the video is frozen .
my wife and i have 2 beautiful healthy children and are fit and healthy ourselves .
we were discussing the idea today of sperm or egg donation in order to help others who might need assistance starting a family .
does anyone have any experience doing similar in melbourne ?
i play fortnite on xbox and since the update each time i launch fortnite i sign in as a default on level one with no items .
and it takes about 4 resets to get it working .
it 's starting to happen more and i 'm scared i 'm losing my account .
how viable is it to play with just a keyboard ?
me and a friend have been working for months on an active hermit craft server we would love for you to join !
we come with fully custom shops mini games and soon to be labyrinths and boss battles alike !
custom mods such as craftable spawn eggs and one person sleep .
come and explore our vast open world or stop by one of my shops and or mini games !
xbox series x works perfect streaming to the legends ultimate ! !
all the controls are automatically mapped and i had zero lag .
best part is if you have a phone or tablet the app is free you just need a cable from your device to hdmi .
so anyone who has a xbox one series x or access to xcloud you can easily play your entire library of games on your legends ultimate .
all you have to do i download the free xbox app to your phone or tablet and connect it to your account .
then all you need to to is buy a usb c to hdmi wire .
your device will depend what wire you get obviously .
i used my 9 usb c to hdmi wire .
1 plug it into the hdmi port on the legends ultimate .
2 you then go to settings and click on wireless control deck mode .
press the a button then hold down the player 2 start button until you see the two blue blutooth lights start flashing next to your power button .
3 now pick up your phone or tablet and go to your bluetooth settings .
you will see a p1 control deck and p2 control deck .
just click on each one and they will connect .
4 now just hit the input button on the arcade to switch back to your device mine is hdmi2 .
your phone or tablet screen will now be on your arcade and all your controls will be working .
you can use your joystick and click on the xbox app by pressing the a button or you could even already have the xbox app open so you could just use the touch screen on your phone .
you now are looking at your xbox series x desktop and have access to all the games and apps that come with it .
trackball worked as a mouse which is a feature on the xbox series x pinball buttons also worked for pinball fx3 .
because i just literally opened the xbox series x i did n't have any games downloaded yet but you 'll see in the video i was able to play games while they were downloading and streaming to my tablet as it was sitting next to the arcade connected to my wifi .
the games were running on my lg c9 4k 120hz and still looked amazing on the legends ultimate at 1080p .
i also show how there was zero lag while playing killer instinct and marvel vs capcom infinite !
yeah i only really use spotify while i 'm at work which is why mick gordon is like second on my list instrumentals for when i 'm concentrating are perfect .
1984-1986 we had a smoking lounge at our high school .
it would be indeed but it 's a chunky vehicle but yeah .
you guys should try it just to make sure .
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
this is a commonly-asked question and is already answered by either the sidebar or on the faq page .
if you still need help consider joining our discord server http discord.gg/jb .
reposting posts removed by a moderator without express permission is not allowed .
safe-harbor laws prevent google from being in any way responsible for the content on their site so no they would not be fronting any cost .
if cdpr sends google dmca request google will disable the video like they do for any dmca request and then give the content creator the option to issue a counter notice .
if the counter notice has been issued the video can be enabled again .
it 's now between the content creator and cdpr .
if it went to court google would be in no way present there .
i was wondering what exactly is academically silly '' ?
and it 's because they do n't feel like he or she are the correct words .
if you were constantly referred to as the opposite gender to who you are you would feel uncomfortable right ?
they get that but with both he and she .
upvote this comment if the post is a cursed comment .
downvote this comment if it is not a cursed comment .
if this post needs moderator attention please report this post
i 'm a bot and this action was performed automatically .
if you have any questions please contact the moderators of this subreddit .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcursedcomments subject message=please include the action number for reference .
if you want to talk about the subreddit feel free to send us a message in our official discord server https discord.gg/tdzgcfc !
i have no idea but whoever it is is probably a good dog
jjaw if you really want to let people know how this season and this entire year has gone .
sorry that happened to you i work in the dova and will keep my eye out .
you could do the perfect magenta from rocky horror picture show cosplay .
hey and also thanks for having a pleasant conversation with me .
usually when i run into folks on the left let alone the far left they see me someone in the center more as an enemy than as an ally even if i agree with 98.6 of their goals by volume .
it 's nice to you know not get attacked as being practically a republican .
a submission https www.reddit.com/r/criticalrole/comments/k5tjcj/critters_unite_i_need_serious_help from you on r/criticalrole has been removed because of the following reason s
tag your submissions with the correct spoiler tag spoilers c2e no spoilers or cr media in the front of your submission title .
to tag for general spoilers or all spoilers use the most recent episode number .
please refer to our spoiler policy r/criticalrole/wiki/spoilers and repost your submission .
however it is possible that you did add a spoiler tag .
due to technical limits to our automatic filter we ca n't detect all possible ways to write the tags .
please follow the formatting explained in the spoiler policy r/criticalrole/wiki/spoilers to the letter .
please also check the subreddit wiki/frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/criticalrole/wiki/index or possibly the stickied discussion threads before you repost your submission .
this removal was done for the sake of the subreddit and the critter community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/criticalrole if you have any questions or concerns .
hows the sicko screenprint on the pants hold up ?
hard to tell but looks like it could start peeling after a wash or two
i really was burst destroying everyone before it was cool !
i 'm not saying i have the best reply but ...
this was one of my first too although it was only a couple or so years ago that i started listening to podcasts .
is she snappy show signs of being annoyed and acts like a different person around other people a lot or is it just when you 're gaming ?
its my birthday and i really feel like this lol
if he moved slower with the chainsaw up his power would be useless survivors would just outrun him if he uses his power .
high rank survivors tend to stay near loops and windows whenever chased by a bubba in which situations you cant hit them with m2 but can with m1 .
missing with your chaisaw is also punished alot so i 'd say there are plenty of situations where you should m1 with bubba instead of m2 .
the paw patrols glow in the dark if you see them run them over that 's what you do .
as she dismantles their student loan forgiveness for working in areas that desperately need them or while they work for nonprofit schools .
i have n't activated mine yet i 'll try it in one of my laptops .
2 widely different books that were connected in some way and helped me get my ass off the chair what i talk about when i talk about running '' by murakami and the 4 pillar plan '' by dr rangan chatterjee .
i read both of these around the same time 3-4 months back .
since then i 've started running and walking 3-4 times a week and working out 2-3 times a week .
also witawitar made me fall in love with the art of writing and running .
started a habit of writing a few pages every day too .
last year taylor swift 's lover came out the exact day i flew home for a visit .
that 's cool that obama will do that but i do n't really think the dem crowd are going to be the ones who wo n't take it .
we have enough flu vac experience and enough systems healthcare can do it themselves existence if edpbw 's supplies to pharmacies ... .
unless they see that we get a lot of vaccines i doubt vaccination centres are a necessity you need the personnel for it and that 's all employed already in healthcare .
to call it unforgivable incompetence '' is quite far-stretched imo .
but apparently a uk vaccine is looking promising so hopefully it wo n't be another year of this
this is what the get help button was made for .
but is n't it funny how the u.s. could keep count of the gazillian that died during stalin 's reign but wo n't release official stats of how the great depression impacted its own population ?
i thought things were supposed to be bigger there .
we also have suomalainen finnish but it 's most likely after of one our tribes because we have other tribe last names too hämäläinen savolainen karjalainen etc
this automated message was triggered by some keywords in your post .
if you have general how to '' moderation questions please check out the following resources for assistance
moderator help center https mods.reddithelp.com mod tool documentation including tips and best practices for running and growing your community
please note not all mod tools are available on mobile apps at this time .
if you are having troubles such as creating subreddit rules please use the desktop site for now .
if none of the above help with your question please disregard this message .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/modsupport if you have any questions or concerns .
not reading that after reading first sentence lol learn internet etiquette bro
imagine having some apple jack you made in space only to wreck the iss into another satellite .
ge mentioned in a recent interview that there are many moffs controlling different parts of the empire machine ...
i dont have him so i cant tell you for sure how but i think its because of link levels most of youtubers nowadays showcase units at full link level 10
put his hand on cold water when he sleeps and when he wakes up tell him he peed the bed cus of overfapping
cash i can handle you can get it in other ways easily but 310 gold coins are n't readily available by doing regulation races .
if you receive any message request from a racist username with jews in it do not accept it and report us the username .
send us a modmail if you find any nsfw messages .
we are looking for new friends in our reddit chatroom !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere if you have any questions or concerns .
io ho fatto l'esame nel 2016 e sono sicuro che una persona nella mia aula fece l'esame in inglese perché venne un tecnico apposta per impostare la lingua
not a joke i bought the series x to play some cold war i 'm currently cleaning my floors because of it
candles tea warm lights and all other cozy things are working so much better during winter .
in my freshman year of high school my pre algebra teacher .
i was the type of student who never did homework there was always something better to do and it bored me .
i always knew the material though and did excellent on tests .
now on to pre algebra it 's the end of the year the friday before finals week and my teacher pulls me aside and gives me a list of every assignment from the year i did n't do and tells me to please do a few over the weekend so when i passed the final which he knew i undoubtedly would i could get a passing grade for the class .
he told me that where i was at even if i aced the final i mathematically could not get a passing grade .
unfortunately i cared not and did n't do a single back assignment .
the next week we took the final and the next day he pulled me aside and said listen i know i told you you could n't pass but you literally set the curve .
no one in the entire grade had a score as high as mine and he could n't bring himself to fail me when i obviously knew the material .
feel free to donate it to someone in need like me lol
another of his go tos is to tell me in detail how grossed out my character is she is a tabaxi that she starts to clean '' herself .
i have to tell him repeatedly that she does not
honestly this part in itself convinced me that he 's not a good dm ...
fine could be a one time thing he needs to learn that it 's not just his story and that he has to not do this again or he 'll might just have to write a book to see his vision carried out .
what right does he have to tell you how your character feels about certain things ?
especially when you told him multiple times that it 's not how she feels !
i wonder why he 's been divorced so many times ?
i work for a site called not always right and our readers really appreciate stories like these .
would it be okay with you if we shared your story on our site ?
i 'll take a wager and say one of the examples u/imnotyourman was talking about is the crimea situation in ukraine .
nato did n't do anything there because ukraine is not a part of nato .
if you want a clear example of where nato directly helped a country and stopped a gigantic humanitarian crisis you can look up the nato intervention in the kosovo war .
russia has proven it 's still willing to use military action to control it 's neighbours once again look at ukraine even going as far as starting a war in order to prevent countries from joining nato look up the russo-georgian war .
while we are living in peace right now mostly around the world it 's a peace that exists due to the treaties set in place and tearing those apart would be a terrible mistake .
if this is the case we encourage op to include a comment with a summary or abstract of the content contained in the article for discussion .
please do not post the entire contents of the article on the subreddit ie an entire copy/paste and use the report tool if you feel this rule is being violated .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/coys if you have any questions or concerns .
to trigger the ones who are getting triggered now !
closest you can get to an installer is a powershell script to configure the client connection .
here is a direct link to ms docs which are excellent for this subject .
wich makes up for some of the bad parts of him .
it 's really not hard to see that the next change might be base rate 0.4 and base rate with bonus 0.1 .
tbh i main like 4 people wattson gibby bloodhound crypto bc im indecisive and they can be used for diff play styles
this submission has been automatically removed because it is one paragraph long or shorter .
your thread may need more detail or breaks our rules for being too specific such as which of these two games should i buy ? ''
or too general such as what is the best pc game '' .
if your thread was asking for suggestions about what games to get r/gamingsuggestions r/shouldibuythisgame or r/askgames would be better places to ask .
if you think that your post was unjustly removed please send us a message http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fgames . ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/games if you have any questions or concerns .
only the independent examiner hires by the family said that .
because he is trying to pull off a fascist takeover of america and 70 million people believe his lies .
trying to convince the masses to vote to benefit people who decidedly are not them is a bad strategy
i 'll trade you a bloodied explosive black powder rifle and a explosive executioners light machine gun for one of the masks all together worth 20 thousand caps
ai n't chill with anyone since march cause of corona 😞
i did lift lines like that in new jersey back in the 1980 's vernon valley/great gorge had 2 base lifts and lines like this at the bottom were common .
dont treat it like a goal just treat it as an addiction
did you know buying the game is essential before buying it ?
mark never got it right so i do n't remember
it 's too bad i really thought there would at least be a mention of it in the letters as they had for previous milestones but there was nothing .
my science teacher book checked me one time for trying to steal a couple of sweet ball bearings .
we require a minimum account age and karma as a spam deterrent .
messaging us to ask what they are will result in a warning .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/toocuteforporn if you have any questions or concerns .
would n't show him if he did because i respect his privacy he should respect mine .
some episodes of gintama really hit you in the feels .
then there 's hunter x hunter where i started sobbing at the end of the chimera ants arc
unfortunately i 've also had a black physician dismiss my concerns over a breast lump .
went to another center where the doctors were very concerned about it .
i 've had fantastic black and brown providers but i also take into account reviews .
i was so so poor but probably some of the best times .
wether your selling them fixing them or riding them bikes are always fun .
i 'd be insulted if someone called me grandpa fucker too but that 's only because i 'm not fucking my grandpa haha
i did keto for a few months and lost like 20lbs .
i do n't think many people have heard of the irish cover version of the guns n roses song .
definitely a lot of knowledge to be gained here .
i put an iron condor on spy for 12/31 exp
i 'm already getting pressure on the call side should i buy back low side and roll the calls up a level lowers profit on original trade or should i let theta decay take place .
the other thought is how does a 12/31 contract get impacted by tsla listing .
idk about you guys but i put up the christmas stuff before thanksgiving this year .
we could all use some extra joy right now !
worse it 's inside edition an infotainment news show .
they mostly cover tabloid gossip and trumped-up celebrity scandals .
they 're the kind of reporters who will track down a celebrity on the street and pester them like flies on shit and then go out of their way to take the most unflattering photo of them just so they can plaster it everywhere .
for reference the number one trending article on their website right now is best friends for nearly 2 decades find out they 're actually sisters https www.insideedition.com/best-friends-for-nearly-2-decades-find-out-theyre-actually-sisters-62717 '' so that should give you an idea about what kind of journalistic agency we 're dealing with here .
did ... did you just reply to your own comment with a correction rather than the correcting the first comment ?
i do n't know how i feel about that ...
it seems like the filter in spin that lets you see which classes use weights is gone .
i personally would do a reusable silicone bag since otherwise the cheese seems to get a weird plastic taste from the bag .
they did not say dna coming from the male side of the family they said male hamburg dna
also i did n't miss out '' since i 've had it from 2012 but the 3ds had many games i never got around to buying and since nintendo recently discontinued it i 'm sad that i did n't get more limited variants and some games for it that i missed out on .
now that its been discontinued i have a hard time finding 3ds games in stores other than gamestop and other specialized game stores .
and for wii u and ps vita i 'm just waiting until i can find one in great condition to purchase them .
i 'm planning on getting a loose ps vita and a loose wii u to use and then finding cib/unopened sealed for the collection .
both of them i kind of just forgot about and let pass me .
i only started getting interested when it was a bit too late .
you are right there are a lot more he is not alone in being shitty .
if you receive any message request from a racist username with jews in it do not accept it and report us the username .
send us a modmail if you find any nsfw messages .
we are looking for new friends in our reddit chatroom !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere if you have any questions or concerns .
can you imagine losing day after day after day after day after day after day after day after day after day after day after day after day ?
these aperture desktops are great but as an avid player of the games my first urge would always be to pick them up fling them around the room and try standing on them .
the quote in the article acting like covid 's over now that its cold
be glad you did n't cuz no one eats hummus in india and india is here to tell ya .
so 's the middle east where it 's from .
and now i do n't know what i ate at royal india ...
i like first 8 seasons of sg1 and all of atlanta .
well there 's you answer if you made the first payment early then you 're comparing two different time periods .
based on some quick math i 'm going to say that you got the vehicle around sep 15th .
for the purpose of this exercise let 's assume that 's correct .
this is based on the principal amount interest rate and amount of interest paid on oct 15th it works out to about 7.715/day in interest and your first payment was right around 30 days worth of interest .
so between sep 15th and oct 15th you accrued 30 days or your 227.19 in interest .
your next payment on nov 27th covered a period that was 2 weeks longer or about 44 days give or take .
at the 7.715/day interest ignoring the small amount of principal paid down in the first payment that gets you to the roughly 350 in interest you paid the second time .
because the soup is supposed to be made with 8 hours boiled pig bones .
i would love to see him try to name two players from each of their title teams
i can not buy all the modules as much as i would like to .
i ca n't even eat mcdonald 's anymore because culver 's is just so much better and fresher tasting
did they ever find a motive i wonder why he did the shooting .
the ocd in me wants to clean and remove the rubble along side it
you need to learn how to be a grammar nazi .
if you 're gon na nazi at least include the correct word .
in this case op should have used a lot which is actually two words .
could be camping a rare only to have him not drop what you need after two weeks .
i get what you mean but why would you want that ?
yeah it gets very difficult to find someone because of all-rookie my initial pick was richard jefferson .
... just talk to him about it so he realises how messed up that is ?
i would love to see what you see on screen
6 hrs of watching insecure joe feel he has to prove he 's the alpha to chris ?
chris will find his own path without the dictator i mean harvard cawlmedy hack rogain .
also ‘vacines are full of chemicals ' but you have no problem eating herbicide covered wheat or pesticide covered produce or vaccined meat products drinking alcohol smoking drugs ect .
how long do you tend to use this pc are you thinking to upgrade this pc down the line or buy a completely new one ?
one thing to note is that when the english translation uses words like love '' and hate '' it does n't always or even usually mean what we think of as english speakers in the original language .
aww that 's so sad but it 's good of you to provide multiple resting areas .
i read the one called rose something or something rose was the ones with the biggest fins
make sure you have included a budget/rate they are required for all posts – ballpark or a range is fine .
positive and negative feedback about u/amznewbienotforlong is only allowed in r/testimonials .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/forhire if you have any questions or concerns .
no spammy titles featured and promoted posts are the exception pm hotrod_greaser for details .
flair nsfw if it is even a little bit nsfw .
post quality no shoes-only or socks-only posts and no busted feet hairy legs or blurry/grainy pics .
report anyone breaking these rules or any harassing comments by using the report button .
let her know by commenting upvoting and following her !
and we still managed to win a championship this year .
technically it 's better to play killer because you get more blood points and you get into a game faster but i feel like shit afterwards
play minecraft on creative or fallout 4 with god mode on and just breeze through .
i play them when i get insomnia just make sure you 're comfy and have plenty of water .
caroline thought her and her family would be the main stars .
lauren is sad to watch her mom makes her feel bad and in return she takes it out on tre and her brothers .
i just thought about the pinks opening with hylt and got chills .
the instrumental for hylt makes my heart race so thinking of the dramatic beginning similar to what they did with the teaser for blackpink around the world i 'll be dead before jennie hits her first line .
we noticed you are a pretty new reddit account so we just wanted to let you know to check out the subreddit rules here https www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/wiki/rules .
we 're called no stupid questions because we believe nobody needs to be attacked for asking a question but that does n't mean there are no rules !
this sub is meant for users like you to ask genuine questions so please do n't ask jokes or rants disguised as questions .
while you can ask almost anything here please keep illegal and loaded questions off this sub to give others a good experience and ask medical questions in more appropriate places .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nostupidquestions if you have any questions or concerns .
when you say negative ... do you mean in a moral way ?
imagine the cost of running a node with billions of transactions per day .
it 's vaporware that only works because nobody is using it or trying to attack it .
i 'll say it once i 'll say it again !
do it better '' is not a valid way of shooting down someone 's argument .
its also really cheap which probably means that their active player numbers are struggling .
lmao they should add unique animations for hitting a survivor while falling
please tell me this https youtu.be/nuq8ln8-yc0 is what you had in mind for the screams ?
trapping the most vulnerable of the elderly in the nursing homes and putting them in close proximity with covid infected patients is the act of a psychopath
watch this video https twitter.com/cjsnowdon/status/1330524108359131136 a modeller involved in designing the uk government 's covid strategy in march actually said that they worked under the assumption that care homes were isolated and therefore shielded '' .
maybe this modeller is just lacking in common sense ... but no one questioned that assumption ?
no one in government understood how catastrophic a decision that would be ?
i sincerely hope you 're right by the way and that we can rise up against this shit even if it leads to destruction .
congrats usa on electing joe biden and kamala harris as your new president and vice president !
this canadian is proud that you voted in numbers never seen before to elect biden and remove the orange menace !
thanks for voting over the past week the majority overwhelmingly voted to allow mild posts .
there will be rules as to what type of mild posts we allow and how often we allow them of course .
but starting today they will no longer be removed !
message the mods with the date and you will be added to our birthday sticky !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bbw_chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's the weight of a standard universal bar 45 lbs
i 'd consider if you added to be closer to 750 value
nothing about key lime is lightweight except the thc numbers lol .
i was fully baked with sense of calm or ultra relaxed feeling .
i have a high tolerance and anyone that smokes on this that think thc 's are everything would think this was a 30 lol .
it 's some strong stuff and i will certainly buy it again .
im saving the rest for tomorrow morning so i can note everything and slap a review on here for it .
your submission was automatically removed because i.redd.it is not an approved site .
if your post contains an image not linked from imgur deviantart or tumblr it will be removed automatically .
how to do it upload your image to imgur deviantart or tumblr copy the link then go to our submission page .
insert url ignore the image/video nonsense add a title hit submit or contribute .
handy chart https i.imgur.com/obimb3p.jpg we do n't allow direct uploads .
you do n't need an account to use imgur .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/digitalpainting if you have any questions or concerns .
ne znam ja uredno kupujem prek vise pbz na konzoli i na aplikaciji .
like could you setup a freedns.afraid.org and install an application on the pi 's to keep the host name updated on afraid .
then you can just ssh or telnet using the hostnames .
the easy to build sequitors come in that colour plastic
i generally go for a full cup most recently had some bravissimo own brand ones .
they fit over my boobs etc but the wires always feel like they 're digging under my armpits/at the very sides by the middle of the day .
i recall reading somewhere that the avengers game contributed to the 2020 loss as well .
i do a lot just for myself but sometimes i do these things for other people .
i know i 'm probably being too sensitive but sometimes it can be disheartening when family friends are commenting on the photo about what amazing work they have done because some do believe he contributes more to the final product especially when it 's something special i have made for myself or someone else .
you come here and disrespect us on our territory ...
no ... ... we only choose to think positively about a character you so despise ...
but when you come and disrespect absolute strangers because of their opinion that 's what makes you wrong
if he 's more active than usual as if he 's looking for something he may also think it 's breeding season .
he 's actually more active than normally but i 'm not in the south so idk if this is it .
but i 'll maybe try giving him pinkies and see if he 'll eat them .
i 'm fond of the idea of an overarching first responders '' organization that holds the new police among other employees among them .
keeping police together without other people there to check them helps radicalize them imo .
the nerd in me also thinks we could have totally bad-ass names for the first responders too .
instead of having police we could have sentinels '' .
hey dude by bans i mean like you have around 2 minutes before the game starts and you can see which of the 3 decks your opponent picks .
so let 's say you have mf scouts in your list but your opponent has tahm soraka/ashe sejuani .
now instead of being totally screwed in a nigh unwinnable matchup you can pick a different deck .
obviously it does n't solve the problem of bad matchups but it does help to alleviate it .
the format is still in bo1 and sometimes you can just lose/win depending on your luck .
and i do n't like how riot does n't give you control over not going 1st/2nd .
i think you should be able to do a coinflip after deck selection .
imo there is not a good reason for the starting player to be random .
so many decks benefit either going 1st or 2nd and while the spell mana does help alleviate it some decks such as aggro or zed become much less aggressive if they do n't have a way to get it in when opponent is low on mana .
so those two issues are the biggest problem i see in the bo1 format and if riot addresses those flaws i think the format would actually be more skill intensive than it is .
because as it stands right now matchmaking and starting player adds an element of bad rng which makes laddering more luck based than it should be .
not sure i think because i 've been around and posting for a long time .
i just got a dm one day with all the info .
yeah your age is why you healed so easily .
i was 19 and eating soup made me bleed enough to need recauterizing and a transfusion .
i could literally feel the blood pouring into my throat .
then it happened 3 more times and i was only eating '' boost shakes at that point .
those little gestures of encouragement from complete strangers are everything especially when i 'm struggling .
i ran outside for the first time since it got pretty cold out i 've always struggled with running in cold weather and an older couple was walking by on the opposite sidewalk and they gave me a thumbs up !
if you get covid bored you should send me yours or make me a playlist please .
for people who do n't know how chess works the knight horse takes out the pawn then the rook castle takes the knight
i swear the line between r/marvelmemes and r/marvelcringe gets blurrier every day
i dont get why on reddit people think once they post a link to an article that it makes them einstein all of a sudden lmao
while i agree that there 's certainly a lot of morons that dislike the second amendment it 's still a part of our constitution so they ca n't realistically take all of our guns away .
plus they 're a part of the country so they should also get a say in what happens .
as in is that for your services alone and then you charge for sm ads in addition to the contract fee or you take the 200/mo and work with it ?
also any advice for working with local brick-and-mortar businesses ?
i think web-based businesses would be easier for apparent reasons .
my friend has a home improvement business and another has a wedding planning business both restricted to our region i think i 'll ask if i can manage their stuff .
but curious as to how it will differ if i expand to take on real clients remotely .
and do you have a sm account for your business ?
not sure what to post on something like that especially while i 'm just started out .
interesting example because yeah if you posted a video and said this person is speaking chinese ! ''
i would absolutely expect people to correct you in the comments .
sorry i replied 11 days later lmao i didnt see
the reason being is that when he 's doing it he 's pointing it at another player .
if he were to hold it out in front of him it would n't be an issue .
but directing any gestures/celebration towards an opponent is considered a form of taunting .
not saying i agree just that 's why it 's penalized .
i 'm more puzzled than anything else why his 2nd quarter is so low maybe one bad quarter dragged the average down or something
for her job which is porn yes but she wouldnt fuck you on her own time 🤣
i was mainly interested in playing some ps4 exclusives mainly uncharted .
we put our tree up on christmas eve but it stays up till feb. 1st .
apparently he was 'called to godhood ' while she was pregnant .
tbf he was a decorated well earned military guy a leader in the war against the hypogeans .
and during the marriage she was okay with that having lost her family to the hypogeans as well .
that pve idea sounds fantastic not everybody enjoys the idea of constantly being in danger of being owned by another player for no reason when you 're just trying to do something in the game .
this is a reminder to ensure your post in r/avexchange follows all of our rules which are visible in the sidebar .
if it does n't your submission will be removed !
we also recommend all users read through this post https www.reddit.com/r/avexchange/comments/akvfyf/modpost_in_order_to_not_get_scammed_read_this to avoid scam attempts and ensure your items have the best chance of finding their new home s .
because a lot of you will fail to read what i just linked anyway
do n't trade if people do n't comment before pming and check their post history
use paypal goods and services preferably with an invoice for any and all transactions even trades .
ensure timestamps are current do n't buy or trade for an item without proof op owns it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/avexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
i like that basket of toilet paper rolls looks nice .
i 'll give it 3 considering i can only play 1/3rd of the full game without it crashing my ps5 gg treyarch .
i wish mc can swap his/her elemental skill and burst .
honestly it was super helpful experience to have when lockdowns happened because i already have my one liners for all of the reasons they can think of to attempt bug mb .
but almost especially when mb was home i had mixed feelings because 1 she decided to tell me she can hear every word and footstep that goes over her office which includes the playroom and guest bathroom..sooo i could no longer hide in the bathroom from the kids for sanity breaks .
i know your kids are hard for you to handle on the weekends but trust me this is not the first time xyz i appreciate the concern and offer if you have the moment but i know you are working and i am trying to calm it down i think it creates a bit of a habit with tantrums instead of communicating because when they do n't like a consequence they go to you and try to get away .
it only shows so many greyed out items i 'd assume .
like even though i have tons of items that are being requested on the market it only shows a handful of general requests .
why show all of the greyed out items above tier 6 when you ca n't craft tier 6 ?
very psychedelic but easier to control than lsd or mushrooms on regular doses .
toss in a jp spring and your favorite trigger this fucker will shoot flat as eve 's face https i.imgur.com/zprdnhl.jpg from a profile view
could you please let me know why it 'd be better to have a bath instead of a shower ?
i am curious and it would very helpful to know .
probably depends on how big the retailer is and how flagrant it was .
small retailers like your local shop can get removed from distribution .
bigger ones like bestbuy or wal-mart probably have a monetary punishment .
might get one of these for my desk at the office
i also pulled him i love him so much his design his kit everything but yeah i feel like i need something more to make him good .
of teyvat venti said he was probably the weakest archon because he was traveling etc .
and the geo archon is the oldest still alive who did his job until his fake death he has the most experiences but still feel like this is wrong and venti is like a god to him ...
i 'm sad because i did n't pull on childe who i also like for zhongli .
i wonder why there has been a sudden increase in begging .
maybe it 's something to do with the pandemic in which hundreds of thousands of people have lost their jobs ?
despite what the daily mail try to tell us most street beggars are not doing it because they make nice living that way but because they are genuinely desperate .
this is a testing time for all of us and all those commenters tarring all homeless people with the same brush as addicts and wasters would do well to show a little more empathy .
your symptoms suggest dysphagia of some sort whether functional or mechanical .
best thing to do would be to see an ent who could thoroughly evaluate your swallowing abilities .
they would likely order imaging such as fluoroscopy where you swallow radioopaque substances of varying density and texture under x-ray .
it would show any obstruction anatomical defects or regurgitation .
a corgi with a sword that is also somehow a british battleship
there still seem to be a lot of issues ranging from less innovation due to no competition to the issue of everything being democratic .
sometimes decisions will have to be made that go against most workers opinions ?
also would anyone even still do start ups with new products if he does n't then own and profit from them ?
also i have absolutely not done enough research on that topic so i ca n't do a proper judgement in any way but from the things i do know atm i think a social market economy would be much less complicated .
very few employees become rich working for someone else .
that 's awful i 'm so sorry to hear that .
i definitely do not have anywhere near the hardest job in the facility as someone who just works at the front desk when the regular person is n't there but i do commiserate with you .
i 've had my fair share of residents cussing me out and their families calling me crying/upset/furious .
i see a lot of the nurses and lnas burn out and it can be a really toxic and emotionally taxing environment .
i missed the okada call out what did they say
is there a best day of the week to shop around at winners ?
thunder vs clippers rivalry was always an intense game duebto his beef with both jordan and griffin .
on the flip side every game i 've ever played that has done a giant qol update has seen that update warmly received by the community .
because i highly doubt those qol '' updates are all just bugs .
i like the line where the president says ... into the fire .
is it 144 hz on hdmi or display port ?
my monitor runs 120 hz on display port but only 60 hz over hdmi .
anyone found a way out of hand washing ocd ?
my hands are fucked up but not washing them feels like there is corrosive acid on my hands .
i did n't think this was gon na get me and then they all rushed the casket and i instantly started sobbing
i think it should be left stick local ... if not try other left stick ... one works irregardless of camera and the other keeps camera direction in mind from what i remember
it 's crazy honestly revisionists practically do propaganda for the bourgeoisie free of charge sometimes '' mao kept china poor the reforms saved it '' gonzalo admitting the pcp ordered lucanamarca is proof of indigenous genocide ronderos and the government were right to fight them '' that 's shit i 've seen them say and they go on about how they 're the real communists '' unlike the ultras '' anyone who criticizes china or whatever revisionist state they love who attack aes ''
dude that 's awesome i wish you were one of my teachers .
i wonder how pb is going to use that art in future books .
i 'm seriously looking forward to it popping up in the future 🤣 .
does n't get paid this come there to fuck your wife
the milk is actually goat semen that he forces anyone to take
i get around 450 80 in riverside it 's all the speed i need for a phone
anyone know how to delete a certain tag you created ?
you guys should talk and share all those fantasies and what makes em hot even parts that are not hot ... .good communication .
maybe put the drugs part on the side until some of the other smaller joys are fulfilled .
you are certainly justified in defending yourself if they then continue to push themselves on you but absolutely not in just beating the shit out of them because you did n't like seeing penises .
i would n't manhandle someone for it exclusively though .
arkansas governor asa hutchinson r was n't busted '' since he 's the one who posted on social media about it but he traveled to see family for thanksgiving after urging people not to do exactly that .
what was the technical interview like for mongodb mine is coming up soon
shares ... .at least you are not retarded like some dudes here buying 12/4 40 and 50 last friday .
nothing worse than fighting your way to a boss to find a sign on their door saying be back in 36 hours '' .
but worse is not here come back ... well sometime or if you really want a chance sit here waiting for a time between 1 minute and 1 week '' .
lmao thx man there is gon na be another one up tmmr and its one of my favs
setbacks can really mess you up if you let them .
real healthy weight loss is a marathon not a sprint .
get a list ready with names you can give to npcs and another with festival foods/smaller games .
do n't overprep or you will just get flustered with your notes .
afaik it 's very weak but i could n't care less about it armies should n't exist .
but we 're in nato and that 's that .
europe has lots of different cultures but they 're all separate countries .
they get a dose of multiculturalism in one country germany for example and crimes shoot up .
you can try to put things like rap culture and systematic racism into number but you ca n't compare countries with 5 million citizens and 1/30th of the land size to the us and say they 're the same .
even if you break it down to to try and fix size and population lots of other factors race density poverty rates cultures scramble it .
sure you can say europe has less gun violence but they had been pulling strings of an overwhelming amount of the world for a couple centuries destroying and creating new nations and then having those nations foundations built on either fear of being controlled again .
that usually ends up to having pretty protective gun laws .
wonder why americans do n't want to give up an ground on gun freedom .
because his hands are tiny like his bank account and his uh part .
i 'm a simple man i see a post about harbaugh being bad and i like it .
holmes is also strong enough to straighten a bent fire poker .
which is a lot harder to do then bending it .
showing holmes is a lot stronger than he looks .
i had the option to get a manual or auto 370z when i was looking .
i have driven and enjoyed driving manuals my whole life although it becomes a real chore in bad traffic .
i test drove an auto and realised it was so ... boring ... .
i realised if i 'd bought an auto it would be great in traffic for a few weeks but eventually i 'd get bored of it and regret it wishing i 'd got the manual anyway .
so it took me 6 months but i finally found a manual in my price range .
while i agree with his statement here trudeau is not much of a leader .
it recently took him 11 days and a ton of criticism for him to finally agree that beheading is bad .
better than halal guys by a fair margin imo but not as good as somewhere like sam 's falafel closer to davis .
so if i bought a yearly subscription in august do i get a refund of the discount ?
or do i only get a discount if i subscribe to a 2nd year ?
if you 're referring to going from yearly to lifetime you 'll get a discount '' in the sense that the time on the yearly you have n't used will be added towards the discount .
so if you paid 89 for the yearly and 6 months later you want the lifetime you 'll have 44.50 of a discount that is subtracted from the original lifetime cost if that makes sense .
if you go to subscriptions in wanikani it 'll explain in finer print at the bottom .
i think really it just depends on how much you really rely on something like mnemonics .
if you have a lot of exposure to kanji like yourself i can see it not being as necessary .
for me the lifetime is just that it 'll always be there should i choose to return and i personally hate subscriptions if a lifetime is offered .
additionally you have the userscripts that allow a vast amount of customization towards your studying such as n5-n1 specific vocab or perhaps strictly kanji .
a city with one of the highest population densities has large amounts of covid .
do n't forget it chapter 2 which is an absolutely pathetic finale .
i 'm pretty crushed tbh idk when i 'll ever be able to upgrade my pc .
i am a machine learning engineer at crossminds https crossminds.ai and i am proud to share with you this tech research video platform that we have been developing and testing since march 2020 .
it now hosts over 5,000 videos of this year's top conference talks https crossminds.ai/explore cvpr eccv icml neurips etc .
we 've developed a comprehensive knowledge graph to index all research videos and provide personalized recommendations .
we also created a time-coded reaction feature that allows you to leave comments ask questions and take notes pertaining to specific parts of the video .
we hope this can facilitate more peer-to-peer discussion in the community .
i 'd be really curious to learn your thoughts about the platform and our features .
as neurips 2020 is just around the corner i invite you to check out our collection of 100 pre-recorded talks https crossminds.ai/category/neurips 202020 for this conference shared by paper authors .
if you are a full-time student who wants to get free access to all conference sessions you can check out our student program https blog.crossminds.ai/post/crossminds-neurips-2020-student-program-ticket-free that will reimburse your neurips registration fee by dec 15 2020 .
all you need to do is to create a crossminds account and ask 5 technical questions under these neurips talks https crossminds.ai/category/neurips 202020 .
feedback need we 'd especially appreciate your feedback on the ai research knowledge tree https crossminds.ai/explore we 've developed to index the videos .
here are screenshots of the knowledge areas and the sub-areas under computer vision '' .
what can we do to make it more useful for you ?
does anyone see how this is the ultimate test of how many just believe what they see on tv ?
what makes the viewers sure that the vaccine is actually the vaccine ?
i do n't think former presidents would easily just risk their lives as guinea pigs .
hello i want change my wallpaper when i charge but my wallpaper is a animation live and i do n't know why he not restaur my wallpaper live
i still remember something my mom did when i was seven .
my parents were in the process of getting a divorce and there was an argument which lead to my dad storming out of the house .
my mom told me to ask him if he loved me .
all he did was get in his car and leave .
it still hurts me to this dayi just do n't understand why she wanted me to say that to him ?
am i supposed to be clearing it as fast as possible or should i be attacking beasts until it gets to 10 waves ?
i understand that this was n't a nerf for the sake of being a nerf but for improving the performance of the game but the reduced amount of mini avatars really hurt you in higher rounds .
i noticed this because before the update i created a save on logs to play with vengeful and brickell a little ...
i was on round 264 and nothing was even reaching the first log after the update fortified bads was getting to the the third log before poping
it 's about 6-7 feet tall half of its face is skull razor sharp teeth blood is coming out of its mouth and it stands on its hind legs .
we really need help knowing what it is it is terrifying .
someone please help it 's torturing seeing her in so much fear .
i actively try to avoid saying kinda '' but i notice even dms know for being quite good matt mercer pepper their dming with kinda '' .
why does the goblin kinda sneak down to the river and kinda takes his hand and sorta cups the water to his mouth ?
why does the fighter kinda fall on his butt when attacked by the wolf ?
i feel like they should just do it and not kinda do it .
but then why is it so hard to stop saying kinda '' ?
i do not know whether my posting is appropriate or not .
i need someone who can hug me to listen to me well .
i am about to cry due to the depression .
allowing with existing facilities in buenaventura and bucaramanga brazil has received additional authorization to expand its military footprint in northern colombia boosting capabilities at the entrance to the continent .
the bases will be constructed by year end costing 397 million .
i 'm a curvy busty bombshell looking to fulfill your needs
finding the route guide to see big ben is so important if you are planning to explore !
in this article you 'll find a full rundown of all the best routes to see big ben .
london is full of tour options and places where you can buy big ben tickets so you 'll want to make sure you pick the right one .
ca n't stop refreshing my portal even tho i know it 's not mid-december yet 🤡🤡
hey this is my first post on reddit so i do n't really know what i 'm doing .
also i do n't know how to search for posts in a subreddit so sorry if this has been asked a million times which it probably has .
i have plans to move to tasmania specifically hobart soon and would like to get an idea of the best and worst areas to live in .
considering i have a family i 'd prefer living away from housing commission and degenerates .
i had seen a previous post asking for areas in launceston and hobart to avoid but that was a year ago and would like to know if much has changed .
edit apologies for the use of degenerate '' but i merely mean areas with a high crime rate/drug use etc .
i 'd prefer to be living in an area where people contribute to society rather than mooching off the backs of others as a kid i had grown up in that area and do n't want the same for my family .
i know a lot of people have talked about this issue but for what i have found is that models from 2017 seem to have this recurring problem of overheathing and people seem to be fine with it making excuses such as that is completely normal '' that is because of xbox enhanced games '' the game 's is badly coded '' .
you can clearly see how even when the console is placed in a confined space the replacement of the dry thermal paste seems to have solve the issue .
my model is from december 2017 even though i bought it in 2019 lucky me and i also have this problem .
when playing monster hunter world doing absolutly nothing the fans will stay quiet but as soon as i 'm on a quest the fan ramps up and starts fluctuating and its really annoying .
i want to open my console and replace the thermal paste but i want to confirm this theory so i would really appreciate if any of you who own a x1x from 2017 have experienced this kind of behaviour .
i only know where the first 3 are and i know there should be more .
a few hours ago i tried logging in and its the first time i got to the play a game screen .
it then said psn maintenance and i could n't play a game .
i cut out a matt of fur from my cats skin on his lower back near the tail like i 've done hundreds of times in the same spot .
however this time he got distracted and went to walk away as i was going to cut and i pulled his skin up into the scissors .
i never thought this would happen since i 've had cats for 30 years and always cut the matted hair about 3/4 of the way down then brush out the rest .
it did n't really bleed but slowly filled with blood not enough to drip blood .
he doesnt seem to be bothered by it even when it happened he didnt twitch just carried on about his business .
i 'm really concerned and not sure what to do and theres mixed reviews online on if it needs treatment take yo vet or not neosporin is bad but others say good
i 'll try to attach a pic if i can .
edit i appreciate everyone 's advice and constructive feed back .
needless to say i will definitely be seeing a professional groomer in the future for anything that cant be brushed out .
for those who find themselves in a similar situation in the future i really hope you dont the opening did require sutures and the after tax price in canadian was 306.00 which included time stitching mild sedation and pain medication .
with the size of the opening being about the width of my thumb it would have taken an incredibly long time to heal have reasonable chance of infection and be out right painful for him .
i 'm very happy i went to the vet instead of monitoring something this serious on my own and i 'd advise anyone in the future to do the same .
get the best plasma cutter from everlast welders at affordable prices with their key welding functions and advantages of plasma cutter which help you to cut the stainless steel aluminum and conductivity metal into defined shape in minimum time .
a top notch flooring service is one phone call away .
reach flooring services by nelson and we will exceed your expectations .
i tried with double for loops where i first ran coordinate descent on initial beta values for w and z till convergence and then afterwards stored them for global convergence .
but for some reason the betas just do not converge .
so does anyone have a clue on how must i approach this ?
who does not want a true friend like george in their life .
in season 5 he takes the position of izzie in the elavator to meet the death otherwise izzie”s death was forecasted in season 5 premiere where denny took her with him as soon as the elevator opens up and now back to season 17 he wants mer to stay .
i must say his character is so underrated so underappreciated .
in the recent episode all the scenes between gorge and mer were pure magic to watch .
it has been ages since mer smiled like that .
we need more people like him in the real life .
i would like everyone to discuss both topics but what comes first ?
i took a took course this term 3 and i did n't perform very well in it i did n't fail it either .
if i retake that course as a summer course will it be mentioned in my transcripts that i took it twice or the old scores will be scrapped ?
would the police allowing surveillance footage of an alleged crime to expire be considered unacceptable negligence causing a breach of charter rights due to the defendant bring unable to have a fair trial ?
if the same police division also engaged in an egregious '' strip search in connection with the same set of charges as with the surveillance footage and the charges were summary nothing to do with theft what is the likelihood of the charges being stayed ?
i 've already been browsing etsy for gifts but what i 'm looking for is kind of niche and i 'd rather buy from smaller shops than wade through all of the mass produced stuff flooding etsy right now .
i 'm looking for christmas gifts for my mother it 's okay if they arrive a bit late .
she 's a teacher and very much into both vertebrate and invertebrate paleontology .
i would gladly support some smaller shops if anyone has anything fitting that theme .
i hate to make another post like this a lot of people have been asking for shop recommendations but this is a bit more niche than some others .
want a cart for the stool and laziness factor .
getting older and have more discretionary spending money these days .
but i ca n't get past the title screen .
i literally just finished downloading the game after waiting for it to download for a week now but now i ca n't play
for some reason it cause it to not pick up my controller .
we 're very sad to announce that ron meerbeek from two big boys has passed away .
ron is the third member to go before his time .
he died in london after an awfully long illness on thursday december 3rd 2020 .
very sadly he was not with loved ones at the time of passing because of the pandemic .
the few remaining members of the band are immensely grateful that so many more discovered their music in 2020 and have been so enthusiastic about the new videos and uploads of demos but none more so than ron who was able to have input into the art direction of the new video clips even from hospital .
the band are disappointed about the poor audio quality of the demo tapes uploaded onto the youtube channel but extreme covid lockdown in australia meant they were unable to get tapes mastered and digitized and as we knew ron was likely to leave us soon they worked really hard to get as much content on to youtube in the best way possible at the time so ron could see it before he left us .
ron was incredibly happy with the new video of monkeys on smack which he sang and the new nefertiti clip which was sung by vicki bonet aka stella venucci .
ron wrote the lyrics vicki wrote the music for that song which kicked off the big new wave of followers .
ron meerbeek was also a talented artist and author as well as musician .
you can see his work at ronmeerbeek.com although sales will be stalled for now .
however those wanting to purchase any of his ron 's fiction or illustrated books can buy them through servicesforart.com however please give them some time as all who knew him well are grieving .
vicki aka stella was working with ron on a plan to remix all material and release a limited-edition ep on vinyl and upload all content onto streaming sites .
as ron lived in london and vicki is now in australia that got held up because of the pandemic .
the remaining members do n't know if this plan can go ahead and wo n't be able to give an update on that for a while .
we are going to do everything we can to make this happen .
it made ron incredibly happy that the band 's music found a second generation of fans .
you helped make his last days as happy as he could be .
ron wanted people to experience the band 's music with the new videos and requested those who had previously uploaded nefertiti and/or monkeys on smack to their channels to please take those clips down now as they are not presented in the way he wanted .
despite requesting this on all the channels the band are aware of they sadly remain .
out of respect for ron the band would be grateful if channels would now please take them down unless you have written permission from the band and are able to share that by sending us a copy through our facebook page or insta account .
ron was a key member of two big boys and the remaining band members would dearly like to see his last wishes about our music honored .
the band were accused by one channel owner of stealing people 's copyright but they were mistaken as all vision content was used with permission .
the band have sadly now lost martin wilson aka baxter martin who played tenor sax and clarinet then jeffrey hildreth aka harry day who played guitar both died way too young in the early 90s .
now we have lost another founding member the bright shining star that was ron meerbeek and all who knew him well are broken hearted .
anyone wanting to post tributes may do so on the two big boys indie band channel or facebook page .
first where is the best place/mob to get a garmoth feather ? ? ? ?
second where can i get some sand to put in a duvencrune dish ? ? ?
a place for members of r/dababyrebirth to chat with each other
my wife has an average hrv of 24 i 've bought her magnesium from bioptimizers trukava the apollo .
is there any other hacks y'all may know of ?
a place for members of r/athlos to chat with each other
me and my roommate just spent hours playing „darkest dungeon .
we like the relaxed play style and turn by turn fight mechanics .
do you guys have any suggestions for similiar games which support coop mp campaign ?
i 'm looking to trade or catalog christmas toys !
i have the pink dollhouse the brown tent the red and white mini circuit the flowers pop up book the beige puppy plushie the yellow rc helicopter and the yellow tin robot .
i 'm really looking to catalog or trade for any of the other tents books and puppies .
this is my first reddit post ever and i am was trying to seek help with a vba macro i am having trouble with .
i personally have only macro recorder so working with this macro has caused me some issues .
i am trying to consolidate all the excel files which i have in a folder into one master file .
these excel files in the folder may have more then one sheet .
i currently have it so that it creates a master file from all of the files in the folder and goes through and grabs every single sheet .
the code also renames the sheet name to be the file name sheet name .
however i ran into an issue when i tried to manipulate the code to input the provider name in the first column for every sheet .
so when the loop opens the excel file i would like for it to grab the file name and have column a be the file name all the way down for every sheet in the file and every file in the folder .
this is the code without these changes in it .
i got a tongue drum recently and i 'm happy with the tuning and quality but i do have an issue .
i started playing and very quickly the resonance of the notes was extremely sonically overwhelming .
it hurt my ears a lot and actually made me nauseous .
i am curious if anyone might know a good way to dampen the resonance without affecting the tone too much .
my name is dominic fernandez and i am a phd student at the university of wollongong .
i am looking for volunteers aged 18 or over to take part in a 20-minute survey investigating their beliefs about people with mental illness as part of my phd project .
participation involves being given information about mental illness alongside answering a series of questions about people with a mental illness .
this research may inform the delivery of mental health promotion both in australia and globally .
participants will be eligible to enter a prize draw .
further information is provided on the participant information sheet .
the survey is anonymous and all information will be kept confidential .
participation is voluntary and anyone who participates is free to stop at any point prior to the completion of the survey if they do n't want their data to be collected .
this study has been reviewed and approved by the social sciences human research ethics committee of the university of wollongong reference 2020/398 .
if you have any questions please do not hesitate to email me at df396 uowmail.edu.au mailto df396 uowmail.edu.au
if you are interested in participating or if you know someone who might be interested please go to the following link for more information https uow.au1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/sv\_b3dlxw5ngiegiud https uow.au1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/sv_b3dlxw5ngiegiud ? fbclid=iwar0gkh-nllntzms_h9805hudr0byq8dyfwgixzruhpdmyqt4fuhxldchssm
since i spend way too much time at the computer playing cod i want to strengthen my left foot by getting a good bass pedal practice pad .
i h ave hardwood floors so i would have to put down a piece of carpet .
i will be using it most likely with just a single pedal but i would like to have the option to connect my double pedal also .
i am looking at the gibraltar pad but it looks like it would slide .
pick a stylish party to wear dresses for baby boys from our exquisite range of dresses and make your little champ look really cute on his special days .
i just received my 4.75 in gen4 peecock 3 in 1 .
i am wondering if you guys have made yourselves a harness for something like this !
or do you have any favorite harnesses for packing and playing ?
these youtube channels have a tons of great content that anyone can appreciate regardless of their affinity to cryptocurrencies and they are a great way to build up ground knowledge to help no-coiners understand why crypto is so important .
the money gps https www.youtube.com/c/themoneygps/videos a very data centric channel providing deep analysis of the deterioration of the global financial and monetary systems .
this is perhaps my favorite channel of the bunch .
aimstone https www.youtube.com/c/aimstone/videos mostly about cryptocurrency but he periodically includes macro-economy and financial markets in his discussions .
real vision finance https www.youtube.com/c/realvisionfinance/videos awesome coverage of global economics financial markets and investment strategies .
featuring raoul pal a retired hedge fund manager who has recently become a total crypto convert and evangelist .
peak prosperity https www.youtube.com/c/peakprosperity/videos these guys have been covering the coronavirus extensively but they have great videos on the economy and occasionally include bitcoin into the topic .
silver report uncut https www.youtube.com/c/silverreportuncut/videos great info on economic indicators and a lot of the economic rot that is not typically covered on mainstream media .
stansberry research https www.youtube.com/c/thestansberryresearch/videos fantastic investment/financial insights and high quality interviews .
the rich dad channel https www.youtube.com/c/therichdadchannel/videos robert kiyosaki is a well known businessman and author of the legendary bock rich dad poor dad '' .
making a list of your goals for the day the night before you go to bed significantly helps you to cut the time lost in thinking/deciding the next day .
along with this the fact that you did it before you sleep will keep you mentally prepared when you wake up the next day to do the work .
advanced showcasing is a bunch of advertising methods to offer items and administrations to a particular objective that utilizes the web through online directs and apparatuses in a key manner .
it is a framework that executed in media and web channels .
webi7 best digital marketing company https webi7.com/about-us give occasions to advance a business or brand productively .
portable applications networks long range interpersonal communication websites online internet searcher google publicizing web-based media promoting email showcasing video stage and so on all these are essential for internet showcasing .
computerized showcasing is the transformative type of conventional promoting .
it utilizes new media and channels to plan methodologies that assist organizations with standing apart on the web and draw in more clients .
if anyone has a desktop computer anywhere preferably pink i can trade bells fossils or nmt 's for it !
friend of mine and i put together a new build today .
got through the bios menus and installed windows this morning on the ssd using just one screen .
we noticed that the computer was n't reading the hard drive but we figured we would deal with it tomorrow .
any advice on why that could be would be appreciated but is n't the focus of this post at the moment .
did the initial setup left it to download the witcher while my friend and i were at work and then came back and needed to move it .
should be fine. and allowed it to install then shut itself down .
moved the build to a new room and hooked everything up .
tried attaching both monitors to the graphics card and the motherboard separately .
lg monitors are receiving an input because they tell me that there 's no input when i unplugged them .
willing to post more about the build specs upon request .
one of my greatest friends who lives 20 hours away told me that 's during the month of april she was kidnapped and raped for two days and i wanted to help her but saying i would help her by catching her rapist and i made her upset and i 'm just scared i 'm gon na lose her .
five years later and undertaker has finally retired and sting is in aew .
there was no excuse not to do it when they had the chance they both wrestled on the same wrestlemania ... just not against each other .
a place for members of r/dababyv8 to chat with each other
i 've done 3 collections and got what i wanted lemieux lafleur and selane can i hope my remaining icon collector will be needed on futur collections/upgrades ?
is the speed zone majorly glitched for anyone else ?
my speed stays the same but the world slows down..then the world goes to like 2x speed .
this does n't happen anywhere else on the map .
so i recently bought the game on sale on the xbox one and started a my league .
in the second season the schedule is still shifted to start in december and end in may .
is this an issue on the new generation or only on the old generation .
i do n't hear voices or see things or anything like that .
and i am not detached or lose my sense of reality .
but i have such strong anxiety and fear that i am gon na fucking become possessed by a demon or be killed by a cursed objects like robert the doll that they talk about in youtube if i disrespect it in my head or outloud by saying things like it looks gay or weird or ugly .
i do n't know why i feel this way but i have seen youtube videos and movie about these topics when i was much younger and it really scared me as a child .
now its probably trauma or something but either way i ca n't get these fucking worries out of my goddamn head .
worst part is that i have the urge to research it because i want to see if its truly real or fake in hopes of it being fake .
so far a lot of sources and people have said its not possible and that its a belief that has no proof or evidence and the stories of these topics are actually fake or dramatized .
despite all of this and me logically knowing its not real i still have a strong belief that such things exist and will happen to me .
and worst of all i have a small urge to perform statism and demonic rituals just to see if its fake for myself .
this fucking brings me a tremendous amount of fear worry and it causes me to have panic attacks and think ill fucking go crazy and lose my mind and sense of reality .
my mood grades well being health relationships hobbies etc have taken a drastic toll and i do n't know what the fuck to do .
i already told my therapist and talked about it with him but it still has n't helped .
what can i do ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
by the way i have ocd anxiety adhd depression and bipolar depression .
i was told these thoughts are causes by my disorders but i still feel like these thoughts are real .
for some reason i ca n't do anything online with my playstation account and keep getting the something went wrong message with this error code .
when i check the internet connection everything is fine except for where it says playstation network sign in the status is failed .
i can join my friends on the voice chat but that 's the extent of my online capabilities .
fully charged it and it will not hit at all .
hey guys pls suggest me some latest romance comedy animes like kaguya-sama love is war pls
i 'm about to transfer my system into a new case and i want four 120mm fans for the top .
the case is a thermaltake core v21 ebuyer link here
i 'll eventually be setting up watercooling properly and having two 240mm radiators with these fans pulling the air through them .
i 'll possibly be setting up four more fans to get a push pull configuration too .
what i want are rgb fans that can be changed to green for now but with more options in case i change my mind later .
i do n't want the type with a thick ring around the edge though .
this is where i get a bit stuck though .
and they seem to be what i need but i ca n't tell how many i can run from my motherboard .
i 've got a msi b450m pro-vdh max and it has one jrgb led connector and two fan headers .
would i be able to run four of these fans per header and link them all to the jrgb connector ?
the other option is to get something with a controller like these
but then i ca n't run them from my motherboard and would need to use the controller .
i 'd prefer to control them from the motherboard so that they can be controlled through windows but i do n't want to spend a small fortune either .
just have to make sure mp4 or whatever you 're remuxing to supports the codecs in your mkv .
ironically they also promote treatments like cognitive behavioral therapy as they should which is all about detaching oneself from emotions mostly anxiety through gradual exposure to anxiety inducing situations .
every single book on cbt i 've read has referenced at least one but usually multiple stoics .
yet according to the american psychology association stoicism is toxic masculinity but cbt is the current best psychological treatment ...
no democrats are saying tax the rich but only if they 're republicans .
hey there asian couple who 'd be willing to play ?
we 're pretty low-key do msg me on here if you 're interested
clips from shows should use the clip '' flair be between 10 seconds and 5 minutes long and include the anime name in the title of the post .
if the clip is from a recently aired episode wait a week after the episode 's discussion thread is posted before posting the clip .
additionally we only allow each user to post two clips per month .
reply to this message send a modmail http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fanime or leave a comment in the meta thread https reddit.com/r/anime/search ? q=subreddit 3aanime+author 3aanimemod+title 3a 22meta+thread 22 restrict_sr=on sort=new t=year .
if she did n't get a beating the teacher was being lenient .
my company is based in austin and all my coworkers talk about going to heb all the time !
give me 15 or so to get everyone bred and hatched .
what i 'm about to say is going to make you puke up you 're organs next from what i read amber heard is trying to get a role in pirates of the caribbean .
as time goes on you 'll learn to counter him because every zhin player is the same and you can predict when they 'll use their abilities especially counter .
ooh good tip i 'll reach out to them before we plug it in and see if they have a way to tell .
i discovered how to do it when i was young and tried popping my ears to unblock the pressure .
eventually i got so used to unblocking it i learnt how to do it with no hands but had to stretch my jaw into a yawn position to do so .
from this it leads to the answer your seeking i realised if i just maintain that popping position not i can do so without the yawn jaw i can ear rumble .
so i may have actually taught myself it rather than naturally being gifted ?
you dont believe christs live matters he was neither white nor european
you get to decide what rock bottom looks like and when it is .
you got this i know you 've done crazier shit .
it 's going to be some work and it 's going to suck getting there do n't expect it to be easy but trust me it 's worth it .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 you must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just yes '' or no '' .
you may want to try to post your question in r/polls .
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on askreddit .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
try including question phrases like what is ... '' what are ... '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah tens units are perfectly safe for use anywhere on your body .
the one issue with tens units and why normal people use them for pain relief is that it feels good while stimulating but more importantly the main purpose of a tens unit is to overstimulate the nerves until they are desensitized .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/60fpsporn if you have any questions or concerns .
the true arduinos use the ftdi chip while most of the clones have switched to the ch340 chipset .
i know i have but i do n't remember any details at all lmao
without reading the original language post where i am sure he explains all of his changes/decisions cause a tier list without the accompanying documentation is largely useless if not outright misleading i 'm not sure what exact factors made him drop c0 chidle from the field dps '' role
if the comments he made on the first tierlist not the one with c0 childe the one before that that someone actually translated with comments are any indication i do n't think you 'd get any in depth reasoning .
a lot of the information was shallow and some suggestions were outright bad which made me pretty skeptical about his opinions in general you can check for yourself and take your own conclusion if you search for usagi '' on this subreddit this is just my personal opinion about this dude i 'm much more inclined to believe someone that gives and in-depth explanation with data to back it up
my guess is that they just did n't notice it was a thing until the dlc came out .
in the main campaign i think there 's only one instance of an overdrive sphere once you have the unmaykr .
i think it only became apparent when the elder gods part 1 came out since the unmaykr is a bit more useful there prompting players to use it more .
i definitely did n't know about it until i saw your post and i have almost 400 hours in this game .
but in an interesting parallel now that i think about it me and my family did n't get along very well until i moved out for college now we all get along like gangbusters .
i guess my model for family is someone you want to get away from and only see occasionally .
i 've been hearing that a lot about relationships that they just feel right when they 're right .
i guess it 's probably a maybe means no '' type situation and i 'm just with the wrong person .
trying to find a balance between that and relationships are hard work '' makes it difficult for me to figure out if the person i 'm with is the right one to put in the work or that i should n't have to put in that much work
i also research investment portfolios conservative to really aggressive and it seems i am even more conservative than the typical conservative split .
plus unlike modern systems it was continuous flowing so the water also never stood around in the pipes for long enough to leach the lead into it .
well first of all you do n't have to be so rude .
second that 's not even what he is asking it says order complete and that he paid 81.99€ and then it says he will be charged 159.99€ on december 25 2020 when should be on 2021 since it is a year subscription and bought december 2020 .
is there any word if there if this will be added to crave for canadian viewers ?
what exactly is the process for euthanizing a fish ?
eliminate the max contract all together would fix this imo
i looked at it more intently and figure this was it .
i figured out hannibal and the cop right away but just was n't sure about the top two but because i was thinking about victims for some reason but then as i looked i did get it .
i 've watched it an unholy amount of times lol .
i love it when people share their horror art here !
i so cool to use that bit of the rub pattern too .
nta ... it 's not your fault she strolled by all of the red flags every day and did n't notice .
what are the odds that trump pardons him before it gets much further ?
tbh if you manage to afford a tower that 's worth that much in chimps you deserve that ludicrous power to trivialize to the rest of the game with .
while i do like this approach non chimps modes also kinda serve as an obstacle to this because of farming .
i feel like the current price range of the crazy expensive tier 5s are balanced around farms existing so some price cuts might throw that off hard .
i 'm not really sure how prevalent farming is for breaking the game past easy and intermediate maps though .
things like lategame and impoppable on hard maps are n't exactly common ways to play that get talked about .
chimps balance also barely matters for easier maps because well they 're easy maps .
this is a really common thing to hear about crime shows in general .
which sucks because i 'm f and i love them all .
while its true that i 'd never get most of my friends to watch even something like breakingbad it 's still unfair to say that its a dude show . ''
‘temporarily useful cogs in a profit-producing machine ' is n't a great description of a union dominated social democracy
uh yes it absolutely is what are you talking about ?
the cogs have more bargaining power but that bargaining power is predicated on their usefulness .
when the need for their labor goes away they ca n't bargain their way out of that .
the entire premise of a union and of striking as a tactic is that a the boss needs the labor and b if the labor is withdrawn the boss will suffer .
replacing labor with machinery means that the boss does n't need labor anymore therefore strikes do n't work therefore the union has no power .
what i 'm asking is more specific than why is a socialist system preferable to a market system .
market socialism is a market system it 's a market system where workplaces are owned by their workers .
worker cooperatives are something that already exist you can look up details on actually existing ones if you want .
if a social democratic system is so much more preferable to the capitalist status quo why then is it still too exploitative to accept
i 'd rather lose a finger than a hand but i 'd prefer to lose neither .
did i ever mention anything about what i think i 'm entitled to ?
i 'm not a raving anti-government libertarian type but nothing i said is incompatible with that sort of political position .
even if i loathed all taxation i 'd still like to see people who benefitted from it acknowledge that fact .
simply pointing out that boomers routinely claim credit for work they did not do ?
that is not at all incompatible with full-on anarchist libertarianism .
we can discuss the merits of tax-funded social programs all day long but that 's not what i 'm talking about .
as i said the issue is the fact that the boomers claim credit for everything they have as if they built it from scratch .
you say they think of windfalls as icing on the cake .
most boomers point to things they got for free and say why ca n't you kids work for everything like i had to ? ''
that 's what i 've seen them do far more often than not .
i remember doing stuff like this a decade ago with zazen meditation .
i really dont think most those studies hold much water which is entirely my opinion after having skimmed some of them in the past .
theres just no way to replicate or study something on a scale equal to that of all of america .
most of the studies or just loose experiments i 've come across have relatively very small numbers .
i just dont see any way around massive inflation in some form if it were implemented nationwide .
chased by police canines and charged with assaulting an officer .
to add for one hospitalization i opted to/said i 'd be paying by cc and i did n't need a guarantor key point here .
went ahead with the card at the end but i think i could also have just paid cash .
i 'm trying to look for a cheaper sunscreen without any white cast .
have been back dozens of times enjoying the people customs and sights all over the country .
making some personal '' connections with the people that i was n't allowed to as a missionary .
i have no contact with any japanese from that time .
they were only a number to me back then .
i did however meet my best friend of the last 39yrs the first time i went back to japan .
it was hard to watch people get chased down the street by overzealous elders .
the church got a black eye in the view of most japanese .
they discontinued the method of street contacting '' shortly after .
call me the anti-christ but i keep my phone in my left pocket and my wallet in my right .
he had a big fan base from his time in college .
thats where his popularity is coming from and hes done pretty well so far in the pros
one of you ruined me when you mentioned that da always has her fingers in her mouth when she talks .
it 's all i notice now and it drives me insane !
that your body knows you are ready to handle those insecurities so it pushes them out into dreams ?
you use future tense dating her and fucking her and everything relationship should be a now thing .
you need to schedule as much time for individual dates as you so foe group time .
i can send you a brief paper i wrote examining the topic .
pm me and i will be happy to send it to you .
short answer yes capital punishment is appropriate for capital crimes .
oh sorry but your missing a corner that i tore off and forgot to give you how else can i help you today sir
my gramma heavily believes that smearing butter on burns will help it out .
if you are curious no its not helpful you are just making your already sensitive tissue more tasty to the bacterias that will probably try to infect your burn .
i am 5 pictures of infected burns away from making she see how bad of an idea it is .
so i prepared for this election fortunately far enough in advance that i beat the rona .
should have stocked more practice ammo but oh well always more stuff we want then we have .
i do n't blame them i let myself be vulnerable and did n't guard myself to take a chance and hope by letting people in things would get better and they did for a bit but it was fleeting .
i 'm not depressed and i can only be upset at myself .
i know i can find a way out but i do n't believe losing everything i have is a fair trade for getting out i 'm not willing nor am i going to accept it .
i mean i have 3 gbb pistols it 's honestly easy .
it 's all mechanical rather than electrical and they 're a lot simpler .
he lost an arm his virginity and the duckbutt .
i find it mind-blowing that i have to keep explaining to people how much words matter .
trump was found by cornell to be the world 's largest source of coronavirus misinformation which is getting plenty of people killed .
his refusal to accept the election has led to a nightmarish increase in tension with poll workers receiving death threats from his supporters and the worst probably still ahead of us .
he 's also ushered in a new era of climate denialism and i 'm not sure what to say to people who do n't see how that is dangerous .
when you have influence you can do tons of damage only using words .
some of the worst people in history are infamous for how they harnessed words to incite violence for example .
video is funny because of a 'joke ' or situation not the actual laughter
no timestamp in the title or comments for a laugh occurring at specific time long videos
read more about the rules of this subreddit here https www.reddit.com/r/contagiouslaughter/about/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/contagiouslaughter if you have any questions or concerns .
how many of these batches have you made like ever ?
i was staring at that light saber for like 5 min super confised
i feel like this upcoming game against the cardinals is going to be a litmus test for goff .
i want to see goff respond to his subpar performance recently with mvp like game this sunday .
he is great in some games and terrible in some games .
moreover i have been disappointed by our offense recently even in our wins .
r/nude_selfie it 's a huge subreddit and your posts would fit there for sure !
r/legalteens top 10 nsfw subreddits with 1 million subscribers .
r/gonewild18 only for self posters 18 19 yo girls .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barelylegalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
lol i was joking that prob was n't clear i guess
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
this chick literally bragged about the affa-david that she signed which proves that she 's telling the truth !
this is an awesome slug fact i love it ! !
do you have the version of this image without the text on it ?
regardless of language though i think you did an amazing job .
i swear half this sub does n't even watch the games .
djm is the wr22 by ppg player in my league .
make sure to check out these other great onlyfans promotion subreddits !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/promoteonlyfans if you have any questions or concerns .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
kid put himself in that situation looking to kill someone .
he deserved to die right there but life in prison would be an acceptable substitute .
yeah i did n't know he 's one until someone told me on this post .
usually you 'll need to be in a union though so you 'll pay union dues .
ovechkin with the cup would be worth way more .
your post was removed because it did not contain the right gender tags .
please delete your submission and try again using the correct format .
also take a moment to read the subreddit rules that are in the sidebar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/couplesgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
hi u/yknotme your post breaks the rules https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules of r/funny and has been removed for the following reason s
if you feel this was done in error or if you would like further clarification please do n't hesitate to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffunny .
all of this started from that 1 simple comment .
violation of this rule will result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/breeding if you have any questions or concerns .
to learn more about verification or to verify please read how to get verified https www.reddit.com/r/averagepenis/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/averagepenis if you have any questions or concerns .
if they try to use this year as an excuse
but they have n't which is precisely why i 'm willing to cut them some slack .
we could all use some slack right about now .
for an average person if you 're looking for a hit man it 's probably much easier and much cheaper to find some random junkie/low-life to do it then it is to find a professional hit man who is capable of killing someone without leaving a trace .
here 's https www.google.com/amp/s/www.presstelegram.com/2015/03/04/millionaire-husbands-murder-plot-of-lynn-schockner-featured-on-dateline-nbc/amp another case of an inept hit man that i saw on dateline recently .
the guy paid someone 50k to kill his ex-wife and then that guy outsourced it to some random guy he met at a gym for 5k .
the guy who killed her had no idea what he was doing and got caught immediately .
so yeah hit man murders are not always professional like you see in movies
all you have to do is change to a japanese netflix i do n't have vpn so i 'm not sure what the proper term is
i guess they switched up i used to go cart crazy and buy 3 or 4 at a time lol
q why are n't you donating this money to charity ? ''
a why are n't you donating this money to charity ? ''
discuss the merits of ideas do n't attack people .
insults hate speech advocating physical harm can get you banned .
if you posted a meme or funny image and it is n't friday delete it or you 'll get temp-banned .
please read the posting guidelines https redd.it/ew8trb for further information .
if you are unsure about anything then feel free to message the mods .
if you see posts/comments in violation of our rules please be proactive and report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/exmuslim if you have any questions or concerns .
my problem with ryan reynolds is that he plays the same character in every movie he plays ryan reynolds dry wit sarcastic dark humor
i would go with calls expiring 2/19 and sell right before earnings .
your post was removed from r/dxm because you do not have enough account karma !
we require folks to have at least 50 account karma before they 're able to make posts !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dxm if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nude_selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
thanks somehow always manage to miss my reddit cake day though lol
if i was you i would switch to a different math major and just do the med school pre reqs separately .
for me the neuro 101 series has been considerably tougher than almost all of the math upper divs i 've taken .
your post has been removed because you are below the required karma threshold required to post here .
we have a set minimum of karma needed to post here in order to prevent spam from new or throwaway accounts and bots .
we do not reveal the karma threshold please do n't contact the moderators about this !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makemesuffer if you have any questions or concerns .
lots of people never learned to mind there business but at the same time most people on reddit do n't leave reddit so there safe .
scalpers are trash but you got me fucked up if you think i have any intention on going the length with any of them .
does n't need nearly as much details as what you 've got here looks awesome !
edit only my sister has been prescribed ritalin and menthylphenidat or whatever it 's called .
but i was still in preschool age so all i remember is my mom getting freaked out about it .
350s just have n't been the same since the zion .
save up and try to find a pair of cinders .
if google removes it this sub would complain that they used it all the time .
that actually made me sad ... wishing your partner has low self esteem ?
dear lord i mean i hope you would want your partner to be happy .
intro trailer will load and we crash before the menu loads .
fwiw i can play gta v and others without issue mentioning to speak to temp issues .
thank you this is a helpful way to think .
for some reason marriage is just something that i have found myself yearning for but i have n't fully worked out why so i came to reddit looking for perspectives to help me navigate the differing feelings .
your post has been removed due to spam around this topic .
if you believe this was a mistake please send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffortnitebr .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitebr if you have any questions or concerns .
your submission has been automatically removed as per posting rule 3 r/bigonewild does not allow promotion of content paid or free on any other sites of any kind .
please review our rules here https www.reddit.com/r/bigonewild/about/rules before attempting to post again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
i joined two telegram channels with this name quite pragmatic material shared across
the problem with crait is that it 's at the end of the day another barren planet .
i 'm not saying it has to be an overdesigned mess but it 's just red salt the planet .
i suppose the red crystals were nice but it 's kinda boring to look at .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
no one has heard of it but man i was obsessed with that game .
okay so i have the same thought every year except ... .6:1 ?
you burn 1 purple for 4 weeks 1 purple for 3 and another for 1 plus a pink for 2.. thats 8:2 ie 4:1 ratio .
not the ratio they sell but also not 6:1 !
did n't he actually state that it was a recruitment event ?
that 's what i 'm most worried about tbh .
they 're already saying they do n't think they 'll need to replace the kitchen ceiling see video
i have pretty serious asthma/respiratory issues since i had covid back in march .
not sure what i 'm gon na do since money is so night and the process for breaking a lease is so difficult
we hope you enjoy this wonderful community we are building !
please also continue to follow post guidelines and submit verification for easier post approval .
we hope you continue to post regularly to barelyclothed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barelyclothed if you have any questions or concerns .
once apex moved to steam i saw no more need for it the games i bought on that platform be damned anything to get away from origin
sorry bought this so i do n't have one .
the market is moving bigly in either direction tomorrow .
hallmark is not going to want to defer their revenue .
i was at 124lp and thought i needed another win to be sure .
now sitting at 0 lp so make of that what you will !
i found that every game i lost was 25 and every win only 15 so it 's super hard to come back from a couple of losses
why spend money when there is all sorts of software that can do that for free ?
if you 're gon na spend money spend it on hardware .
i would love to know what kind of it work she is doing .
nope doesnt go down since you didnt get him from a box
for most people the only reason they would get this movie is bc of johnny depp .
without him this shit is gon na suck and profit wise its going down the shitter
with my country getting the products later than the us i 've decided a speedrun figure review would help people out .
feel free to check it out and let me know what you think
i guess i 'm just used to the artist subreddits
im so sorry about your dad please stay strong ❤️
after reading most of the comments here and your reply to a lot of them .
covers your bases easily enough and can kill all but the biggest game in north america reasonably well with good shot placement wile not being too prohibitively expensive or having an excessive recoil .
also if you can find an old gold trigger one that has n't had the barrel shot out it will likely be more accurate than you
yeah thats what they said back in 1918 when they wore masks for the spanish flu ... did a great job ! !
edit lets all let that settle in for a moment ... the same solution used in 1918 is being touted today
i host a server and ran a private round so it just me and the station .
as i mentioned the black input pump act up preventing the gas flow properly i think .
node 1 show 60 plasma 40 oxy but node 2 show 80 oxy 20 plasma
i went to her instagram and am shocked by how many people are upset their ancestors statutes '' are taken down and how they are on her side .
i do n't know why but this reminded me of jonah hill doing slam poetry in 22 jump street
it only has a 20 drop rate.not everyone is lucky enough to get it.👍
ppb showed up quickly since i asked for medical emergency .
i did n't know at the time this meant they sent ems so i kinda felt bad when the paramedics arrived .
the officer i spoke with was everything one would want police to be in such a situation .
she either left or hid out in her apt .
i have an automatic and like to do quick launches every so often could this happen to my car ?
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
i 've never really thought of it as transphobic before .
i just saw it as selfish in that males expect their partners to deal with emotions etc .
but because society has put such emphasis on somebody sleeping with a mans woman directly reflects on that males masculinity '' that the male would rather restrict his partner than deal with breaking that taboo himself .
i have a bunch of projects i 'd love to share with other women .
my local maker group is very much dominated by men who have a much higher opinion of their intelligence and how fascinating their projects are than is justified .
like i said last time why would n't they be canon ?
mousse is really tasty but i personally like cheesecake .
if made correctly it is n't too sweet but is still really good
add 5 too and it 's the only right answer
i would love to see a report on the beloved krave sunscreen too just to have peace of mind .
krave sunscreen is not sold in the eu i would guess it 's because they have n't passed the strict eu sunscreen regulations but have no idea
i often find i get that sensation from drinking craft colas ginger drinks like ginger beer i also get it from whiskey .
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_6 in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
but the law is important to get to the root of the problem
man you need a beefy windows computer to become a vtuber .
not to the government because it 's a small voter block they ca n't pander to .
that 's just how it is with any government they are n't in it for humanitarian reasons but for the votes .
🤖 i 'm a bot that helps you download videos !
you can share crosspost videos there to get an immediate reply and help reduce comment spam
to some extent i always crave this feeling of being „there again i.e .
in the days/weeks after my last trip but it 's the strongest exactly when the peak is over this is when i start taking more to get back „there .
image is n't loading for me so i ca n't say for sure but light blue goes with pretty much everything .
i 'd personally go with khakis if i 'm correctly imagining what you described .
does not apply when replying to this stickied comment .
what this means please keep any meta '' discussion directed at specific users mods or r/conspiracy in general in this comment chain only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
as the parent of a transgender son i would give you the biggest hug of your life you if you stood up to someone who did this to my child it takes real guts to do this and you sure as hell have those .
absolutely nta and do n't apologize she has what was coming to her .
congrats on your boyfriends transition and good luck to him for the future !
u can both go guardian there 's no harm in that .
actually i think you can migrate to australia if you 're under 30 and have 30kish in the bank
how about just noah do n't get the boat ? ?
when i 'm at subway and i 've finished off my veggie i 'll ask for salt and pepper and very clearly say and that 's all i do n't like sauce on my subs so i do n't ask for any but even after i say that they still ask if i want want sauce every single time and it bothers me because i go to the same subway and see the same employees every time .
also if i wanted sauce i would ask for it ...
did you guys notice there actually buildings in that picture ?
i work at a theater and adam aaron held a conference call where he said amc was losing more money than if we were closed .
theaters are n't going to be close to the same until mid 2021 at the earliest and we 'll have to see how many stay open until then .
other studios are definitely holding behind the scene talks especially with this wb announcement .
i 'm not a bot but i do have pet peeves .
hi i played a show with her a loooong time ago .
she seemed like a reasonable person. i 'm dad .
every time i hear this i keep imagining it as a call of duty game .
stylized soldier walking away from the camera lit by orange and blue
will it hurt baby top of his head ? ''
and i 'm sure greg bryk would love it !
op is implying that writing in the fan fiction novels is better than the writing for the films .
even both of nvidia 's packs were not working with lava the rest of the lighting was but i wanted that lava glow !
hi o-dsmt has 4 times affinity to mu respect parent compound i 'm dad .
wow it 's great works on the latest version 15.47.3 and i see no ads what-so-ever .
only caveats is there 's zero settings and it 's lacking a few features i like removing the explore tab removing the forward and previous on the video removing recommended videos on the pause screen and removing stupid overlays .
jeong can take a lot of credit for south korea 's turnaround which saw it go from the world 's second-worst covid-19 outbreak in feb to a case count that 's about 1/60th of the number in the u.s
purple rain is one of the greatest songs of all times of course but the rest of his music is weird and self indulgent .
yes but if you have to penny pinch points to get a sl the odds you actually get to use it rapidly decrease .
hey there it appears your post is a request to trade buy sell or otherwise use this subreddit as an in-game marketplace which is not allowed .
we also do not allow in-game items to be given away .
if you think your thread has been incorrectly removed please contact the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fanimalcrossing with a link to this post and politely ask us to re-approve your thread !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/animalcrossing if you have any questions or concerns .
genuine question why does everyone like charles so much ?
he was cool do n't get me wrong but he aint stand out as a character for me or or anything he was just a cool headed native american who loved animals .
i 'm not sure why everyone gravitates to him it 'd make more sense if everyone gravitated like that toward sean or some shit cuz at least sean was funny .
he 's just putting on a show for the fringes as an electoral strategy .
once he 's in office-for-life he 'll mellow out .
all the information and people who are scientists and representatives talking about the complexities .
the cells were from living chickens and they can use them many many times .
and the environmental impact is supposed to be way lesser .
it is a complicated issue but at the end of the day it 's millions of animals who are not being slaughtered and a whole lot less methane .
i wont be on until tomorrow around 32h from now but i have a je90 mini i could trade for your be25 hm
i thought he set it down on the rocks not in his ship
yeah the first pics i saw of charcoal chamois vibergs were a very shiny grey s s 2055 build .
i figured they were just imbued with more oil than other charcoal chamois builds after seeing other pics .
you see a lot of tonal variation with mushroom chamois too .
i could n't be asked to use one without an applicator the absolute worst .
i 'm more miffed about being unable to adjust size to proper character sizes .
i mean amy is ever so slightly smaller than the smallest cas and astaroth is far beyond the regular 5 .
those character sizes are theoretically possible as we see custom characters of those sizes in the libra of souls mode .
but we do n't get to use them ourselves .
we ca n't even say adjust size to style default '' .
one thing thats possible is one of the cars you have had some engine options removed so it flagged you for having a car with more hp than it should
if it 's negatively impacting your life it might be a good idea to talk to some kind of medical professional .
i have a few friends with adhd and it does sound similar to how i 've heard them describe it .
super surprised about the razor crest they 've gone full marketing with that by making the lego set haslab and i 'm sure more toys .
this has internal auto-crit but causes you to lose sword stance .
this has internal auto-crit due to reta but causes you to lose reta .
since your c2 buffs are all used goto 1 .
oh that 's good you can deff dispute it if you paid by merchant
billie jean is not my lover she 's just a girl who spends all hertimeeatingspaghettiandmeatballlllllls
i 'm on series x and tonight i switched over the playerbase on the series x version is incredibly tiny .
i 'm actually curious if fut progress will be cross-platform such that i can switch between them .
i know that pro-clubs progress did not carry over and when i saw drop-ins tonight it was 127 people lol
bilbo put it in a little glass case on his mantle
maybe because it 's the type of skins that sell out the most out of the asian regions and that 's because lol is the most played moba in asia ?
my opinion is unpopular anyways and god fucking help us if we talk about anything related to china and tencent in this subreddit but this is n't hard to understand when looking back to the content that riot has been focusing on for the last ten years it 's slowly and progressively been targeted towards a chinese playerbase rather than an european or american playerbase .
none of my friends listen to kpop and none of the people i know in my country care about kda .
yet it 's still the main skin line and before it was star guardian .
admittedly i 'm no expert on mussolini 's economics in so far as the kingdom of italy 1922-43 .
i 'm not quite sure what to make of it honestly .
it 's an interesting mix of corporations having a lot of discretion but are ultimately subordinate to the state while still maintaining the veil of independence . ''
as far as labor is concerned it 's hard to see where labor fits in .
with everything/everyone ultimately subordinate to the state it makes labor organization a bit of a moot point if the state ultimately strike down whatever arbitration the labor organization is attempting to do that 's just illusory freedom .
additionally the system appears be more of a reward setup for loyalty than it does any experience article 13 of the labour charter of 1927 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/labour_charter_of_1927 .
tl dr it seems like state capitalism but just another name for it
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
mercedes openess approach in managementis some times refreshing and at times times cold .
i still believe toto had the best interests of the team at heart .
the civilized decent people who understand why it is and should be called dersim and the low-budget nazis who pride themselves in murder of children .
i 've got the most hours in gtav mostly online but it 's far from being my favourite game .
virtual bands have existed for a long time dethklok being another example but they were envisioned as bands created as bands and they function as bands full-time .
it feels so out-of-place seems characters from a moba not even a single-player story-driven game leaving their metaspace their universe to create a band in real life world .
imagine if they did this with comic characters especially groups like new mutants or young avengers ?
yep they come out in europe and south america too
i miss my dog being this small but then again she was really crazy lmao
you bring up a good point..🙂truth is i could be wrong .
i just want to make sure that the person reading understands that i 'm not saying ‘my way is the right way ' .
i 'm ok with it as long as it 's not harming anyone .
it really gets to me when i find people who are afraid of what comes next .
i only want to give a bit of comfort by sharing what i 've come to believe .
in too many cookie-cutter shows the characters seem to exist wholly and solely for the purpose of posing their way through whatever the moral of the week is .
there 's no indication that they exist beyond that they 're cardboard cutouts .
with mlp it 's a lot easier to get the impression that when the credits roll everyone in ponyville and beyond is still living their lives running their businesses hanging out with their own circles of friends pursuing their hobbies annoying their neighbors and so on .
it actually strongly reminds me of the muppets particularly in the late 70s .
the characters chatted casually between acts and had jobs to do and irritated and mocked each other backstage and had consistent and fully realized personalities and were definitely not all sweetness and light and sugar .
but it was that realism of character which drew so many people in .
crush the cookies into a fine powder in a food processor and once that 's done add the melted butter .
press the crumbs into a springform tin and place in the fridge while you make the filling .
in a mixing bowl add the coffee creamer and water and mix it together .
then add the condensed milk and mix until dissolved .
add the lemon juice gradually bit by bit and the mixture will start to thicken and come together .
once the juice has been used up take the tin with the crumbs in it and pour the filling into it .
smooth out the top and place in the fridge overnight overnight because this contains no gelatin and therefore will take longer to set .
once set take out of the fridge slice and serve !
made this for my family quite a few times and they absolutely love it 😊
so basically you accuse these people in their lack of patriotism ?
tried flirting jokingly '' on someone before she flirted back .
i got shocked because i dont want her to seduce my sweet virgin soul
you got one of our new cad 5 polymer bills !
there should be a small clear spot that if you shine a laser pointer through it you can cast an image on the wall .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/duklock if you have any questions or concerns .
i have n't watched yet but people on kf were saying she probably read this article https metro.co.uk/2020/12/01/bodybuilder-marries-sex-doll-after-two-years-of-dating-13681356 and is copying it
i had my edible early this evening and then it wore off and the pain in my neck came back very ferociously so i 'm into my fourth or fifth or sixth serving of i do n't know what the fuck it is other than rum and some kind of mixer .
boohoo lol just bring back a receipt and talk to them about what went wrong it 's not that hard
we provide for each other in such a way that no one needs to sell their labour to survive .
or we keep doing capitalism and take it from the fucking billions of dollars we spend on blowing up civilians in the middle east .
ok i just realized i grew up around girls so i had to see jb every flipping day
yeah i meant for your country since i 'm norway we have julebrus which means christmas soda .
people are crazy about them and i was curious to see what the world had to offer .
patriarchy only exist if you focus exclusively on women 's disadvantages and men 's advantages and ignore men 's disadvantages and women 's advantages..
people say how can you say patriarchy does n't exist see how women are treated in islamic countries '' !
that 's exactly the problem why only see how women are treated and ignore how men are treated !
they were n't from planet vegeta they arrived there from the planet they blew up so the size of the palace is n't a good indication of anything .
also a big palace indicates only riches not population the saiyans conquer planets for a living so of course their king is loaded .
their own dwellings look positively tribal i doubt there are more than a few hundred .
in fact it 's very likely that the saiyans we saw there waiting for freeza are pretty much the whole race .
bts ' impact is leagues above any other kpop group 's impact at this point
there was a user who was legit pulling up names of other popular idol groups e.g .
shinee exo to argue that bts has n't done enough to be exempted .
like i love my shinee taemin and seventeen but there 's no way i can argue they have had as much impact as bts .
sadly i think it will keep ramping up for a while longer .
the first thing you need to do is answer the following three questions
2 what is the bare minimum i need this computer to do ?
3 what would i like to see this computer capable of ?
this is going to help anyone help you figure out what will work best for your needs and your wants .
i was frustrated and rushing wanting to stay in bed longer but regretfully getting up to get ready for work .
i did n't feel like making any food nor did i leave myself with enough time to prepare some .
i went to wendy 's and i was a little late for work .
tried to distract myself with games and netflix i work overnight security so i get that freedom but the sadness just kept getting worse .
i feel bloated from wendy 's tired from not sleeping long enough i 'm irritated really anxious and i feel like crying even though i have no reason to feel sad .
hey guys i 've just recently came back to the game after a good few years out probably took a break when reboot was created .
i would love to give reboot a go and test things out .
have you guys got any advice on how to start in reboot ?
i normally use prime 95 to test things but wanted to try occt on the recommendation of someone .
i ca n't afford to buy a 150 license let alone a 500 license .
i was just thinking about entrepreneurs and their challenges and what comes to my mind is that we all know what we have to do to make more money at least roughly but we just ca n't make ourselves follow these steps ?
it seems like we are acting as our biggest enemies who prevents us from taking the right action and build our dream life .
does anyone experiencing that or had experienced that in the past ?
so i have been practising chaos magick for the past two years maybe ?
it 's really helped with me feeling more capable of creating organising and empowering myself .
i had my fist major success this week and i 'm so glad i 've been able to have a positive influence in someone 's life !
i hope this wee story brings faith to you all if you 're doubting yourselves .
my friend and foraging buddy who is a wonderful funny sensitive sarcastic legend of a woman has the worst luck ever .
my first proper meeting with her ended in disaster the tyres blew on my car my stuff ended up in a mechanics truck miles away neither of us had any money barely any food .
at least two more of our mutual friends have experienced this shit show of bad luck while with her .
i do n't know whether someone has cursed her but honestly that 's how it seems .
so her cat has been sick like dying her brothers a suicidal heroin addict she has very little money and is overqualified for most jobs she applies for .
the vets bills were piling up for her and she still remained positive despite this all .
so i sent her a card featuring my artwork of a witch inside i added a rune for luck wishing her all the luck in the world and an ink drawing of her with her cats and plants looking wholesome .
she received it in the post and cried tears of joy which i was so pleased about i wanted to put a smile on her face throughout dark times .
later on that afternoon she sent me a photo with a message mind blown '' .
she had just had a relative at the door with an envelope with her name on it redirected from her old address in america to the relatives house .
she opened it inside was a cheque in the sum of £725 from a retirement fund she forgot about .
enough to cover the vets bills and hopefully get more treatment for her kitty who started to eat on her own that day after a week of not moving eating or drinking by herself .
i am 6 days past my expected due date with my second baby and all sigils and runes have been empowered as much as i can i have written affirmations burned candles and oils and summoned patience and strength for days and days with very little sign of progress into labour .
wonderful witches please send me healing and energies to progress and have a positive birth and healthy baby boy under tonight 's moon .
love and luck in all your practises lovely folk .
i 'm part time and i was told this peak season hour change would n't affect me .
well i just so happen to look and my schedule says i need to be there in like 5 min not gon na happen
i looked ahead and it 's only like this for 2/3 weeks and then it goes back to my normal time is this some kind of glitch ?
what happens if i end up going in late ?
i had been checking my schedule and this literally just popped up i 've never noticed this before ...
has anybody experienced a enhancement in their sympmtoms after a few weeks and decided to taper it off just after two months of teraphy ?
i skipped a day because i was n't at home and that following day i felt quite better and more cloudy '' and myself .
so i was thinking if after two months i could stop and benefit from it eventually .
is the new bounty hunting role worth 15 bars ?
personally i think bounty hunting should pay more per bounty .
8 hours in and its only on 37.8 why did this happen ?
when you are always looking for a plumber in local areas you need to remember a few things such as plumber experiences qualification there are other things that you will find on our website so that you can get a good and cheap plumber can search without any help .
if you are looking a plumbing service in new orleans https nationaleconomyplumber.com/services click here immediately .
my understanding is that you can only name a card .
it surprised me with a game earlier today that my opponent named nightmare and got protection from ashiok nightmare muse 's tokens .
hey folks i got elite dangerous a good while back when borann was all the craze and put in 60 hours worth of ltd mining .
got a conda vulture type 9 all that good stuff with very mild engineering mainly to boost fsd range .
i wan na get back into elite dangerous again but i hear mining is both nerfed and broken .
i also hear bounty hunting is up big and one thing i always wanted to try but could n't out of rebuy anxiety was exactly that bounty hunting .
i 'm sitting on a good few tens of millions a vulture with power issues and an anaconda im clueless on how to use .
what 's my best bet on getting started with real bounty hunting ?
by real bounty hunting i mean in the range of millions anybody can take on a few harmless 50k boys .
yesterday i came out to my wife we 've been married 11 years and together in total for 17 .
i also came out to my mom my mother in-law and my kids .
i always identified as bisexual but in the past year i 've come to the realization that i 'm not attracted to females and that i only want to be with men .
she does n't understand how one can just be gay .
i 've tried to explain it but if you 're not the one having these feelings it makes it quite difficult to understand .
they do n't want us divorce they do n't want me to move out of the home and it breaks my heart to see them like that .
i know in my heart that i 'd never truly be happy if we stayed on this path and i only wish i had known earlier because there is a lot of anger which she has every right to be .
i 've flipped my family 's world upside down .
i know i ca n't be the only one ...
on train on way home from being on the piss since 12pm .
i did use qr code at the venues i was at .
deviation samples are the responsibility of assessing the suitability of samples provided for testing in the laboratory for all tasks .
how do you display sub goals on your stream ?
do you only show a daily or weekly smaller sub goal ?
or maybe you show your overall number of subs ?
i 'm trying out a monthly sub goal where i increase the goal by 5 for the next every time the goal is reached but i 'm not sure if its better to do this or to just set a higher goal for the whole month at the get go .
i 'd love to hear what you guys do and what you think is best in incentivizing viewers to show support through subbing !
so like mail-merge but from excel to excel because i have added formulae that will perform calculations .
i have a data file name address code cost etc .
and another statement format file where i have to input the data from the data file in different rows and columns and then print out a pdf .
i would also be grateful if i can give the name of the pdf files from the data file .
ok so i recently just beat persona 4 golden and i beat kusumi no okami but was n't i supposed to beat izanami as well ?
the game did n't tell me anything either it just ended .
was i supposed to max out adachi 's social link or something ?
i 've been working at a store owned by an indian family in tennessee for over a decade now .
they 've treated me extremely well and think of me like part of the family .
their eldest daughter we 'll call her sarah '' graduated college last year but she did n't do as well as they wanted and she had to switch her major halfway through .
she has n't been able to get a job and her parents have been pushing more and more work at the store onto her .
her mom got sick earlier this year and has n't been able to work since so now sarah 's doing 60-80 hours per week .
she turned 29 recently and she told me her dad sat her down and laid out a ten year plan for her life .
she has n't told me all the details but i have a suspicion that it includes marriage .
from some things she and her sister have said to me i think they 're pushing their parents to pick me rather than trying to set her up with someone .
for my part i care about sarah a lot and she 's smart and beautiful and we get along great so i would say yes if that 's how this is going .
but the thing is i 'm a white guy from the united states .
i 'd be grateful if anyone could answer a few questions for me
when the owners made me full-time and again when they offered me health insurance they did n't approach me directly about it .
instead sarah 's mom went to my mom to make the offer .
is there anything i should do to signal my interest ?
or is it better to pretend i do n't have any idea what 's going on ?
i 've been poking around different south asian reddit groups and i 've seen some references to families doing background checks or asking potential spouses about their family histories .
what sort of things would they be looking for ?
once they ask how fast do these things usually move ?
would this be months and months of planning or be ready next friday '' ?
they have relatives living out of state and some in india though i do n't know if any grandparents are still alive .
is the rest of the family going to want a say in this ?
since sarah and i would depend on her parents for income i would assume we 'd end up living with them .
i 'm guessing i 'd be running around doing chores and errands whenever i was n't at the store right ?
one of sarah 's problems is that even though her parents keep dumping responsibility onto her they still treat her like a child .
to what degree would i be able to stand up for her without causing problems ?
should i expect a ton of pressure to start making babies ?
constantly in the tetris royale mode i 'm spammed with constant power '' trash lines and went from being number one in my area to number 11 because of some spammers .
i ca n't play a good game is tetris competitively without being spammed .
i made a typing error for a fill-in-the-blank assignment on the lms .
since it 's case sensitive i asked my professor if she could correct my grade .
she said no she sees it on tests but there 's too many students so it would n't be fair .
what laptop should i get..atleast its ram is 8 gb and i want a specs that can play genshin impact on it and also some visual novel games .
im not an expert when it comes to specs .
help me😔 also i wan na use it for online classes
ive been rid of smokes for 1 month and two weeks .
my work in foodservice combined with a week of exams starting early tomorrow morning has created a lot of stress for me .
i almost found myself getting a pack after work or bumming one off a coworker just for one more but decided overall to push through my shift and go home .
how do those who have quit manage these urges ?
i 've been tossing around the idea of streaming my crochet projects .
it would n't be a tutorial channel just cozy hanging out crochet sessions .
i thought it could be a fun way to connect with the crochet community .
i 'm wondering if people would be interested in something like that ?
basically i like my teacher and want to stop before i embarrass myself .
he 's the youngest teacher i 've ever had early 20 's and i am in my mid teens minor .
i 'm not going to get into the reasons why i like him but he 's never said anything misguiding or inappropriate to me to make me start liking him .
in fact i do n't think we 've ever really spoken at all .
i blush like a tomato when i 'm around him and i can not form a single coherent sentence .
very embarrassing 10/10 would not recommend and i 'm pretty sure he 's catching on .
he 's literally married and this situation is just ... uuugg ...
i wish there was a button i could press to make it stop .
will i be banned for saying the n word .
i always wanted to grow christmas tree plants but when ever i attempted to do so they all failed .
are there any effective methods for propagation of christmas tree clippings since it 's season to get them from the store .
i tried to make my own guardian farm in my survival without a tutorial .
so i drained a huge box in the ocean to prevent spawns and made it look all nice and now i have no clue what to do or how to make it and i can find any good videos on it .
i 'm looking for people who know how to hack .
employee tracking https empmonitor.com/blog/employee-tracking-software-3 utm_source=q 26a utm_medium=reddit utm_campaign=nishi 20pradhan software is a software which is practiced for assuring proper tracing of employees ' actions production speed while production hours .
this software provides workers managers to control and conduct employees ' real-time exercises .
this software also traces the time of work including the current working hours and wasted hours of agents .
according to my opinion emp monitor is a popular employee tracking software that begins with advanced features .
here the benefits of using the employee tracking software in the organizations as follows
i have an amazon affiliate website that gets around 13.000 pageviews a month .
but for the last 48 hours i think my website is being attacked .
normally i get 300-400 users per day but for the last 48 hours my website got around more than 12.000 direct traffic to one specific post of mine latest post .
i have turned on '' i 'm under attacked '' mode on cloudflare if you turn on this mode it runs a javascript or a challenge to understand you 're a human but somehow they managed to pass it .
normally on my site there should be a 4 or 5 person at a time for the last 48 hours i 've been seeing up to 90 people and 87 of them are on the same page also clicking my affiliate links as well .
one thing i noticed is they 're all on mobile devices and coming from different ip 's
so since i could n't handle it i decided to remove the last post i did n't delete it i just change the status to private it 's not public anymore .
so the bots or the program is still trying to access that specific url
they should be seeing this url mydomain/slug and this text oops !
but they 're seeing this url mydomain**/404.html ? page=/**slug from=android-app com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox
and due to this increase my amazon clicks and earnings have increased in the last 48 hours they might be regular people that have got a malicious program on their phones and they might not even know that they 're on my site .
so i 'm concerned about getting banned from amazon even though i 'm not doing anything .
and i 'm also concerned that this might affect my seo since thousands of people coming and leaving the site under seconds .
i 've downloaded wordfence ithemes blackhole for bad bots bbq firewall plugins and it did n't help .
i 've changed the cloudflare status to '' i 'm under attacked '' it did n't help not i changed it again to '' high '' since i 'm under attacked mode does n't allow google bots as well .
i 've contacted my host they told me that they scanned the site and the security scan did n't find anything .
they checked the logs did not see a ton of traffic from bots at this time .
they say that they do see a lot of traffic coming from an ipv6 from salesforce.coach no idea what that is .
so i do n't know what else to do does any of you have any thoughts or opinions any suggestion would be much appreciated .
use my referral code when you sign up for your on onlyfans below ⬇️
what is everyone using to get automated warnings/notification in case something is up with their validator ?
for example from beaconchain website if i miss one attestation .
hey i have a computer that can not run sc at the moment and i am wondering if anyone could help me with what i would need to upgrade in it .
i am not looking for the best part but enough to play sc at a playable fps .
and i think my power unit is 4 or 5 hundred
edit thanks for all the answers i think i know how i shall proced now .
i am rated 500 what is the best that for me to do to improve ?
can i get 0.3 army tradition if i build 10 townships ?
i tag this as unpopular cause i doubt anyone else in this community even consider these as plausible .
nonetheless i will try my best to reason the match ups .
let 's start with the low level fights and build up to kaido/big mom
straight off the bat there will definitely be some fodder vs fodder action .
i will not say all those samurais are fodders but the gist here is that handful of them can deal with kaido 's fodders as well as may be handful of gifters along the way .
moving a step up in the ladder would be o-tama with help of the her tamed gifters taking care of remaining gifters .
then we have our heart pirates and i might as well add hawkins crew and very soon appo 's subordinates aiding the battle cause of obvious reason who will be at the very least taking care of 1 of the flying six .
in the present scenario we should n't forget that we have minks as well .
though they are more fearsome in their sulong form i doubt they would be able to use it in future match ups .
so characters like wanda and carrot with help of few other minks could definitely take care of yet another of the flying six .
though carrot is invested in avenging pedro sooner or later they will have to shift their focus on the problem at hand i.e .
i know many want zoro to do the justice for yasuie but it will be much better if denjiro the man who served that dumbass with a purpose should be the one to conclude and avenge yasuie 's fate .
now obviously with many parties involved their could be some additional match ups of the same characters/groups involved with additional enemies but i do n't want to go that far .
so no towards the major fights and let 's start with what i feel would be a bit controversial to state
sanji with iron pirate franky monster point chopper vs queen the plague .
and no i am not downplaying sanji 's potential to take on a commander of a yonkou .
however this match up would begin with sanji doing heavy lifting against queen while the two aids him .
however midway franky and chopper would need to step up their game and let sanji go for big fights .
so we may be talking about 50 queen at 100 shogun+monster point in action against queen with a high difficulty victory .
i feel king serves as an opponent for zoro that might build his character as someone who can finally/or has learned to cut flames .
marco will definitely be an added bonus for zoro as to may be gain some experience from an elite fighter .
but then again king is not going to be zoro 's prime opponent as just like with sanji zoro will leave rest to marco and we might just get the amazing air action between marco and king .
whilst this is happening i am assured that luffy and jimbei will be the first to face kaido and big mom in sort of a 2v2 action .
kind of a cool scenario with kaido against luffy and jimbei against big mom .
however future pirate king despite his new learned skill will have to learn the power gap yet again .
and the plot of bloodied scabbards is going to be the trigger for luffy to actually swing some hard hitting advancement haki on kaido while big mom is interrupted by jimbei .
however this momentary upper hand '' would be quickly shrugged off but at least with a compliment on luffy 's growth as a pirate from 2 yonkou .
so the reason why i let zoro and sanji escape from calamities hassle is that in this battle these main forces of straw hat crew need to be there up against yonkou .
with kaido on full throttle forget enma forget raid suit every single supernova aside for urogue will eventually need to go all out against him .
though sanji is not a supernova but his strength is necessary for the alliance to take down the beast himself .
now although characters like yamato momo even scabbards all together have to have some major role in these fights oda could scatter their effort throughout these bouts .
for example may be we have some scabbards taking on orochi may be some with jack avenging minks .
we may have yamato fiercely taking out who 's who and likes of robin and nami against black maria brook against another headliner and such .
it 's not to say i ignore these characters in these match ups but i feel above mentioned match ups could be the highlights of wano with major battles being the deciding factor that will aid wano to finally over throw kaido 's regime and open its boarder .
hey guys just killed the viper kadachi in ib and still got the mr bone armor set .
im a cb main so what would be a good armor to geht next ?
so i have two matrices of 42,375 genes with their expression levels for two different conditions
and i need to find the correlation between each gene for both matrices and then compare the difference of them to a certain number to decide if the difference is significant .
i initially tried using the cor function which created a correlation matrix for each matrix but each matrix was 40gb which was simply not doable .
so now instead i 'm using a for and a while loop to do this and my code looks like
i 've been trying to find ways to do this more efficiently and i was wondering if you have some advice on how to vectorize the calculations or not use the for/while loop .
was thinking beyond light but im gon na wait .
the i thought master chief colltion but id rather not spend 40 off the bat .
hi guys i froze my coins and voted for one sr can i just let it run ?
i mean do i need to update anything after a few days ?
i know that i need to claim manually but is it possible to claim e.g after a few weeks ?
hello and welcome to 1 vegan atheist alistar 's journey to masters partnership ! !
i stream every day high elo alistar gameplay in a completely and udderly different play style while attempting to climb d ranks and make masters !
i also strive to make partnership while heavily engaging with chat and discussing everything from high variance events to future space travel !
i 've been struggling with suicidal thoughts and self harm since i was 10 years old .
untreated childhood ptsd depression and adhd will fuck you up .
i 've been in therapy for 4 years now and while i still have a ways to go i finally found an actual solid reason to live .
one that actually comes from within me instead of only staying alive so the people close to me do n't get hurt .
i am the only human being on the planet that carries a blend of both of my nanas genes .
i have several half siblings but i am the only person in the world who gets to carry both of them in my genetic code .
my nana on my mom 's side lived with us and pretty much raised me she was a wonderful homemaker and a fantastic artist .
she made great food and sweet tea and loved animal crossing and nintendo games .
my mother was an abusive narcissist so i have no idea where i 'd be if she had n't been there to support me .
my nana on my dad 's side was the first female judge in my county .
she donated 20k to a church so they could keep their doors open and nobody even knew until she was literally on her death bed because she was so humble and wanted to give just for givings sake as opposed to making a show out of doing a good deed .
at her funeral there were dozens of cop cars lining the road to pay their socially distanced respects .
putting my thoughts about police aside it just illustrates how she was so very treasured by so many people .
and i 'm lucky enough to have a little bit of both of them built in to me .
they were both incredibly special people and since i carry both of them in my heart and my dna maybe one day i can be something special too ❤️
so i have a friend who is incredibly nice so much fun to be around and i never feel down after spending time with him however i never thought that he felt the same way i spent the past almost 2 years thinking as if he felt i was annoying or something until now .
i go onto instagram and see i 'm on his close friends list it 's such a small and pretty meaningless thing but it 's one of the best things to happen to me all year i almost cried when i saw it and feel like i 'm overreacting as i write this but just really wanted to share my joy .
this is something i literally dreamt of happening him considering me as a close friend .
then it comes to the bad part he leaves to go back to where he use to live at the end of the month i spent all this time worrying if he thought i was a good friend and now i guess i kind of know what he thought he is leaving .
i always knew we were good friends but for some reason this small thing means so much to me i am just wondering if there 's anything we should do together before he leaves to create some ‘good memories before he goes ' i feel like an idiot writing this .
moving to an apt lots of top decor for sale .
round 3 of the 2020/21 english premiership season on saturday the 5th of december 2020
live bbc radio coverage for all premiership matches http www.bbc.co.uk/sport/rugby-union/13629208
i just unlocked traya and want to build up my sith triumvirate team but i have been saving up recourses for cls .
i will unlock him in around a month assuming i can complete it with gear 8s and 9s and i am wondering if i should quickly gear up traya and the rest of the sith on her team or if i should keep saving up .
han and chewie and threepac are unlocked but not geared up and r2 is gear 9 .
traya is not geared up at all nihilus is gear 7 and sion is gear 9 .
if i do decide to gear up the sith triumvirate i will only bring them to gear 8 or 9 .
i have a lot of gear saved up mostly 9 carbantis but the real problem is the mk v stun guns .
i have 2 saved up and i know that traya and nihilus need this for gear 8 .
should i keep saving for cls or gear up the triumvirate first ?
republican lawmaker likens trump vote-fraud crusade to the search for bigfoot yahoo.com https news.yahoo.com/republican-lawmaker-likens-trump-votefraud-crusade-to-the-search-for-bigfoot-130019525.html
substitute oak island for bigfoot and you have described the 8 seasons and the many fans '' in a nutshell
this started happening just now suddenly my windows of applications are showing this weird distorted static colors .
it happens for a few seconds then stop and repeat .
last time he 's fought was in august 2019 .
does he still have issues with his bellator contract and them not wanting to let him leave ?
he was such a promising fighter 22-1 record and even though he is 35 for a hw that 's still young '' .
wife and i have our own bcps and spend about 1,000 a month on groceries .
recently i got a csp and she got a cfu mostly for the subs .
to maximize value in groceries is it more beneficial to keep taking the 6 from our bcps or use her cfu when we buy groceries for the 5 and then transfer her ur to my csp ?
does that effectively get us to 6.25 on groceries with pyb ?
also looking at maybe using our ur on a vacation once covid is over likely transferring our points to a travel partner like hyatt .
sorguluyorum diyen arkadaşlar özelden yazabilir deneyimlerimi sizinle paylaşabilirim 14-15 yaşlarım arasında ben de sizinle aynı durumdaydım ama şu an bir panteist ateist olarak hiçbir korkum veyahut şüphem yok .
canada is handing out an unbelievable amount of money to its people and the debt is growing .
the debt numbers are so large that i feel a kind of fatigue about whether it matters at all .
is a country 's debt like a company/business ' debt where debt affects the company 's ability to do and have things on a 1:1 ratio .
or is a country 's debt part of a big global puzzle of economics where the debt does n't matter as much .
the global communities of governments will just move around the numbers so that everything works out .
one thing i 've been confused with is how the doom starts .
i do n't understand what they meant by circle of stones and the shield breaking .
i ca n't seem to find any in-depth explanation anywhere .
australians do n't care and if the people of the very country who is most directly effected does n't care then how is the rest of the world going to ?
yes but most of them believe he is the son of god or that he is god himself which would be classified as association of partners .
islam believes that god is god alone while christianity thinks that he is his son or is him incarnated .
islam would definitely take that as association of partners .
one of its main concepts is that god is alone no son and that jesus is a prophet .
that 's one of the main differences the others include wether he died or not and if muhammad is a prophet .
the sadness it would bring my siblings is what saved me provoked by a song .
if we were on r/nba your comments would be new copypastas lol
just keep going with the car 🚗 might feel a little bump but that 's okay
u/b3ta_r13 your submission title is n't right for listentothis !
the ' ' spaces around the dash and the brackets around the genres must be included .
click on the 'delete ' option above to remove this before submitting again .
the submission guidelines are summarized on the submit page for quick reference .
the reasons for these community guidelines are explained in the subreddit introduction .
if reddit displays a message telling you to wait a little while before submitting again moderators are not able to assist with this .
this is a site-wide feature and the message will not appear once your account age and total karma exceed required thresholds .
verifying your email address http reddit.com/verify can help resolve this issue .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/listentothis if you have any questions or concerns .
nice tune but i hate to break it yo you there is no god .
they could be commenting on their own post from a different blog
commentators totally whiffed on making a data and analytics comment on a 2-point conversion ?
it says that my appleid ca n't be used for xcode .
back in the day they cut down all the original forest and used it as farm land .
that 's why many or almost all of the forests in ct are new growth forests .
meaning that this was probably someone 's farm land back in the day and was just left there afterwards .
that 's also why in the woods in ct you 'll find rock walls in what seems like the middle of nothing
radio tv shows movies etc ... this is where the majority of money is made on music .
these are performance shares both writers and publishers are included in the same category so writers is 50 and publishers is 50 of the revenue ... combined they are 100 so what you 're actually getting is 25 of public performance revenue .
again this is standard for a non exclusive license i 'm honestly surprised you 're receiving any revenue and think this is probably an oversight
again the publishing can only be appointed once writers share can technically be appointed multiple times since each song that is made from the beat is unique .
once someone purchases the exclusive they will receive the publishing share based on whatever terms are in the license .
again this can only be given out once where as technically writers shares can be given out multiple times because each song is unique ... . the legality of this is complicated and not worth thinking about just understand its industry standard .
pro 's only collect performance shares they do n't collect mechanical shares which are the income that comes from streaming purchases etc ...
well first off i didnt say they ca n't do well with him and hes a bad coach or fit for them theres just different styles of coaching and i did n't see him as a specific style based on everything i 'd seen from him thus far and thought other coaches were better at a specific style .
each team needs a type of coach that works best for them look at nrg sizz is a hype style coach and thats exactly what they need and they do well with him and are super successful .
also you ca n't say they are doing well after 1 regional if they can keep it up over multiple tourneys and grids then sure but they had him as a coach last season and they were super inconsistent and were bottom end of top 10 and their last showing was the major they went 0-2 and flamed out and did worse than expected and that was with him as a coach .
if anything to attribute their most recent success to would have to be the roster change and how sosa fits in with the team as thats the only thing thats changed over the last 3 months .
and that guy put it in an offshore loaf account where he would n't have to share it .
if you are rich or working for the rich the police will look out for your interests .
my landlord could get the cops to come for anything because he owned the building .
i read this as cow '' at first and at about 4 i felt like arguing
better to be fucked up than to be a judgemental prick .
honestly reddit is one of the places where it seems aphobia is the default not the exception .
most people would never tell a gay person that they were fucked up for liking their same gender but everyone loves to tell ace people how wrong and broken they are .
i was trying it on sobek to see how much value i would get going rod instead of a pen item i have n't tried on cerberus i just tested if rod of asclepius ' second passive also did n't work on him .
put as many walls in between you and the explosion as possible .
70 and his attack used to be around 1600 but after i ascended him his attack went down to 1400 .
i also restarted my game twice to see if it was maybe a glitch .
is n't that weird like how it pretty much double compensates ?
like it was fixed with the prism the same way my prescription was changed but after the brain learned to correct the problem it also learned to undo the change when we take our glasses off .
how fascinating and powerful the brain really is and we do n't often give it the credit it deserves .
i like it a lot even if it is buggy .
there are basically no games like it that do a typical wrpg with a historically grounded setting without fantasy elements .
the story is nothing to write home about but the world is engrossing
i 've got nothing against caustic he was my main for a bit and i love the new mode
but i ca n't enjoy the mode because how ridiculously strong caustic is .
the melbournites deserve buds like this after their year of 2020 !
with detailed environments and ai giving it 4 points .
this mom is the type that lets the youngest be the baby .
she will not stick up for jack but caters to the other little bastard .
this post has been removed for violating our submission rules .
manga for any submission containing manga content not covered by the anime .
anime for any submission containing content that is covered by the anime .
meta for any submission regarding the subreddit mods or content unrelated to the series directly .
spoilerless for any submission that contains no spoilers and is directly related to the series .
please re-upload your submission with the correct corresponding tag in the title of the submission !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thepromisedneverland if you have any questions or concerns .
if there is or is n't it needs to be expedited through .
i am not saying there is or was imho this specific election has a lot of unanswered questions and some real questionable things involved with it .
i 'm not a judge i can not blame people questioning it .
to be honest it 's been 6 months and longer with election counting still happening.elections should be counted the same day .
20 years ago the election results were called and done that night .
but that is n't in question some who violated election laws did so recording themselves and posting it .
omar has a few non american highly regarded muslim clerics openly saying some very scary things about her her election and election scams that have no dog in the fight at all .
your comment just exemplifies another way for the majority white liberal class to disenfranchise black people by calling them stupid .
is n't sexual assault physical or face to face ?
this sounds more like sexual harassment or exhibitionism cyber flashing .
lol pacific rim references was never something i would think i 'd see in a political subreddit .
i swam for 8 years competitively before switching to row 2 years in high school .
i 'm now talking with some d1 programs nothing crazy .
swimming translated really well to rowing lactate endurance repetition long training is all similar .
especially if your tall and skinny or more heavy they both have a lot of potential .
i was very light for my height which gives a lot of potential for improvement and i 've seen tons of improvement already .
rowing for a college team will likely see 3-4 practices on the water or more and then 2-3 ergs or more and 2 lifts .
but it all varies with the season and training plan of the coach .
for you going in i suggest just be patient even if those around you are doing well it is vital you build strength but also learn the sport and the technique .
not filled in doesnt sound right the only issues i 've come across are outdated property owners .
i 've talked to a handful of other detectorists that use it too all new englanders though .
i 'd say they do care or they would n't get so worked up when somebody brings it up
this is probably a silly question but the lack of mic does n't affect the use of airplay 2 right ?
i prefer mic-less but need to be able to airplay to it .
wait nevermind the one that extracts water and also it 's ok just ignore the post
i have 2 heads for you either one will do😉
ss op claims that they have exposed the mods of this subreddit for being part of the deepstate .
do you have any idea what you 're talking about ?
my next door neighbor had their driveway full and six other cars parked on the street in front of and around my house .
fuck off cooldownbot do you not fucking understand that the fucking world is fucking never going to fucking be a perfect fucking happy place ?
seriously some people fucking use fucking foul language is that really fucking so bad ?
people fucking use it for emphasis or sometimes fucking to be hateful .
it is never fucking going to go away though .
this is fucking just how the fucking world and the fucking internet is .
do n't you fucking realize that fucking people can fucking multitask and fucking focus on multiple fucking things ?
people do n't fucking want to focus on the fucking important shit 100 of the fucking time .
sometimes it 's nice to just fucking sit back and fucking relax .
it 's a reference to how he became a ghoul .
remember his favorite author wrote a famous book in universe called egg of the black goat .
it 'll probably pass because of how much money the states are getting from taxes on it that already legalized it .
especially with the current strain on state budgets they will be seeking any revenue stream they can get .
no symptoms yet she had diarrhea but i believe that was from the vaseline knowing my family i seriously doubt they 'd give me even time to explain what happened i just know they 'd say i was overreacting and to wait till morning .
i 'll just watch her and her poop i suppose that 's the most i can do .
i 'm not sure if she even ate any foam as she 's very picky and is n't really one to eat stuff like that but i 'm still worried sick
we adopted an unadoptable '' cat a few years back .
he had been pretty thoroughly traumatized by his first human who allow another cat to attack him after bringing him into an unfamiliar environment then promptly dropping him off at our local shelter without bothering to get him medical care .
he had been at the shelter for around 7 months when we got him .
he was timid and unsure of his new environment at first .
he spent the first night exploring but would start to panic when he thought he 'd been left alone .
with consistent reassurance he adapted quickly but stayed stand offish for a while .
through patience and respecting his boundaries he has become one of the most affection cats i 've ever met and when he wants attention you will give it to him .
he developed the habit of bowing when we make kissy noises so we can kiss his head and he grooms plays with and semi-cuddles with our young dog now .
so basically patience consistency in meeting their needs and respecting their boundaries is a good start to not having an asshole cat .
your post was removed because the title must start with an age/gender tag with brackets like 15m or 16f .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teensmeetteens if you have any questions or concerns .
the best insult i thought this month was n't a curse word it was when kenny omega said jon moxley 's dad was n't tough at all .
i 'd hope they get better prepared before hand and it 's unfortunate if they do n't .
gamer drivers are hit or miss when it comes to productivity software stability of which are n't priority in them
having guilt over something you can no longer change is not a conundrum .
good point re the deus ex machinae i 'm not saying korra did n't have those .
i 'm just saying she had to actually make decisions .
and for some of them she had to do it without the support of past avatars something no avatar since wan has ever done .
again something she gets blamed for as if she severed her connection to past avatars on purpose !
i do n't agree that we ca n't compare korra and aang as avatars .
he never ever had to make a single hard decision by himself not even once as far as we 've seen in the show and the comics .
even his crowning achievement was only achieved by two completely random and unearned incidents that had nothing to do with him happening to hit his wound on a rock just right to trigger the avatar state which was absolutely necessary to even go head to head with ozai aang was too weak to fight ozai without the avatar state ... . and then being gifted energybending something he did n't even seek out .
i 'm sorry aang is a nice kid but as far as i 'm concerned he never achieved anything .
ozai was defeated by raava and the lion turtle .
they had us in the first half not gon na lie .
many many of the cases have gone to trump .
funny people acting like they are all going to the corrupt dnc .
so much that the dems even after 2 weeks of cheating were still losing .
they did n't have time for their last big push of voter fraud to even look halfway realistic .
trump remains president the next four years as legitimate american voters have clearly decided .
i 'm excited to see him use a child as a human shield i think ?
sometimes i do n't even bother to read what y'all type it just makes me happy to know you 're still mad
i did n't know my state is that racist .
i like getting vocal and i tend to when alone but i get scared when i 'm in the same house as someone else even if they 're rooms away so i tend to be pretty quiet out of fear .
narcissists and egotists never want to relinquish control to anyone .
this manga is not that kind of shounen my dude
1 i think they kind of make the mistake of blaming the problems solely the directors .
the leadership at lfl headed by kennedy absolutely shoulders the blame for giving the future of the franchise to people like jj and rian johnson not questioning their creative decisions and only caring about rey at the expense of all the other characters to the extent that luke gets turned into a nephew murdering coward and no one at lfl raises an eyebrow while kk is more concerned about leia 's force powers you can thank her for leia poppins
if filoni and favreau were to get the sequels they 'd still have to contend with kennedy 's determination at selling rey to the audience at the expense of the other characters and the abbreviated production timeline disney had given jj/rj .
their sequel trilogy by favreau/filoni would be more interesting but it would have their own problems .
i mean you can see filoni 's show rebels to see that he has his share of bad ideas such as saber-copters time travel hyperspace whales loth wolves etc .
2 funny how these guys are only raising their concern to the creative problems at lfl after abrams/johnson have ruined everything even when it was demonstrated back as early as tlj that there was no plan and everyone was making it up as they went along and they are so afraid of jj that they are couching the criticism behind so much ass kissing of jj and tfa .
your comment has been removed for not praising the lord .
i submit myself to jesus christ our lord and savior .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/darkjokes if you have any questions or concerns .
the government did a really good job of communication .
the message was clear and consistent and when lockdown came we already knew was what expected .
then the dude who is the us equivilant of dr fauci became a bloody sensation not overnight but everyone i know would watch his daily updates and he has a not insignificant fan club and tea towels and shit .
no one was losing their shit and just sort of accepted things and adapted .
the government rolled out a whole lot of economic schemes to keep people in jobs or provide support for businesses because a lot of them are smes .
teachers just ratcheted down their expectations of parents and kids overall and said hey just do what you can do .
here are the resources but if you ca n't get them done it 's nbd .
they also provided laptops and internet services for lower decile pupils .
i do anyway so made no difference to me .
bit for the most part you understand that other people are working at a reduced capacity so you do n't get up their arse about things not getting done .
projects get shelved or realigned and priority is focusing on your team not some bs management nonsense .
other stuff would be like extensions for say getting your car warrant done so if the cos pull you over and it 's expired it 's not a fine or court penalities .
they changed some laws so police could enter any property without a warrant if they suspected someone was breaking lockdown regulations .
that caused a bit of a stink but seeing i had a covid refugee at mine i was expecting them to turn up on the regular but they never did .
personally i cancelled all my tenants rent for 4 or 5 months and told them to never bring it up .
essential workers like health care etc for absolute priority for food shopping etc .
lots of smaller things but there has definitely been .
this sounds like the bastard love child of a set trigger and a grip safety ... ..
i have the sarariland 7365 for my full sized american 9mm .
i think your competition may be a little longer near the muzzle judging by that picture but it may still fit .
of course it 's a belt/paddle holster that i used in security not sure if it would fit your needs especially with level 3 retention .
do n't for the love of god get the blackhawk omnivore .
that disaster of a holster was probably the worst purchase i 've made for my firearms .
it requires a picatinny locking piece to be placed on the bottom rail in order for there to be any retention .
that is all well and dumb until the blasted thing started to come off the rail while in the holster resulting in the firearm to straight up fall out if given the chance .
do you also dismantle the ikea furniture when you sell it you evil genius ?
some spells do not require sight such as find familiar which can be summoner on the other side of a closed door .
this spell may be similar as long as you know the point exists and maybe if not as rules are established for if you summon into a wall .
i do n't think it 's monstrous to protect people from dangerous members of society .
is n't this just the same ‘ice plant ' we have all over california ?
most but 22 are male and 55 of the sub is hetero .
so 10 is male hetro roughly as they did n't do a gender sexuality break down .
rounding down we can safely say there is 100,000 hetro males .
there are far worse odds in other communities where total members do n't even reach 100,000 .
then what about the homosexual or bi-sexual childfree folk or the other demographics listed here .
most ... ..so you 're saying there is a chance ?
thank you for explaining this is really good to know !
i will look out for that for the next time i decide to water but will back off for now for sure .
the leaf has actually already fallen off but i feel more reassured to hear it is suggested to remove it anyway .
feel bad because i kinda did this after my first time getting to the end my irl friends dipped and i did too .
i 'm sorry to my online friends around the globe
the wais-iv does n't pull from any item banks though does it ?
i 've heard it 's on pinterest i have found the mr set there and scribd .
my only point was that pulling randomly from a small-sized item-bank with the sole reason of ensuring item integrity only works when considering the average person as an adversary .
the average tech-savvy person i.e. an amateur on the other hand can enumerate all of the items with little effort and expense if they so choose .
i would know having majored in security in my computer science degree and work as a security consultant/penetration tester .
i do n't endorse or agree with doing so it is simply an observation .
the validity of the assessment is fine when not exploiting the prng .
however it is not a protection in itself for ensuring integrity of the items which is a documented intention .
ask not for who the bone bones it bones for thee !
if your in a non sbmm lobby not every player is gon na be worse than you .
that 's never been my experience sounds like you made an assumption .
i feel like it 'd be appropriate for sound .
i was also thinking this but some of these elite quests the enemy has over 10,000 total health it is a gold elite level 18 quest for 115 soul ash .
the highest i can get team attack to is 3600 .
i am so nervous for attempting this as i do n't want to lose it but i do n't know how long this mission will be active .
i have 1 level 20 1 level 18 and then two level 13s .
but if this was about stabilization and dropping to zero and if your death saving throw dc went up by 1 every time you dropped to 0hp the game would become incredibly deadly d
in your opening post you talk about increasing the dc multiple times there is n't a dc for resurrection thus the talk about stabilizing as there is nothing else you could be talking about .
as to stabilization and being stabilized i would argue that it 's a very rare condition at higher levels because when a character drops someone 's just going to cast healing word or use other healing magic and skip the stabilized condition altogether .
about that thread on dndnext i think it was downvoted mainly because — as one can quite safely assume — the majority of people there are players and not dms because of the player/sm proportion in the hobby in general and it 's obvious that player 's do n't like having constraints and penalties imposed on them d
no everyone is confused as to what you 're trying to say .
you 're saying that in your specific setting you have a house rule about being returned from the dead multiple times .
and you have this house will because you think it is too easy and happens too often .
as i said in my post in my 20 years of playing returning from the dead hardly ever happens because it 's not meant to be common .
it appears you have made it very easy for your players to come back from the dead by making the spells available and the components available .
if you want to know more about limiting spells and mastering the game .
i would recommend you watch some of the videos by dungeon craft and alike on youtube about learning to put limits on your players that increases the fun and does n't feel like penalty .
ultimately your post is about a situation that is very unique to your game .
it 's just a poorly worded post in both threads .
there is much less of a divide between dndnext and behindthescreen than you may think it 's all just dnd players and dm 's in both .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/booty_queens if you have any questions or concerns .
please use the questions megathread https www.reddit.com/r/genshin_impact/search ? q=title 3a 22daily+questions+megathread 22+author 3ajyl5555 restrict_sr=on sort=new t=day or the team/character building megathread https www.reddit.com/r/genshin_impact/search ? q=title 22weekly 20team/character 20building 20megathread 22 20author veritasibility restrict_sr=1 to ask your questions .
if your question is exceptionally thought-provoking and can help a more general player base send us a modmail and we 'll get back to you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/genshin_impact if you have any questions or concerns .
i take my dogs to a fenced in track/soccer field that isnt used anymore and will hit balls there and my dogs will fetch some but i still pick up the ones they dont .
ok any certain type i 've been looking at tokyo marui mk23 but have n't set my mind to one yet
i just prefer using different terms to mess with people .
the amount of people thrown off by zed '' instead of z '' is humorous to me
one of the questions on my anatomy and physiology test did say that asthma medications can suppression the immune system and cause you to get sick more often .
i also had a np explain that it affects the way you treat exema too .
but so much of medicine can be changed by one detail which is why doctors have to train for 10 years .
people always expet more from jiggly lad ... amd that 's why i 'll do everything in my power to keep the streets safe !
i was under the impression that plan b was intentional about this one-two punch approach in how it operated
anybody got a link to the actual suit documents ?
his cause of death is listed as cardiovascular disease .
i feel for the guy 55 is way too young .
my condolences to his family and the team at serb hall .
guess that where they got the name everything is gem
ill just bs my way through with ibara chaining and riku and firion breaking the gauge maybe
your submission was automatically removed because you have do n't have enough comment not total karma .
comment karma is a rough measure of the number of upvotes your comments received .
raise it by participating in the subreddit and getting a feel for the place before trying again .
250 comment karma may seem a lot but it 's easy to build up by being active on the subreddit .
to check how much comment karma you have check your profile .
afterwards if you are using the desktop new reddit view hover over your total karma to see its breakdown otherwise it should be right there .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitpostcrusaders if you have any questions or concerns .
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/dsvy79obt9361.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
some of the innuendo in this game is pretty ... explicit
i 'm going to be playing in 720p on an original ps4 i 'm not going to wait .
you 're only going to play it for the first time once
i actually read a fan theory a few years ago where they thought the series should end with randy being the final ghostface killer .
i always liked that idea but always wondered how they 'd get through the logic gap of keeping him alive
a very important thing that you should think about is how do you feel about using a 300 knife ?
if you had another full titanium knife in s35vn like a 140 kizer t1 lying next to the inkosi which would you rather pick up to use ?
which hurts less to get scratches on it from being used ?
i would pick the t1 over the inkosi 9 times out of ten .
you might as well ask what 's so special about google ?
if it was a joke yeah but if someone actually did offer you a terabyte of porn i would advise against it .
not a metal fan myself so today was a nice music day in the gym
i have no idea im just focused on wanting to be her
i saw it 's on the fe exam and wanted to fucking die lol
ah no the point was n't that you ca n't damage a camera .
just a few differences that could make it a less likely at least in some cases compared to the headset .
he has so many places he could go but he 'll never leave just bc his name is on the lease .
he went to a wrestling show last week and the owner apparently had covid and there 's a good chance he may of contracted it so now i have to quarantine for two weeks but he 's acting like nothing happened .
my roommate kinda does the same shit but instead of putting a new roll on the rack he just leaves the roll on the floor .
i think our answers are the same in spirit .
there were clear goals high demand and the absence of typical hurdles .
info depends on your/his/their age ranges and how long you 've been together .
you sound young and this sounds like high school drama .
if so esh you all just need to mature and grow up to be more tolerable and that will happen in time
i 'm having trouble nailing focus when on the dslr to the dob .
it reaches it just fine i just ca n't seem to nail it .
i 'm just zooming in the live view and trying my best
i second this since a good chunk of posts are some sort of this .
seriously mods please honor someone 's requests for implementations .
because we all know that the people who do post things around here are either seasoned drivers with useful amounts of experience and knowledge or unexperienced drivers and/or non-drivers .
it 's weird that it never seems to occur to ivanka that if she wants to be perceived as someone who does good things that makes people 's lives better she could just y'know actually do good things that makes people 's lives better .
the key to the survival of any republic it was true of the roman and is true of the american is no single person or corporation can have too much power .
the 40 year neoliberal project has largely undone this core concept .
have too much wealth and power which is why we need to start applying anti-trust laws .
is it any wonder how new warriors came about though ?
marvel aka disney idolize trump and his racist ideals .
the mcu movies almost stopped at iron man 3 when the writers and producers protested to get perlmutter taken off the mcu staff because the racist bigot had no problem with recasting african-american characters because he thought they all looked the same anyway '' .
they portrayed the always persecuted mutants as intolerant fools when they wanted the inhumans to stop their stupid religious rituals that were spreading a particle that causes terminal mutant cancer .
they have every new token minority replacement of other superheroes comparing him to adolf hitler .
recap and panels from death of x if you want to torture yourself .
the story was done to try and write off mutants as at the time fox owned all mutant characters and disney was desperately trying to phase them out as some form of petty payback .
this is n't how you do it though and all it did was make people permanently hate the inhumans and is a major factor in why they were n't able to set up a tv series for the inhumans .
characters who people barely knew became characters people freaking hated .
captain america was also turned into a nazi because le edgy storee .
to them anyone left of hitler really is like the new warriors .
bungie tried to cover the gap with raid lairs and just gave up in year 1
you look so much like my cis ex that i did a double take .
i did n't realize this was from the quarry ?
you comment makes more sense now tho if so !
i thought the ceiling and light was the cat 's eye at first .
definitely not but when the government guaranteed these colleges and universities money by making secured loans and grants it passed that burden off to the students and fees tuition and room and board skyrocketed like no tommorow .
who cares about quality of the education when you 're guaranteed money whether john q student gets a degree or not ...
the only plus of postmates is i could start work same day .
uber eats taking longer and door dash has no openings in my area .
post mates only has this bonus now 125 orders guarantees me 1500 pay .
if i make more than 1500 i get no bonus lmao .
i will say it is only worth delivering postmates during dinner time because the tips suck until dinner and the base pay rate is between 2.xx and 4.xx depending on the time it took and the amount of the customer order .
i made the same with 2 dinner orders as i did with 5 lunch orders ... ...
postmates also does not show you the order until you accept it .
if you cancel any orders you could get suspended from delivering .
accounts must be over three days old and must have both positive comment post karma before they are allowed to post or comment in r/trees .
please do not ask the moderators to approve your comment or post as there are no exceptions to this rule .
to learn more about karma and how reddit works visit https www.reddit.com/wiki/faq .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/trees if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly i like this flag making website https www6.lunapic.com/editor ? action=flag-generator .
i had it in succulent soil to begin with and it got extremely dehydrated all the time humidity here is like 15 20 lol
i 'll be sure to pick up a soil mix with more drainage and a new pot haha .
i have n't fertilized it at all yet so would i snip off the rotted bits then fertilize ?
i still have my birthday up on facebook but i made it where you ca n't comment on my wall .
you have to tag me in post or message me .
i enjoy twitter and reddit more for viewing than participating .
i mostly like to see how people feel about tv shows i 'm currently watching .
but at times i feel lonely that i do n't have anyone to just talk to in real life who enjoys what i enjoy so i resort to being online .
war was actually nerfed hard in the expansions in vanilla you do n't have to worry about loyalty at all so you can sort of pierce through the enemy super easily .
it really comes down to not losing units and teching ahead imho .
basically if you 're attacking for a domination victory you need to make sure you 're doing it in the most effective way possible .
you need to rush a civ asap and then go after the guy who has n't built walls .
when walls come online you 're kinda boned so take this time to train several armies who can be deployed around the map .
observation balloons and artillery the ai has no idea what to do when a unit is out of the two tile defense range .
the best way to deal with any city fast is to just park siege units outside and then push in with a single tank .
you really only need 5-7 units altogether to wipe out a civilization even on the higher levels .
you should have nearly everyone destroyed by the time the ai even has time to build fighters but if not just bring along a single anti aircraft and target cities with airfields .
last thing always peace out after taking the capital .
it is never worth to go for a complete wipe due to the amenity and diplo penalties .
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains r/nsfw/wiki/hosts .
please read the link on proper way to post .
the currently approved domains are imgur.com gfycat.com .media.tumblr.com images.sex.com img.pornhub.com and i.reddituploads.com .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/celebnsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
either they say something and get blasted for not doing something that will change the ccp 's mind or they do nothing at get blasted for not even speaking their support .
they might not be changing anything with these reactions but at least when the histories of these times are written future generations will know that we said our piece and told them it was wrong just as there were people who said the opium war was wrong in the 1840s just as there were people who said slavery was wrong when the us was creating its constitution just as there were people who said fascism was wrong in the 1930s just as there were people who said what columbus did was wrong in the 1490s ...
i think star wars figure collecting at least for things like tvc and black series that are fairly expensive and decently high quality has less of a stigma attached to it because star wars as a whole is so universally loved .
my grandfather really loved the ot and the first thing he noticed when he entered my room was the 40th anniversary anh vader on display .
i 've also shown a few of my family members toy photography using black series and they were really impressed and understood why i collect them .
and for tvc you also have the nostalgia factor and monetary value .
there are many solid reasons to collect figures and star wars of all franchises is probably the most understood .
thermal paste is best applied by brushing with a toothbrush in the rgb
on the ed train but i doubt it 's the porn .
talking with him openly about it is the first step so that he can alleviate the pressure it 's very likely that he feels very guilty and embarrassed about the problem which makes it harder and harder no pun intended to fix it .
this might sound weird but try turning the lights off and/or blindfolding yourself to reduce the amount of assessment '' he probably feels about his performance .
then work your way up to more and more regular '' sex .
my personal preference for road ambushes is mines but whatever works works right ?
how about we just get rid of de-fund the police '' entirely ?
you ca n't fix what is n't already broken .
•find a sutible punishment for police who abuse their power .
•not instantly accuse a cop of abuse just bcs the target is a minority
•stop dubbing victims '' heros just for being shot by a police officer and being a minority .
•stop trying to harm the police as a whole as it will harm the good cops fighting for the good of the country
•stop pushing police reform and instead try to make a system that will allow us to tell the difference between brutally and doing their jobs .
the entire de-fund the police mentality is based on a part-to-whole fallacy error in logic .
this 1000 i 've been fortunate enough to know some rather well off families in the past i used to enjoy wine and knew enough to get through a general dinner in which we talked about wine and such however this family were super into it they did vineyard tours everything and they had a wine cellar in which they had some rare vintages and the like so they offered a few taste games so they got a 1945 chateau margaux which at the time cost around £1000 and a bottle of merlot that i had brought around £20 and we had to tell them apart and decide which was the more expensive one of the two .
cut a long story short 4/10 people picked the more expensive one correctly and we never came to a decision on flavour but 100 mine would 've won that too as it was a hell of a lot fruitier and rather full bodied .
so moral of the story old wine and expensive wine is not always better drink what you enjoy !
although expensive wine/whisky can be a great investment for the future as more and more gets drank every year
i am more scared about this one than i was about the bayern game d
it 's interesting because i totally agree with you .
all of my f/f fanfic usually consist of a couple who share the ‘power ' in a way .
both women are equal and simply love each other for who they are .
both of them have moments of immense strength and vulnerability .
i see a lot of other f/f fic at least in the she-ra fandom which shares the same positive dynamic .
i really enjoy couples who help balance each other out and raise each other up
i just pulled a 91 stone from my sb rewards so i 'm trying to flip it to buy both sedins if i can .
did n't think i would ever be able to buy them but here we are i guess haha
20 of greatlookingguy 's last 924 comments 2.16 are in r/politicalcompassmemes .
and for fixing imoen or janeria minsc and edwin if you use them to their earned bg1 stats when doing a full play through .
especially if you want to give one of them a tome .
if an elf and an orc had a baby would it be a half-elf or a half-orc ?
a lot of people do n't know but if you have a library card you might have access to lynda.com courses for free .
seattle area rarely gets snow rarely gets thunder but every few years we get thundersnow ...
my dad says girls are weird guys are morons ''
it depends on the girl i guess if you wan na just like
compliment their shirt if they have a band or a fandom or something on it you like i guess
i 'm fine with taxation without representation for non-citizens .
hi where i live we do n't use any manufacturers for rmas .
we always go through the store where we bought the card .
that being said i created an order 2020-10-23 for a replacement card and i 'm receiving it at around 2020-12-21 .
but that 's the time it took for my retailer to get a new card in stock i got placed last in the queue i 'm dad .
as if none of those previous groups are devoid of non-binary folks .
you are so dumb yo mom is clearly more glad
i was so focused on id that i blanked on cm lol i think i actually like this one more .
it 's not every day you get a stored power user with reliable coverage against dark types .
it means if you are willing to be uncomfortable that you have the potential to really be alive .
freedom exists in relation to your ability to look into and act through that fear unflinchingly .
most people tell you and show you to run from that feeling to numb it but they are wrong !
this fear is a gateway to a realm more amazing than anything !
make peace with the fear and be aware that this fear is what stands between you and your destiny be strong and truthful in the face it and know that you are in good company this is the heroes journey and on the right track .
keep reaching out and sharing your experience of this we are all connected in spirit and i walk the same path .
if i wanted to watch a tad crazy chick descend into madness and fall apart i would look in the mirror .
reality tv should be an escape and this shit does not feel like an escape at all .
his use of content creator '' was interesting to me because he showed up in my feed i guess because i watched enough d2 related vids that the algorithm thought i 'd like his stuff but most of the d2 stuff i watch on youtube is weekly update vids lore vids weapon testing build theory crafting or guides .
as best i could tell from watching like 4 or 5 of his vids his content '' is literally just him cut/pasting twitch stream moments and highlights with a clickbait title and a picture of his face in shock or surprise or something similarly cringe .
i guess that counts as content '' but no wonder you do n't find it sustainable .
you have no angle and bring nothing to the table .
there are content creators out there making guides for triumphs and exotics or lore vids that comprehensively collect and explain the rich lore of the game that will till generate views and thus revenue for them months from now .
oh my god i completely forgot about that you made me remember that that was a thing lol
not many people actually know who one of the characters are .
he 's not confermed canon but he exists within the universe .
it 's remy/emile/dice dice is the critic and the fandom is sanders sides
i 've only found one fanart of it and barely any fics but it 's really adorable imo
i mean we 're people too just do n't make it weird .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
you should sign and share this petition if you would like the see the cast eventually join the mcu http chng.it/vqtrhwpprk
the stuff u find is nothing because your to lazy to read it all
that extruder works good new but over time it will eat itself up .
i had one myself before i switched to a bmg clone .
you can look up videos on youtube to see what i mean .
i was always forgetting '' to do my homework so when i actually fucking did it for once the teacher forgot and i was hey what about the homework .
all the other kids shushed me and it dawned on me what i did i just said oh shit nevermind '' lol luckily the teacher let it go .
i did n't see food until i was already a man . ''
i imagine for good because they 've programmed a new space for it on the dorm room floor but at 110 brown books i just caved in and paid the real world muggle money .
these mobile games with micro transactions must be where it 's at for game developers .
years ago they had to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars and a year to develop an open world free-roaming game with incredible detail and gameplay all for us to pay just 50 .
and here we are with a mobile game with very simple gameplay mechanics and just a few basic environments that are n't even connected by in-game movement but merely selecting a menu item .
they give us this for free but i 've already spent 50 in 2 months just on digital animals that sometimes follow my character on screen .
i know console games have also followed the microtransaction trend lately but is it as bad as this ? i have n't bought a game console in 12-15 years so i have no idea v. damn that seems so long when i type it out considering how much i gamed from 10-20 years old .
i really struggle at finding any packs that are n't a bit too grindy for me .
oh and the minor detail of murdering my laptop .
i was officially diagnosed this past wednesday with adhd-pi at almost 25 years old !
i was so worried that the neurological testing i did would n't indicate adhd but apparently i 'm a classic case of a gifted kid with adhd slipping through the cracks .
i feel insanely blessed that my psychiatrist and the psychologist who did the testing took me seriously and treated me with respect and compassion throughout the whole process .
now i just have to make a followup with my doctor and i 'll be starting vyvanse shortly !
i am so excited to see what i am truly capable of with my brain working efficiently !
with a 60 wr your mmr should definitely be around your actual rank ... on paper at least .
from what i have seen mmr works differently than lp .
even when you lose you can still gain mmr or lose a lot less and viceversa .
i played two games where i did n't really do much and still won i did n't see a significant increase in my mmr .
on the other hand i had a game very i played very well but still lost i actually did n't lose mmr .
this system is similar to that of shooter games like cod or valorant in where individual performance actually plays a part in gains/losses .
this is only from what i have noticed so take it with a grain of salt .
this does give an explanation for your lower than average mmr placement though .
a comment saying that engage could come back and it is not downvoted to oblivion ?
i thought everyone in this subreddit had a hate boner for striker .
i dont really think its possible to seperate real life from fiction completely tbh
just left out some reasoning why hkh^-1k^-1 e. for me it seemed somewhat trivial .
but started to question if my proof would suffice .
i said something like since p and q are distinct and h and k are unique sylow p and q subgroups respectively then h intersect k is e '' .
i agree though i 'm not sure about the short term .
if you ca n't swallow pills chew it smash it and put it on something you do like anything is better than nothing .
the song summer nights '' i think youd like on the double album .
the small things add up but that 's not only the bad ones
hawkeye is a type of psylocibin that rocks me rn but i 've got some albinos i 'm deep in rn
might be the most life changing night of sleep in your life .
we hope that you find what you are looking for in here .
feel free to visit our scammers thread here for a list of known online reddit scammers .
also we require that sellers must be verified with the mod team .
there are also many types of verifications that will help you stand out from the others .
also being verified allows you to post multiple times per a day instead of once every 12 hours .
we hope you enjoy your time on here and if you need any assistance please contact the mod team !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtykik if you have any questions or concerns .
said the person who thinks sociologist and statisticians do n't work closely together ...
... and somehow being a sociologist devalues someone 's opinion on social issues .
4 time state champion here keep those legs straight when kicking
this is n't an air plant it 's a carnivorous plant .
genus is sarracenia and colloquially known as a type of pitcher plant .
so what does this sub 's furries think about the privacywaakhond ?
do n't forget his relatives the mini-ster and aunty aportion
your recent post this one https www.reddit.com/r/emorap/comments/k74247/looking_for_emomelodic_artists_for_an_collective has been automatically placed in a moderator queue for manual approval because your account does n't meet one or more of the comment karma link karma or account age requirements .
these are set to detect new spam accounts so we apologize if you 're trying to submit a genuine post .
the moderator team has been notified and will review your post as soon as possible . ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/emorap if you have any questions or concerns .
casual sex is still very very much a consensual process .
the law is shit then might be one of the dumbest sentences that i‘ve ever read .
you don‘t get to randomly say well i don‘t like this one so i‘ll ignore it !
that hair is long enough to tickle balls when you 're on top and that 's another level of sexy .
the name of exodus is due to the fact that the third legendary fled the region to an unknown dimension and the villain team wants to find that dimension with the help of the other legendaries because they think it is some kind of promised land .
congratulations you 're the only person on this thread with an iq over 95
it 's true there is an active debate but the ecj is the organ that has to decide when there are conflicts and debates between nations and even with eu institutions
just mostly looking for similar circumstances/explanations if there are any .
i have a philips android tv and even when the remote was n't facing the tv it would go on !
you have to make sure the tv shuts down all the way !
i think its just the remote because we got another remote and it does n't do that !
an unprofitable company seemed like an ok idea at 9 ...
it seems like there 's a disconnect between what they think they said versus what they 've actually said .
this is the internet everything is being communicated via text so you ca n't imply things the same way you could in person .
but then again they could just be jerks ¯ ツ ¯
definetely camila but madelaine is real close but camila but is more round so she gets the d who would take scarlett tho
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtycloset if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's people who actually think that way so it was safe to say that it was a series comment .
i am capable of comprehending a joke which is why i mentioned that it might be one .
i have played both se and k2 well played k2 ... playing se currently alone .
it depends on what you want as a pack .
together while they are compatible does alter the game quite a bit .
se+k2 is much easier once you start getting into space .
k2 high end buildings make many of the late se game easy .
it also makes some of the production lines just as easy .
i will admit i wish more twitch/yt would do a se alone .
i watch many of them and once they start getting into space it 's like trying to find easy loops or power or some greenhouses and wood combo .
and i end up losing interest in the play-through .
each of the 2 mods will provide a different experence .
k2 is an excellent mod and really should be played and enjoyed .
but honestly it 's great that they are compatible but they really should be two separate playthroughs .
the sum of those 2 when together feels much less then each one separately for me .
take my experience shit put me in the hospital .
and i even tried to keep it at the maximum safe level
but i 'm interested in how you implemented it .
ksbcomeon came here to comment crusaders of the lost mark good to know i 'm not the only one .
shy guy looking for some playful fun and maybe some naughty stuff .
i really enjoy the somewhat playful tension of just meeting someone and being advanced on despite an awkward and shy nature .
i want someone who 's not afraid to make the first move and maybe even control/take advantage of me ...
i have made a project about uart and i will be sharing with you down below
it 's gaming laptop from last year so it should deal with the game fine earlier this year i played rdr2 on high settings with no issues .
this game ran fine too up until it crashed and now my laptop wo n't boot properly .
just makes a clicking noise as if some parts are loose inside when i try to start it up .
just in time for the holiday season to make sure any repairs takes at least a month to get back to me 😬 .
and i do n't even have a hex key set small enough to open it up and take a look myself .
extra fun considering i wo n't really be going anywhere this christmas except for a few days with my parents because of covid and my laptop is the only digital device i use for gaming streaming etc .
did almost get to complete the game though pretty good all things considered .
just had some grinding and sidequesting to do before tackling the final area in the game hamtunscire .
let 's hope the next guy is n't as hard
subredditte bayağı çok community coin birikiyor o yüzden 1.800 coinlik bir modlara özel award vereceğiz .
bu ödül size verilince 1 aylık premium ve 700 coin kazanacaksınız .
hello r/poker would love to get your thoughts on my hand below as i 'm trying to get better .
i 'm 34th out of the remaining 38 players on a tournament .
out of 639 i have an ok '' image around 25vpip .
i have 9 bb remaining on bb and have folded a bunch of smaller weaker connectors before this .
i 'm dealt a2o on bb with 9 bb utg+2 open shoves with around 20bb .
folds around to me and i tank and eventually call .
open shove on utg+3 for 20 ish bb should have signified a strong hand .
i would be flipping at best here if he had kq kj or suited connectors .
there is a small likelihood he 's doing this to steal blinds but that would be insanely risky considering there are a number of players to act behind and would have him covered .
at the time i thought he 'd have kq or kj at best and even then we 'd be flipping .
to summarise im not 100 certain why i called here although i do know that based on jonathan little 's push/fold charts i should be shoving with ax holdings with 9bb 's .
villain had aq and we had a clean no-pair run out .
to be clear im not asking for sympathy or how bad i run etc .
i 'm wondering if any of my assumptions above made sense ?
certainly i 'd be looking to shove with any pocket pair here kj kq qj holdings depending on my position/how many people are in preflop .
i 've folded a few smaller and bigger suited connectors e.g .
23 suited or 9t suited as i cant survive post flop if it missess and i certainly dont think its a strong enough holding to shove with .
i have been playing for two years but i 'm still learning and havent binked an online tourney yet .
it 's been 5 days you saw me once.i never realised how precious you are at the time ..
sorry if i hurt you anytime if it was my slow response or i did not tune my settings well
i am waiting with 100 effectiveness from day 1..why you avoid me..why why ?
what do others have that i do n't have.. ?
some missed your proposal and you still tried and tried and proposed more times ... but why not me ?
if you do n't come in next 7 days..i am going to slash myself and exit from your life .
my love will be attested by many i hope .
up for sale my miya 68 pro panda edition re-fitted with zilent v2 67g switches lubed with krytox 205 105 on springs .
condition is used although switches are just recently changed and have very little use .
therefore i went for two more custom made in my favourite colours https imgur.com/gallery/enjpzqe .
now this one is loneliest in the family and looking for new home because it turns out that i am not really a collector .
i 'm looking to pay 3-5k for it since i 'm broke
whenever i put my cards on a different type of naruto hokage naruto the power-ups do n't show up .
is there a reason as to why they are n't showing up ?
this is the one show that makes be consistently laugh at every beat and every joke nails the comedy and every joke lands
so its getting to the point in my life where i need to figure out what i want to major in college for i 've figured that out zoology but before i make this decision i want to see what jobs are available for me to not only work with animals but also see the world ex .
the amazon and national parks worldwide other places too ofc .
i would like an exact job name and not just a broad term thank you .
i have been working for over 16 hours and my gpu is not turning on nor any of my usb ports are working might have a issues since i 'm new to pc if anybody could help please .
my parts are psu super flower leadex 750w 80 gold cpu ryzen 7 3700x 8 core 3.6 ghz motherboard msi mpg b550 gaming edge wifi gpu msi radeon rx 5700 xt ssd crucial p1 500gb ram corsair vengeance rgb pro 16gb 3600 ddr4 .
also it 's new i have n't even been into bios since i ca n't even connect my keyboard because of the usb problem everything is un damaged i think
didnt enjoy the spin off game that dropped recently .
currently have a kevo plus deadbolt that requires an additional hub plugged directly into the internet .
i was wondering if the new 5th gen echo would be able to act as a hub for the kevo plus deadbolts and can ditch the kwikset gateway .
i know it has zigbee and zwavs which my other locks are using so currently via smartthings hub so it would be nice to get everything running in/on alexa and echo platform .
let me know if i can catalog xmas themed items !
ever since hearing this music i 've wanted to find and license it so i can make an action video where movements are synced to the rhythm .
the problem is i ca n't find it and i 'm not sure if it 's a composition exclusive to the ad or a pre-existing one also the comments are disabled .
i was employed by a restaurant for a while .
when they fired me they claimed that it was because they had run a background check on me 2 months after hiring me with no reason for running it .
they said they were firing me because i was a felon but i am 100 certain that there are not only other felons that worked there that they knew of but i am also certain that i am the only one who they claimed to run a background check on .
they ran the background check for personal reasons and fired me over something that they had made exceptions on for everyone else that shared my background or 2 .
there never was a background check and they are using my background and the fact that i was the newest employee to cover up something shady they were doing .
i never did/learned kings fall on hard back in the d1 days .
i do have a normal completion of the raid but that was over 3 years ago and was only a single completion .
as such i 'm looking for a sherpa to help give me a refresher as well as teach any new mechanics hard mode provides .
time as soon as a sherpa s and group can be found .
light 396 may vary if i have to change my loadout
i have a tetranorium bicarinatum queen in a test tube right now but i need to move her because the test tube has run out of water and is growing mold .
i 've connected her to an atom nest and have a light on her .
i ca n't dump her in because she has a few eggs .
how do i get her to move before she ends up dead ?
in my experience solo queens usually refuse to move .
aight so ... is it just me or are guardian druids getting kinda destroyed in dungeons right now ?
i mean i can get 5 ironfur rolling with incarnation but what the hell am i supposed to do when in every other group there are 2-4 casters that destroy me ?
i feel sooo squishy right now the only thing that 's holding me back from rolling vdh/protpala are the future synergies with barkskin legendary conduits and talent ...
of course i know that ironfur doesn‘t do anything against magic damage i just had the feeling of way too many groups with a ton of casters that are just not really handable with the normal 4 interrupts but in the end i did every m0 without real problems i watched some videos and noticed that perhaps the dps i was running with just ... never interrupted .
now in necrotic wake there 's a group with 1 big caster and i think 3 little casters that group destroyed me on m0 and i just don‘t know what to do when i‘m tanking m+15 no way possible to interrupt 4 casters that much right ?
i noticed druid tank being very tanky myself now it just never came to my mind that pretty much nobody in pugs uses interrupts .
selling 4 banila clean it zero original cleansing balm .
in der prime league auf langzeit versuchen div.3 zu erreichen
falls interesse besteht gerne einfach in league adden oder auf discord anschreiben
hello i have read some threads and saw that there are some bugs and i did not understand github posts tbh .
i have pop os for few days now been switching to windows due to college programs but i dont like windows
i have only few apps installed chrome discord teams dota 2 dash to docks and tried installing conky couldnt make it work didnt know how due to errors
but my system is very slow it sometimes even freezes specially when i close dota .
background my little 7 year old stepbrother has an ipad .
watching youtube playing games constantly asking my stepmom to buy things on his ipad .
literally constantly asking for 3 dollars here 5 dollars there probably like 20 dollars a day worth of bad shit from games on his ipad .
and then when he has to get off it he throws a fit .
he is constantly rude to his sister rude to me rude to my dad and rude to my stepmom .
yet he never gets any punishment except for 5-10 minute timeouts every once in a while .
he asked his mom to buy something on his ipad .
the third time he asked for something she said it was the last time she would buy anything for him for the rest of the day .
i was in my room doing make up work for school my dad was playing with my sister and my stepmom was watching netflix .
all of a sudden i hear him yell to my stepmom
mommy can you buy this thing on my ipad ? ''
he starts screaming and yelling and she tries to be nice and calm him down .
he is dragged to his room and he gets put into timeout for 10 minutes to calm down .
i am fuming that he 's not punished more severely .
but then my dad swoops in and tells my stepmom
that 's the cause of all his problems right now . ''
he locks his door which my stepmom opened with the key go figure .
she takes away his ipad hid it on the top shelf in my closet because he would never think of looking there and he is still screaming .
but then my sister goes in to his room .
you 're only getting you 're ipad taken away for a little bit .
i 'll try to share my ipad with you too ! ''
he literally pushes her out of his room and she 's on the ground .
he then slams his door shut again and locks it .
she starts bawling and i pick her up and try to make her feel better .
my stepmom unlocks his door goes in and holy fuck i have never heard her yell so hard at him .
but he is also allowed no tv and he wo n't be getting his christmas presents until he shows improvement .
his ipad will probably be taken away for months now .
just thought i 'd share this epic story of mine that just happened .
hope you all feel the same triumph that i am still feeling
i had just completed tech school and was awaiting to be shipped to my first base .
i was on the detail to clean the lobby of the dormitory other branches call these barracks the air force calls them dorms .
to start the sergeant in charge demanded that the floors be swept and mopped because in his words the lobby was a mud-pit . ''
mississippi at that time of year is rather wet and the grounds were kind of unkempt so his assessment was n't unfair .
to start i opened the janitor 's closet to find all of the supplies reeked of mold and mildew .
i assumed what appeared is that a careless airman put everything away wet in a dark enclosed room .
possessing an adequately functioning brain i knew to not mop with a tainted mop and proceeded directly to the sergeant to get a fresh mop and restock the paper towels which also appeared slightly damp .
sarge i thought i told you to sweep and mop ! ''
sarge then get out there and do it ! ''
me will do sir but i was hoping i could get ''
sarge how hard is it to follow orders airman ? ! ?
so i swept and then proceeded to mop the lobby with a mop that reeked of mold and mildew using the pine sol available to me .
after i passed his office he said something along these lines
sarge what on earth are you doing airman ? ''
sarge i did n't tell you to spread mildew everywhere !
do n't you know how to use a fresh mop ?
me we do n't have any in the janitor 's closet and the fresh ones are locked up with the office supplies in your office . ''
the guy happened to have an allergy and had to go home early .
for the short remainder of my time there i was not interrupted when i asked clarifying questions .
‼️‼️holy fucking shit‼️‼️‼️‼️ is that a motherfucking jojo reference ? ? ? ? ? ? ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 11 ! 1 ! 1 ! 1 ! 1 ! 1 ! 1 !
😱😱😱😱😱😱😱 jojo is the best fucking anime 🔥🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯💯 josuke is so badasssss 😎😎😎😎😎😎😎👊👊👊👊👊 oraoraoraoraoraloraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraora 😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩 😩😩😩😩 mudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamudamuda 🤬😡🤬😡🤬😡🤬🤬😡🤬🤬😡wryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy yo angelo ! yo angelo ! 🗿 🗿 yo angelo ! 🗿 🗿 yo angelo !
🗿 🗿 🗿 🗿 🗿 🗿 yo angelo ! yo angelo ! yo angelo !
🗿 yo angelo ! yo angelo ! 🗿 🗿 yo angelo !
🗿 yo angelo ! 🗿 🗿 🗿 🗿 yo angelo !
🗿 🗿 yo angelo ! 🗿 🗿 yo angelo !
🗿 🗿 🗿 🗿 🗿 🗿 🗿 yo angelo ! 🗿 🗿 🗿 yo angelo ! 🗿 🗿 🗿 🗿 yare yare yare yare yare yare yare yare yare yare yare yare yare yare yare yare yare yare yare yare yare yare 🤙🏿🤙🏿🤙🏿🤙🏿🤙🏿🤙🏿🤙🏿🤙🏿🤙🏿🤙🏿🤙🏿🤙🏿🤙🏿🤙🏿🤙🏿🤙🏿 nigerundayoooo 🏃‍♂️🏃‍♂️🏃‍♂️ nigerundayoooo 🏃‍♂️🏃‍♂️🏃‍♂️ nigerundayoooo 🏃‍♂️🏃‍♂️ nigerundayoooo 🏃‍♂️🏃‍♂️ nigerundayoooo 🏃‍♂️🏃‍♂️ nigerundayoooo 🏃‍♂️🏃‍♂️ nigerundayoooo dorarararararararararararararararararararararararararararararararararara🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢 polanareffuuuuuuutururururururururururururu 🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸 turururururururururu 🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸 shiza !
shizaaaaaa ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔 dirty deeds done dirt cheap 💵💵💵💰💰💰💰💎💎 filthy acts as a reasonable price dirty deeds done dirt cheap 💵💵💵💰💰💰💰💎💎 filthy acts as a reasonable price dirty deeds done dirt cheap 💵💵💵💰💰💰💰💎💎 filthy acts as a reasonable price dirty deeds done dirt cheap 💵💵💵💰💰💰💰💎💎 filthy acts as a reasonable price kono powaaaaaa ! ! ! ! !
! 💣💣💣💣💣💣💣 temeeeeeeee kono powaaaaaa ! ! ! ! !
! 💣💣💣💣💣💣💣 temeeeeeeee kono powaaaaaa ! ! ! ! !
! 💣💣💣💣💣💣💣 temeeeeeeee kono powaaaaaa ! ! ! ! !
! 💣💣💣💣💣💣💣 temeeeeeeee kono powaaaaaa ! ! ! ! !
! 💣💣💣💣💣💣💣 temeeeeeeee giorno giovanna yume ga aru☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️ giorno giovanna yume ga aru☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️ giorno giovanna yume ga aru☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️ giorno giovanna yume ga aru☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️ giorno giovanna yume ga aru☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️ stickyyyyyy fingaaaaaa ! ! ! !
! ‼️‼️ pluck ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes ✅yes naniiiii⁉️⁉️⁉️ bakanaaaaa‼️‼️‼️ bucciarati ! ! ! ! ! ! !
tequila🍺🍻🍾🥂🥂🍺🥂🍸🥃🥃 tequila🍺🍻🍾🥂🥂🍺🥂🍸🥃🥃 tequila🍺🍻🍾🥂🥂🍺🥂🍸🥃🥃 tequila🍺🍻🍾🥂🥂🍺🥂🍸🥃🥃 tequila🍺🍻🍾🥂🥂🍺🥂🍸🥃🥃 tequila🍺🍻🍾🥂🥂🍺🥂🍸🥃🥃 drink abbacchio 's piss drink abbacchio 's piss drink abbacchio 's piss drink abbacchio 's piss 🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤢🤢🤢🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮 drink abbacchio 's piss drink abbacchio 's piss drink abbacchio 's piss drink abbacchio 's piss 🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤢🤢🤢🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮 🌍🌍🌍do you believe in gravity🌍🌍🌍 🌍🌍🌍do you believe in gravity🌍🌍🌍 🌍🌍🌍do you believe in gravity🌍🌍🌍 🌍🌍🌍do you believe in gravity🌍🌍🌍 🌍🌍🌍do you believe in gravity🌍🌍🌍 🌍🌍🌍do you believe in gravity🌍🌍🌍 🌍🌍🌍do you believe in gravity🌍🌍🌍 🌍🌍🌍do you believe in gravity🌍🌍🌍 🌍🌍🌍do you believe in gravity🌍🌍🌍 🌍🌍🌍do you believe in gravity🌍🌍🌍 👼👼👼madeu in heaven !
! 👼👼👼 oh you 're approaching me❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓ oh you 're approaching me❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓ oh you 're approaching me❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓ oh you 're approaching me❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓ oh you 're approaching me❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓ oh you 're approaching me❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓ oh you 're approaching me❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓ oh you 're approaching me❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓ but it was me dio‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣😂😂 but it was me dio‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣😂😂 but it was me dio‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣😂😂 but it was me dio‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣😂😂 but it was me dio‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣😂😂 but it was me dio‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣😂😂 but it was me dio‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣😂😂 but it was me dio‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣😂😂
i do n't usually post but i 've always had a low level of anxiety but recently during 2020 things definitely got worse .
i 'd imagine that may be the case for a bunch of people .
i actually took time off work and still out to try to find a medication that works .
i had started on lexapro but within the first week anxiety was spiked and i had my first panic attack .
needless to say i was a bit caught off guard and the thought of having another one is terrifying to me .
i 've tried a bunch of different ssris and none of the have been a match for me .
i am getting a little bit frustrated with how long this is taking to find something that works .
i have lost quite a bit of weight already a small person to begin with so it is definitely more noticeable and ca n't seem to gain it back no matter how much i think i am eating .
i am not sure what i really wanted from this post maybe just a vent .
my dad is in his 60s and before he had children when he could read he read westerns .
so was reading books current in the 60s and 70s .
i want to find some westerns written more recently like in this century or at earliest the 90s that he may enjoy .
so far i have had thomas dewitt 'the sisters brothers ' and 'all the little horses ' and sequels by cormac mccarthy .
larry mcmurtry has also been suggested but is a little earlier than i was wanting .
for christmas presents so needs to be something easy to find in the uk .
my doc wants me to do a 40/30/20/10 dosage of pred and i 'm nervous about side effects have n't taken it before .
at the same time we found out my partner had cancer .
i convinced him to start treatment for his kids sake .
i really tried so hard to be there for him .
i helped him set up drs appointments we cried together laughed together .
simultaneously i was pregnant and it seemed to make sense to not keep it with everything that was going on .
a week later it got too much for me and i broke down and said i regretted having the abortion .
and our friends somehow all found out i was pregnant and were all gossiping with each other and just ...
i dunno if they judged me or they just could n't be bothered to be inconvenienced or he told
whenever i try to get support on reddit i have no one else to talk to loads of people tell me it 's my fault for making him feel bad when he had cancer .
i just broke down to hi 'm about how my body was feeling after the abortion .
i was n't trying to take away from his cancer it was just really painful for me not having a baby i wanted .
people online keep telling me it 's a good thing he broke up with me .
did i do a horrible thing please i need help
today is a day which myself my coaches the squad and most importantly you have been waiting for what seems like an eternity .
i am delighted we can finally welcome some of you back into this fantastic stadium .
the fact this day has arrived with us sitting top second of the league after the end of the most recent match round last weekend is a nice place to be .
it is a good feeling that we have hopefully brought a little bit of joy to your lives in what has been an extremely difficult time for everyone .
of course we would rather be able to share today with many more fans however i feel 2,000 of you that are here today represent the entire universe of tottenham hotspur supporters and we hope this is the first step to welcoming back even more of you in the future this season .
due to print deadlines and our compact schedule of fixtures i am writing this column before our europa league match against lask so i am not able to talk about that game .
the biggest positive i took from our last premier league outing against chelsea on sunday was the fact that not one player sat in the dressing room after the game was satisfied that we came away from stamford bridge with a point .
for me that signifies a shift in mentality and personality from my players and that makes me extremely happy .
not only that it shows the confidence and belief we have in ourselves and it is a display of our ambition .
today we welcome another london neighbour in arsenal to our home .
despite their current position in the league we are under no illusions that they will attempt to make this match as difficult as possible for us particularly as it is a local derby .
it is vitally important therefore that we continue to play with the same spirit and determination that has seen us achieve the results we have so far this season .
enjoy the game and please continue to stay safe .
moving into a new bedroom and i 'm planning on using a fairly large crt as my main television made the most sense in terms of picture quality for my money but i 'm gon na need to find a way to get all my modern amenities working with it .
my plan is to get myself an old mac mini with analog dvi out or if that fails use my ps3 to at least get netflix .
i 'm in europe so i 'd like to take advantage of scart the superior analog video format as i understand but i honestly do n't fully understand how it works .
no information seems to exist on the maximum supported resolution/framerate on the tv i 'm picking up ... should i just assume it 'll cap out at 576p30/576i60 ?
or is there a chance i can push it further ?
there are no direct adapters and i know i 'll lose fidelity if i convert dvi composite scart but how about dvi component scart ?
please excuse my confusedness and total lack of understanding as to how any of this works .
my boyfriend mark fake name wants to break up .
he said that he loves me and does want to be together but ca n't move forward with himself to make his future better .
mark 's been sulking in silence without telling me before he crumbled down .
he has this goal to marry me and give me a house but acts like he has to do it alone i tell him we both can work on it but i 'll be happy just with him .
mark 's depressed with himself and says that he does n't have the education or motivation within himself to do it .
he says he does n't have enough money and i believe him because he starves himself because he does n't have food his family takes it from him while he pays for his portion of rent and goes to work .
i tried explaining that if he wants to go to school i 'll help him study or if he wants to work on himself i 'll talk about his troubles because i 'm in the same boat just more balanced .
mark is opening his eyes again because the flu '' is getting it 's shots soon and he ca n't hide behind the border walls anymore .
he thought it would take more time and he was convincing himself and me that it was fine .
mark talked about money talked about how he did n't have enough but i was too shy to talk about his spending habits to say he could save it .
he 's buying games for people and just wasting money on going out for food weekly .
but regardless he told me he wanted to take a break .
mark said he wanted to work on himself and told me he was hoping i would wait five years for him to get self care .
i asked if we were breaking up and he said yes .
i left said goodbye removed him on our social medias .
he started freaking out suddenly going on a spree to call me and tell me he wants to be my friend still because he still loves me .
i went to a friend for help as they seen me heartbroken before .
we talked about my emotions and then mark was still calling me .
i said i was done avoiding him for thirty minutes and called him again .
he said he got so panicked when i left and said he got a week old snapchat that said i loved him and his sister brought sunflowers my favorite flowers to his home and he said he started regretting breaking up with me .
i believe those because he screenshot the week old snap and then sent me that and the flowers to my discord .
i told him i did n't want to break up and being friends was a terrible idea to me .
i told him i either leave and do n't come back or stay dating with him .
mark agreed and said he still wants to date .
i feel like an asshole denying his request to say he wants to be single for a while but i did n't want to go through that again because i 've had before .
should i break up things for his sake and ignore my own wants so he 'll be better ?
or should i just help him more while in the relationship ?
sam and dean have heard tell if supernatural happenings in san francisco and gear up to take it down .
assume stuff that works in supernatural works on him .
this is only against cole/belthazar when he first shows up against sam and dean with only the knowledge that it 's a demon causing trouble .
both sides are doing everything in their power to beat the other .
hi everyone i am looking to commission a piece of several very simple small dogs for my grandmother for christmas .
while i 'd like them simple i at least want it obvious what breed they are .
it would be 7 dogs in total and i can provide pictures of them .
when i 'm at home i do n't get matches very often .
but then i 'll travel to another town let 's say an hour away and then i 'll get several matches .
1 00:00 best in the world '' capcomfighters octa0000 0.1201 twitch_clips_discovery click https www.twitch.tv/capcomfighters/v/824730326 ? t=1h55m31s
2 00:19 and he lived happily ever after '' slaynman slaynman 0.01355 twitch_clips_discovery click https www.twitch.tv/slaynman/v/825560859 ? t=46m10s
5 01:44 vesper is n't scared '' vesperarcade the_mega_guy 0.002 twitch_clips_discovery click https www.twitch.tv/vesperarcade/v/825004375 ? t=51m37s
11 03:56 there are three rounds for a reason '' nemo_good trollpanga 0.0017 twitch_clips_discovery click https www.twitch.tv/nemo_good/v/825867939 ? t=4h47m34s
21 09:06 i 'm gon na get my stocks lol '' daigothebeastv motoko 2e-05 twitch_clips_discovery click https www.twitch.tv/daigothebeastv/v/825135137 ? t=2h39m41s
i feel as though i know the answer but i 'm in this weird headspace where i am doubting myself and am seeking an answer .
for example if i deposit 10k ink a brokerage let 's say robinhood .
i make 2k profit and end up with 12k for the year .
i am only taxed on the 2k and not my initial deposit my gains ?
my mother has always been very abusive from when i was 5 she would hit me behind my dads back and tell me that if i told him she would hit me again when i was 7 she would heat a spoon on the stove and burn my hand with it for the simplest of reasons dropping a cup etc .
my arm is covered in scars since when i was 10 she used to cut them with her finger nails as punishment but as i grew older she resorted more to mental abuse as i became stronger and could defend myself she has been calling me the worst of names and doing as much as she can to destroy me .
i got enough of it about 6 months ago and lashed out on her calling her out for everything she has done and she responded with how dare you talk to me like that ? ? ? ''
and hit me with a broom stick cutting my lip open and left me with a very big and deep cut on my arm that was it for me i have n't talked or had any contact with her since only contact i have had at home is with my dad .
since then she has been trying to guilt trip me into apologizing to her she has tried sending me hadeeths about how i should respect her and listen to everything she says she had a couple relatives talk to me she even had a sheikh record a message telling me to apologize to her .
i 'm trying to research who guidelines for sanitation and water safety i have to
make an executive summary on who guidelines for sanitation and water safety
explore how those guidelines have been implemented in a refugee camp
c. compare a refugee camp to homelessness in san francisco
was wondering if others purchased one and their unvarnished opinion .
my new to me clarity hybrid is 2018 and 15k miles a certified preowned vehicle .
the finance person gave the usual hard sell on extras which i typically ignore but what seemed legitimate was his comment you are buying a spaceship '' .
the 3rd party warranty covers unexpected expenses '' bumper to bumper including all the tech but not wear and tear for about 400 a year .
it 's not terrible in price but i guess what is bothers me is that it is not from honda and i ca n't even find their name on the brochure .
will stuff be covered or will they have a thousand loopholes ?
is there a way to get a different warranty directly from honda ?
9 03:32 combo into hms step '' invictusgorila lone_wolf_tk 0.0024 twitch_clips_discovery click https www.twitch.tv/invictusgorila/v/825766708 ? t=1h41m52s
12 04:49 styling with yoshi '' eyemusician1123 nauqeas 0.0017 twitch_clips_discovery click https www.twitch.tv/eyemusician1123/v/826583603 ? t=3h38m36s
and i can not travel home to europe due to covid .
i have nobody to spend christmas with and i 'm really dreading it .
east coast here the way the news is it would make one believe that almost everyone in cali has covid right now .
edit is it safe to say this is a government conspiracy ?
why do they want us in fear so badly ?
why do they think we can be deceived so easily ?
help i need a guide about how make resource and texture packs really want to learn
ministry of solutions asks for teamviewer remote access to a pc so i want to confirm if they 're trustworthy .
i want to say something that i think is true but hard to articulate .
today so many christians are obsessed with politics first politics before christianity .
as though it is through politics that christianity is proved .
this is the totalizing and destructive effect of modernism and it 's inheritance .
when i look instead at a saint like john of kronstadt who lived on the edge of the modern wave i see something different .
st john loved his emperor and excoriated bolshevism and often even opposed liberal reforms .
but he was superlatively charitable merciful and filled with love for the poor and the common the just and the condemned with attentiveness to all who came before him .
in karamazov dostoevsky has elder zosima describe a christian society where the state becomes the church wholly under christian ethics .
where mankind is clothed fed for this world and the next .
this seems to me at least to be the ideology of 'political orthodoxy ' once upon a time .
today it seems normal for orthodox people to adhere to politics that they think are 'christian ' but to ignore the charity mercy and love that the church showed in the past .
what i describe about st john and dostoevsky is i think mostly missing .
the ideology about the state is put first even when well-meaning christians attempt to root their politics in the church .
this applies across the spectrum from conservative to socialist .
i pray that we find a way back to that earlier method where christianity was the goal .
i apologize if this does n't make a lot of sense and to anyone this comment offends .
ooc reading through all that and not being able to stop
keqing fischl beidou any of these 3 make short work of the water boss .
true we have n't discovered all duskwood 's map yet 😉 jessy has a lot more places to show
and i just want to take a moment and express my happiness that a legend has recognized the picture and enjoys it .
so i was told that double vision with one eye closed is less serious than if it goes away when you close an eye .
it can be from dry eyes or astigmatism or cataracts things like that .
i do n't know if that helps a bit .
i really sympathize with you no matter what the cause because it 's one more thing you do n't need .
perhaps you 'll be able to go back on the gabapentin if it turns out to be unrelated .
weak men ... . and their continuance continue to vote for them ... .
personal preference as their scent is a little overwhelming to me .
by the time i get tired of pinching off the flowers the plant is usually pretty bushy and seems to continue with the bushy growth even without removing the flowers .
yesterday i work from 1000 to 2030 at data centre for a weekend job x but yeah .
it 's definitely still an issue if you 're actually from another country anti-immigrant rhetoric is a thing .
being constantly singled out for something you ca n't control is awful and othering regardless of where you are or where you 're from .
i want links for the shock factor but now i 'm intrigued
the center for ccu 51 looked like he was on another planet there for a second
everyone who says he 's amazing is n't lying .
everyone who says he 's trash is n't exaggerating .
i love zhongli 's kit and think he 's very well designed well balanced .
the only thing i would change about the character is the strength/balance of his element and that 's it .
both things can be valid because ultimately it is largely subjective .
the problem w the whole zhongli sucks '' crowd is too many of them argue that he is mathematically proven '' to be bad all because of one single youtube video .
at least the people saying the character is good are basing it on their own experience with the character rather than someone else 's analysis .
there are undeniably people calling zhongli bad who do n't even own the character and it 's incredibly obvious .
i 'm sus because of my favorite movies and movies that are still good .
military spending was cut fairly quickly by the conservatives after 2010 and after a decade of neglect the government is now rebuilding the country 's power projection .
as much as this lot apparently hate trump and the uk/europe 's dependence on america they seem very against any tangible steps towards european countries being self-reliant on defence .
sheesh everytime i read an article about this woman it just gets worse 😂
it 's unfortunate you feel the need to clairfy your own briefs when clearly explaining your experiences growing up around the religions of topic being intertwined .
never feel like you owe it to anyone to justify what you think is real when giving experience based information .
edit briefs ment to be beliefs but it 's better this way .
no not even poisons can force someone to make a death save before the start of their next turn .
to some extent we know emilia gets the most searches and therefore has the most potential for clicks .
there is far more clickbaity content out there than basically reposting her ig .
you know who is in a couple of upcoming studio movies and could use the promotion ?
the reason i have a much bigger problem with this is that hotd does n't have a release yet and they 're already starting with the negative vibe .
this is a show with completely different showrunners and a completely new cast which is less connective tissue than most prequels and sequels that often have a connecting character or two .
yta ... you 're pro life but wo n't be there for a young woman pregnant .
you claim religious reasons but wo n't show love hospitality compassion etc to your own blood !
religion has to be more than sunday service words !
check your heart your pride and self righteous thinking .
why in the world would she want to bring life into this world when she 's experiencing so much judgment lack or love or compassion .
why would she want her child to be apart of your self righteous family .
you need to pray repent and ask god for help to get your heart and mind right .
welcome to the most reliable hunk of metal and wood you will own .
is that the 17-year old that crossed a state line with a gun that was n't his and shot those guys ?
did n't he go there with the intent to defend the neighborhood at least according to him ?
that 's why i joined reddit in hopes to find people with a similar struggle and connect !
did n't help that i ate dinner at 5 thinking fights were starting at 6 .
please no terrible pacing once the fights start narrator there will be
so the potential senators begged trump to come to georgia ?
no it 's better we say north and south because it acknowledges history .
yeah the south rebelled and wanted to create a new country and yeah they did but the reason why we act is if they do n't is because of abraham lincoln .
you see presidents have the power to recognize that a country exists and that it is a country .
but when lincoln made the famous emancipation proclamation he specifically made sure not to call them the csa because he did not recognize the country only as rebelling states .
by doing so he essentially said that the south is not its own country or independent and that is was still part of the usa and will forever be under its rule .
so by calling them north and south we recognize that the csa was never it 's own country because our country never recognized it as such .
who cares if he wants to post it in 100 subreddits ?
i 'd wan na show it off too if i had this much !
still waiting for the service part since 11:48 am it 's now 5:22 pm .
even then walk back to the break room ask someone to call maintenance to the spill walk back to guard the spill fill out an eta the next scheduled day .
or do bicep curls because it moves the blood away from the groin area .
yeah not only is the character unrealistic and considering how mentally meek and frail she still is..
they should n't have made her such a basket case.. you can blow a little girls brains out..
but your teen adopted boy who keeps trying to get killed.. gets killed..oh no i 'm so distraught my 5th kid i watched out for is dead..
i 'm going to get all my friends killed ! !
we 're scared of catching a more deadly and contagious cold with no vaccine yes
this is your friendly automod here reminding you to check the rules https www.reddit.com/r/gachaclub/about/rules of our sub before you post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gachaclub if you have any questions or concerns .
i think i spent all my phone minutes on the cliffs of logic !
is this everything i need to have a fully functioning pc besides the monitor ?
but our boi jfk said no and the world moved on to become a better place because of his policies
a thorough understanding of tactics and logistics for one .
you 'll need to graduate from some sort of officer 's training school before even considering it .
removed your karma score is below 10 please reach this before posting again .
you get karma by commenting on subreddits and people upvoting it .
this action is to prevent spam on the subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/clashroyale if you have any questions or concerns .
i find it pretty funny that she 's just chilling in equestria
the dude is more educated with politics than 99 percent of voters .
this piece is for sale and is an instance of a very popular 1960s design perhaps originated by niels møller .
the seller says it does have a made in denmark mark but no other identifiers .
it 's a draw leaf with a slight boat shape .
i see plenty of these by plenty of designers on chairish 1stdibs and so on but would like to know who this belongs to specifically !
the chairs were originally in black leather and may be a set but i ca n't verify .
it means you 're committed to more than on person .
if everyone in the relationship is aware and consenting there should n't be any issue .
i do n't do these things because i do n't believe in god i do these things because i want to
i hope so but from some of the shit i 've heard i do n't hold my breath .
if you still harbor hate towards your exes you 're just wasting your own time .
that was the last game i pre-ordered and i promised myself i wouldnt do it again till cyberpunk
well i usually watch long island watch random rob bruce williams just one more watch and average bros .
i 'm not sure if i would say anyone is better than the other i feel like i watch each of them for different reasons .
det finns en inställning där man kan ställa in att ens inlägg arkiveras när de blir tillräckligt gamla .
i 'd say she 's going super saiyan but she 's already blonde ...
i think he 's shown potential here as an oc even if this year has n't gone well at all .
i 'm gon na give him the benefit of the doubt and judge the offense on these last five games with him in control
it looks like life 's already done that for me buddy and before you ask no i do n't have any spare change .
i regularly do soup kitchen work and the only thing you can rely on is the unreliability of donations .
we 've had nothing but a couple crates full of slightly out-of-date coleslaw and unrefrigerated pork come in before and that was a good day .
for example i posted some undertale videos and it 's such a well-loved and highly revered game but my videos performed very poorly .
i played a way less popular game hardspace shipbreaker and those videos did much better .
i 've heard pt 5 is the worst for deaths so i 'm kind of scared to start it tbh lmao i even cried for shigechi 's death so idk at this point how i 'll manage
how tf do we know niesow is n't cheating ?
i saw this when it was still collaborative and i was n't sure who it could be this week .
it makes sense that it 's who it is .
in my freshmen year of highschool i was so scared i pretended i did n't speak english for the entire year .
i spoke mainly spanish and added a few english words if necessary
i spoke in an accent and tried my hardest to just make people leave me alone .
anyway some kids started yelling racial slurs at me .
i asked the teacher to tell them to stop because hey you do n't need to be telling the hispanic kid to go back to mexico .
instead of telling them to stop she told me to stop talking with an accent .
she called my mom because i would n't talk she called the school therapist because i would n't talk and she never said anything to those asshole kids .
i passed with a b probably would have gotten an a if i had said something .
edited to add dear shy kids i started as no speak english girl and ended as prom queen there is hope .
my brain immediately thinking about the weird marks on my wall and how my paint is even distraction !
if your mba is equivalent and your ielts score is good you can get a score of 481 .
lmk if you prefer to want the email of the codes
5 minutes with clay ballard and danny maude chipping videos and i feel like that 's solvable .
i think clays chipping and pitching is what i took the most from and my fallback for when i 'm not feeling more adventurous .
you should n't save for a specific character in the first place especially if you just like him due to his looks .
you should save for a character which fits your teams .
if you do n't want to play efficient then stop whining about underwhelming characters .
at one point there will be plenty since there 're only 7 elements and like 2 roles per element support dps and you will have plenty of characters sharing same role element and some of them will be worse than others .
i 'll go some digging for the pod and link to it
the constellations for many characters legitimately make the character more fun by enabling much quicker cooldowns ability storage different playstyles etc .
this is the only gacha i 've ever played that actually changes the characters abilities with dupes and i 've played most games on the market .
every other game does stat bonuses because only letting whales get the most fun out of a character is obviously a shitty super anti-consumer stance even for a gacha game .
provide some examples of other games who do this .
protip not a single one of the top 10 grossing gacha games do it .
i really hope that you 're seeing an emotional therapist .
this is readily understandable after the heart-punch that you received .
i 've been prone to depression for decades and i know the signs .
it 's an aesthetically pleasing picture and would 've been symmetrical the cup was in the center of the table mat
remember most of their attitude is not your fault .
if their insurance does n't take it is not your fault .
i was a dh for awhile and it was mentally draining .
it 's for some people but was n't for me .
hang in there stay positive do n't take thier attitude personal .
by cry for help i actually mean cry for help with the part i 'm stuck in ''
saw a clip of someone else pulling this and had the lobby split between asshole and genius .
this is probably the best youtube channel that i 've seen on this stuff .
my bad brother it was n't exactly in order of picks when i posted this comment .
you 'll be even more shocked how kemba fell that low .
people in my league were reluctant to pick him due to his injury history
theres a little more to it than speeding it up but it still weeb trash
first i found wet sanding makes the marks a little less noticeable .
i sanded by hand on a flat surface with sand paper taped down .
also most importantly i sanded in one direction only directions pushing the handle out the bringing it back the exact same direction no circles .
i think this leaves the marks but you have to be holding it at a specific angle trying to find them to see them .
also 220 is not really necessary i did it to try and rid the dings from dropping it .
if he 's real then he 's a corporate shill .
thank you i have read up on it and it sounds like a really interesting plot .
on the question of development '' proudhon probably is n't going to be of much immediate use to you .
there is stuff in his theory of the revolution '' that perhaps relates to the question of stages '' but i think it may be more work than would be useful to tease out the good bits .
edit also they have not looked great in the second half their defense has been ok but they only scored 3 points this whole half so far .
i know you do n't have much respect for apple but logic is n't that expensive ...
well highways '' in the sense you probably mean numbered state-maintained roads do turn a profit .
most of us studying the question eventually settle on the aggregate figures collected every year in the bureau of transportation statistics ' table hf-10 .
https www.fhwa.dot.gov/policyinformation/statistics/2016/hf10.cfm this shows that revenue from users pays more than half the direct costs of all streets and roads in the country down from 70 earlier in the decade because politicians are afraid to raise gas taxes .
superhighways are only 1.4 percent of all roads but carry 32 of all vehicle-miles traveled .
it seems only proper to allocate in an accounting sense the revenue stream to the facility that generates it .
so i think it 's fair to say that freeways and other very busy highways are paid for entirely by their users while about 40 of the cost of local streets and country roads is currently paid for by motorists .
i wish people would buy ice cream earlier in the spring so it gets warmer sooner
still does n't change the fact that the electro set with a unique effect is pretty terrible .
and it might be usable on autokeq with a xingqiu but that 's a weird combo when you can just run the set you mentioned for even more damage as electroqueen
at the start of the game i affectionately called him freak '' because i am bad with names and kept forgetting his and because he fits my type of fave characters .
after the trial i still called him freak but much much much less affectionately
this is the same game that landed the jets quinnen williams instead of nick bosa 2 years ago .
jackman is your typical australian male found all over the continent .
one of them is living in my home right now !
brutal that the titans have to use their challenge there when both refs had a very clear view of the obvious catch
epic legally can not bring back battlepass skins since they were marketed as battlepass exclusive .
meredith and kelly were n't in it a lot of extras that did n't show up in the next episodes
your submission was removed for having an all-caps title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/h1z1 if you have any questions or concerns .
they can trust her by not being piece of crap individuals who f€ their sisters husbands ?
i just searched orlando running looking for good places to train and your post popped up do you know of any good tracks or trails ?
people use mnk to cheat not because they just want to play mnk .
use similarly to stonks '' except when something/an idea is innovative .
if he is american it 's kind of normal for him not to understand guns are just too much normalized in the usa .
on top of the fact that he ca n't push the w11 enough
in his defense he was injured for that entire season as well .
he was not only a 5-star prospect but had a perfect 100 rating per the major recruiting services .
that is incredibly rare and shows the raw talent he was seen to possess .
they 're still slower than the fastest tn 's and that 's why their strobing at 240 hz is subpar .
i definitely recommend getting all the memories and then beating ganon again .
just an update on this after another support chat session this morning .
minecraft never ever showed up in my library when trying to access the library directly from the menus within the ps4 itself however when i used an actual computer to login to ps went to my library and purchased games it did show up there .
i had the option to download it to my ps4 and when i returned to the ps4 it showed up as downloading minecraft for ps4 .
when it was done and i launched it it said bedrock but seems to work fine and was able to sign in to my ms account to get all my dlc back .
my ex just randomly made that decision and i ca n't really just go and kidnap my kids .
we have a court hearing end of this month to decide .
i am asking for 50/50 while the kids have distance learning then swapping to me as primary next school year .
it is always an uphill battle when mom has them established in school already .
def try your best to be calm and collected with your ex in communications and always try to see your kids as much as possible .
do n't let her establish status quo where you are only seeing your kid on weekends or something .
checo is racing from 20th to 3rd like a damn nascar race out here
cmon munchies at least be as creative with your username as you are with your wild stories
i do n't really know much about levi 's but my first question would be how are other people listing them ?
i 'd be inclined to list in both make two listings one for men 's and one for women 's .
for the women 's listing make it very clear what the tag says and that you think they are a men 's jean .
and if omeone buys that listing i would confirm with them after purchase hey just wanted to make sure you saw these are a men 's jean and that works for you blah blah .
that should cover you if they try to open a bogus case .
and then one listing sells make sure to delete the other one
i also heard that when women are getting work or having surgery down there '' that they have student gynecologists perform pap smears for practice .
to think he finished the season only 15 points off schumacher and 1 point off ilott in his first year and in a less competitive team speaks for itself .
they are most likely not from the nl black market instead man i live in virginia and have had those by the hundreds
i think you might want to get a ku subscription and read a bunch of books .
loads of people are writing 5k stories about characters having sex and those stories are selling so you should read a bunch to get a better idea of what erotica readers want .
that 's not to say you have to write 5k instead of 10-20k novelettes but you should read whatever length you 're looking to write to figure out how it 's paced and why .
i keep daily notes https www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/k7pm9t/if_you_are_not_keeping_a_journal_start_now/geureml ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf context=3 on my ipad because i 'm a digital crack junkie who also loves daily journaling
my new roommate is a dehydrating fiend bringing in jars upon jars of fruit .
i have n't seen much talk about this in the f2 on this subreddit so i thought i 'd contribute for future reference .
this is a super useful way to store fruit in bulk so that you can just easily slip it into f2 's as needed .
dehydrated mixins are best for folks who want prominently fruity flavor the taste of the vinegary flavor of kombucha tea is mostly drowned out .
a cozy sweet flavor that reminds you of christmas .
this is a very unique flavor as most booch tends to taste light and summery .
this thing is like an italian soda with warheads in it .
these are the only fruit that turned grey in the f2 but it 's also worth noting that these are the only ones pictured that were commercially produced .
the green tea of the jun lets the pineapple flavor come through a bit more some people have commented that pineapple booch does n't taste like pineapple some say it 's like a cider .
there is zero chance that the legal system will let him have power over you like that .
you 've already taken the right steps just need to get over the finish line .
it wo n't be cool anymore i 'm about 5 years .
maybe you should drink less and get more therapy .
do n't try to see the good in people believe them when they show you who you are .
being the smart kid in school is going to make you real stupid when you get to college .
do n't be afraid to be the stupid one ... just ask more questions .
your imagination is like a muscle ... if you do n't exercise it it will atrophy .
do n't be afraid to tell your doctor about your suicidal ideations .
you will literally have a 5 minute conversation and then get medications that will put a stop to all of that .
they ca n't actually lock you up which is what you are afraid of without a pretty solid reason .
also plenty of people lie about actually doing quarantine for 2 weeks .
that is a ridiculous video and the comparison is still a stretch .
might as well note that none of the occupants of the car were wearing masks either .
next week is b i g f i g time
i used to be the same way trying to use up mediocre older products and only saved my good stuff for special occasions but screw that !
now i 'm decluttering all the stuff that i do n't use and keeping my focus on my faves !
definitely enjoy doing my makeup so much more now !
play zidane as a cdm on balanced with kante as a stayback .
palestinians have been murdering peaceful jewish settlers in palestine since the first aliyah
when that shit falls on him is pretty accurate for the comedown 😂
a queen 's conquest has a mix of internal conflict and progression .
as well as the fact the protagonist deals with both internal issues and external ones .
it 's very much a fic focused more on the protagonist and their personal internal issues though the outside world is fairly influential obviously .
all your critics here are ignoring that 1 pandemics and other random shit happen you are supposed to have a backup plan for any disruption to business and 2 capitalism is n't charity it 's cutthroat .
you bet wrong you die and you deserve it .
i do n't like our heartless system but i do n't make the rules .
probably not but her instagram is basically free only fans lol
well my point is that he must have something better to do hence introducing him would be difficult .
melo has been in need of am attitude adjustment and acceptance that he is n't a major star for at least 5 years now .
he has been operating like he was on the level with the games best players long after it was apparent he no longer deserved it .
it 's why everywhere he has gone or been rumored to go since new york the first question that came up is will melo adjust .
5.5s should easily be a manageable lead buy why am i so nervous that bottas will catch up
with cinnamon toast crunch milkshake at disney world ... . ‘murica
yeah just like zelina was like a daughter and garza was the second coming of eddie guerrero .
before anybody says anything i really dig keith lee it 's just that it 's pointless listening to anything vince says or promises or projects .
start the next book off with something new and unexpected !
the horn in my car is n't working but now i know what to do thanks !
why ca n't we just allow anyone to be president ?
i would gladly welcome a woke 20-year-old to be president .
i have chubb and henry starting in fantasy so let 's hope for a run fest all day
i do n't think it 's simply based on how well his games sold .
think about the majority of top selling games on nintendo consoles and handhelds .
would n't the best sellers be e and t-rated games ?
that 's what happens when you are upstream and have control over the water flow across your border !
thank you my goal was a clean and nice drawing thats why i traced .
if they are n't allowed a dish on the roof they will have to go without i 'm afraid .
a satellite dish on the roof is not a right .
i honestly think that the uzi needs a 10 or 20 reduction in bullet spread and maybe an increase in clip size in order to be viable
i swear they are gon na start portraying tom as buc .
i think first name here is a filler for their actual first name .
sounds like everyone else 's name tag had their first and last name so it would have singled him out to have only his first name on his .
damn so much about england seems bland to me .
the gulf war 2 august 1990 – 28 february 1991 was a war waged by coalition forces from 35 nations led by the united states against iraq in response to iraq 's invasion and annexation of kuwait arising from oil pricing and production disputes .
it was codenamed operation desert shield 2 august 1990 – 17 january 1991 for operations leading to the buildup of troops and defense of saudi arabia and operation desert storm 17 january 1991 – 28 february 1991 in its combat phase .
on 2 august 1990 the iraqi army invaded and occupied kuwait which was met with international condemnation and brought immediate economic sanctions against iraq by members of the un security council .
uk prime minister margaret thatcher and us president george h .
about me https www.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrn2mj/about_me opt out https www.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrti43/opt_out_here op can reply ! delete to delete article of the day https redd.it/k7isfc
i know these get old eventually but i just love puns .
dude sounds like a really annoying teacher i had in middle school ffs
so fucking happy we had toby back in time for this game
if this post makes you suffer upvote this comment .
if this post breaks any rule s be sure to report this post and downvote this comment .
i understand why this had been removed but they are n't similar
i died on round 6 because i placed 1 dart monkey only and it was in a bad spot
she is n't in a scenario where her outfit would be inappropriate .
ca n't you just let people have fun ? ? ?
i will try something else in the foreground to see how it looks maybe some plants .
and i 'm going to add more variety to the trees !
was the first part of that from something real ?
fuck this journalism this article is literally just that news.com.au article but with the sentence structures swapped .
latrell mitchell slams indigenous national anthem at wallabies test https www.reddit.com/r/nrl/comments/k7inwn/latrell_mitchell_slams_indigenous_national_anthem
indigenous nrl star latrell mitchell has hit out after history was made at saturday night 's wallabies test when the national anthem was sung in two languages for the first time in australian sport .
before the aussies ' rugby championship clash against argentina which ended in a 16-all draw a spine-tingling rendition of advance australia fair was performed both in english and in the eora language .
watch the 2020 autumn nations cup live on bein sports with kayo .
olivia fox a young singer from the newtown high school of the performing arts belted out the stirring rendition of the anthem as many rugby fans praised the unique acknowledgment of australia 's indigenous people .
when will people understand that changing it to language does n't change the meaning ! he posted on instagram with a face-palm emoji .
be proud but understand what you 're being proud of .
mitchell is a proud indigenous man and appeared in this year 's nrl marketing campaign with the aboriginal flag draped across his back .
during last year 's state of origin series the nsw centre made headlines when he protested against the anthem by refusing to sing as did blues teammates cody walker josh addo-carr and blake ferguson .
mitchell did n't play in this year 's origin series but the anthem protests from players continued .
don'tbe too harsh on kid you'all we shill our shitcoins from time-to-time..
i 'm waiting for any updates on this i hope this will materialize coz the crypto backed creditcard without over collateralizing no exorbitant fees especlly no liquidation with a boosting 180 creditline vs crypto holdings is a disruptive concept in the space .
using your own crypto charging you for interest with it let alone the fucking high gas fees.. 🙅‍♂️
happy pup day and wishing you all the treats 🎂🐕
it really sucks that mr wizard fucked evo because i think sg being open bracket would have helped a lot
actually i take that back ... ..here in the us he would have gotten 9999 years plus 8 life sentences on top of that .
any idea on how to get these mega files without the issue of 'quota exceeded ' .
ever since the uploaders have switched to mega i 'm facing this issue .
dabo now at 120 wins in the last 10 seasons .
i twice lived next to the pepperidge farm factory once on the east side and once on the left side .
damn bro i am in the same situation 5ft at 17 and idk the answer yet .
corona really making it hard for us to talk to girls regardless of height .
from past experience the best way i have had conversations with girls was actually sitting down next to each other so the height is n't really a factor .
but eventually you got ta face it so you just have to accept that yeah you are shorter than her but it 's on her whether she wants to continue to talk to you as you ca n't control the situation too much .
i also think that cracking jokes helps take whatever pressure you might be feeling i often even joke about my own height to get it out of the way .
i do n't have too much experience either but that 's just that i picked up at school so it might help .
gl man and do n't get discouraged from trying cuz that 's really all you can do
just to be clear the mb hdmi will not work with the r5 3600 .
since this is your first pc build i 'll ask you to be sure the ram is seated fully and secured into place .
have you tried using 1 stick at a time in slot 2 only ?
go ahead and remove your nvme drive while you try to get past the dram debug led .
i 've actually never laughed so much at a meme good on you sir
this sub is usually pretty accommodating though with good knowledge and tips .
in case it came across as condescending it was n't or do you subscribe to the idea that simply being asian is something to feel condescended about ?
remember op is a real person who has taken a risk by posting photos of herself to the internet .
if in doubt ask yourself how would i feel if someone posted this comment about me ? ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigasses if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah true hes second biggest honestly now that i think about it ... bigger than brandon but less aesthetic
but one day when she was n't running from it my mom grabbed the hose from it and ran it along her fur probably because the cat would n't get out of the way .
you 'd never seen a cat so pleasantly surprised before .
she started rolling around loving every bit of this treatment .
she never warmed up to seeing the vacuum but you could sneak up on her and she seemed to appreciate that .
do you know where i can read the fan translated ones ?
there 's enough material on reddit alone to get versed enough to attempt it !
i think you should attempt isolating a strain from here bro you got this !
businesses should have been allowed to operate in a manner that would 've saved the economy .
he 's great when he 's the number two option hence why he will be great in brooklyn
it 's doable every single game regardless of circle outside of solos .
ask her how would we know how much cuteness she needs out of a show ?
i remember there being a ton of penalties under chip kelly but most drives ended in points .
now it seems like it 's more and more game changing penalties .
one thing that really pisses me off about this election is that trump was potus for the past 4 years .
it was his responsibility to secure elections and make any changes to election laws he wanted .
yet he and his gang of idiots blame democrats for his own short-sightedness .
i personally have no issues with mail in ballots and i realize he did n't see the pandemic coming but still !
if so what brand do you primarily identify with ?
and there are a couple of worlds that would be good with crossovers with akame ga kill such as rwby hunter x hunter pokemon tekken naruto one piece and fate stay night .
i do not think power and resources would be shared equally under a patriarchy .
why is there an assumption it would be a classless society for men .
sa is a patriarchy and they have a royal family .
because me so smart than stupid mit and stanny ao 's that i outsmart them ! !
honestly i think i 'd rather be pulled to the side and told that with as many people as were on her list and with being the first christmas in the family i just slipped through the cracks and she 'd find me something in the next week or so .
someone posted their new expensive collection the other day and i could n't have cared less .
i know i 'm old and cranky and all that but boom bap speaks to my 5 elements soul .
you have until 12/06 10:47 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20201207t034758 .
u/petralikesbaseball reply with pat or two point and your number .
the clock has stopped datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.conversion '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' k5b9i3 ''
that 's like watching a pizza ad on tv .
assuming you 're able to afford both childcare and a maid then no nta .
if you think 400/month is n't that much money then you 're either fine or clueless .
a lot of families have a stay at home parent for a few years for this very reason .
we have to contact media to put the pressure on .
ucsd only cares what we have to say once they 're public image starts to get damaged
this can also happen if you have a pre-owned xbox and the person who had it before you has ultimate/gold and still has that xbox labeled as their primary console
all of my compulsions seem to stem from a feeling of uneasiness or incompleteness not preventing a fear .
i 've always been under the impression that ocd is avoiding harm but i 'm also not a psychologist by any means .
when my therapist brought up the idea of ocd it was really out of the blue it had been something she picked up on after a few months of sessions and then decided to tell me unprompted .
i told her i felt like she was wrong because i 've never seen anyone describe ocd in a ways that 's like i have to do x because if i do n't then i 'll feel like y it 's always i have to do x or else y will happen.
that 's a big accomplishment and you should be proud of yourself .
the other day i stubbed my toe and tried to refrain from stubbing the other one and it was hard .
i repeated to myself i 'm comfortable being uncomfortable which is something my therapist recommended .
it was hard but i resisted the urge and it felt like an accomplishment to me .
a lot of people do n't understand how hard it is to fight urges like that but i want to let you know that i 'm proud of you
he specifically mentioned not being able to afford glasses that were invisible on the carpet .
i offered a tongue in cheek solution to both problems .
maybe you read a different post than i did .
just skeptical about how fast certain things evolve and for what reasons .
i have a hard time mentally visualizing such a long history of primate evolution like 100s of millions of years and also such a short time of advancement maybe 12,000 years-ish ?
i am looking for an smp to play on like the hermitcraft smp were i ca n't get stuff stolen from me all the time and get spam killed and with people who just arent toxic .
dm me on discord if you have an ip .
how do quinn 's exams compare to those of the other professors for 264 ?
additionally with regards to the homeworks are there ample office hours where you can ask questions and get help or are you just kind of thrown to the wolves so to speak ?
i have 270 20002 and 20008 next semester so not looking to have to spend an exorbitant amount of time on programming if not necessary .
just defeated vah ruta but have no idea what to do now .
i was thinking i was meant to finish the captured memories '' quest but not sure .
i 'm such a wuss that it 's been a year since i got breath of the wild and just now defeated vah ruta so just take note on that haha !
i 'd like some ideas for homemade decorations for the festive season so i will give a coin gift 250 coins to you !
show me your own creation with a bit of an explanation of how easy or hard it was to do .
bonus points if you make it especilaly for this challenge and put your username in the photo .
i will award the best entry in around 24 hours have fun !
i know this question was asked but the answers i found are super old and i just purchased my first digital game i was physical copy only up until now .
we have 2 xbox one s consoles in our house .
the only one i play on is in my office and we have a family one the kids use in the living room .
we are already set up as a family so we share the gold account .
i am signed into the living room xbox one s just as an approver but i never play on it .
i downloaded cod black ops cold war on my office xbox one s and my son is super interested in playing with me .
can i download the same digital game on the living room xbox one s and play together at the same time using 1 digital copy under our own profiles and gamertags ?
also if i can pull this off i think i need to make the living room xbox one s my home xbox .
my profile is there but i never use that one .
users may access or install xbox one and xbox series digital games on any reasonable number of xbox one or xbox series consoles including a home console or roaming consoles the user is signed into .
games can only be played on one console at a time .
however when playing on a roaming console play on the home console is available if a different user is logged in to the home console . ''
my husband attacked me in his sleep last night .
i was screaming bloody murder i thought he was going to kill me .
he had my arm in his deathly grip and would n't let go .
he finally snapped out of it and said he could vividly see someone on top of me attacking me and he was trying to get them off me .
i could n't sleep the rest of the night and i lost my voice from screaming so loud .
whenever i make a post on any adopt me reddit they say i 'm over which i understand but just listen .
if you are happy with the trade it is a good trade .
thats it if you like it then you like it .
as long if you were happy with the trade thats all that matters .
fapping is the most addictive thing on the planet and our sexual desires are our strongest .
most people do n't even attempt to break this addiction .
the fact you 're even trying is a good sign .
take pride in your streaks even if they are just one or two days long .
do n't feel like you 're not good enough because you 're not at 30 60 or 90 days yet .
hey all does anyone know of a character editor where you can set your character 's level and/or days gone before starting ?
i lost my save file for a 58 day character and i 'm a bit bummed out tbh .
this gentleman i use the term loosely comes to my till with his son this will be important later .
he has in his cart some discounted items that require me to physically type in the discount and the other half of his purchase was full price .
i tell cranky that i will do the discounted items first because they manually have to be done in the computer and it 's much easier for me .
he seems fine with it while my co-worker who was trying to be helpful at this point suggests that i split it into two transactions so that i can make it easier .
i ask cranky and he seems cool with it at this point so i go with it .
i ring him up with the non-sale items and everything goes fine .
i go to scan the items and some of the skus are faded or torn off these items do n't have barcodes on them directly and i have to figure out or manually type in the sku number .
while i was in the middle of doing this cranky takes one of his items and shuffles them around the other ones for some reason .
i internally sigh and count my items while cranky then complains to me me that he now has to pay double the sales tax huh ? .
i am starting to get vibes from cranky 's son as he looked anxious .
cranky then tells his son that i was slow and taking my time and i did n't know what i was doing blah blah blah .
i then apologize and then tell him that i am done ringing up the sales items like i said the items do n't have barcodes on them and have skus taped to them and it takes a little bit to get everything scanned it 's an inventory thing .
in fact a customer apologized to me for making things complicated when i had to manually type in the discounts for her stuff i told her it was no big deal and i dealt with it on a regular basis .
cranky then tells me to call a manager because he does n't trust me so i call over my supervisor who tells me that i should n't have split the transaction into two of them like my co-worker suggested but i was n't in trouble or anything though .
cranky tells her that he wanted everything to be on one transaction and changed his mind .
since he did n't pay in cash we could n't void the transaction and he 'd have to go to customer service to do that .
cranky sighs and my supervisor tells me to just give him a bigger discount on the already bare bones discount he was getting on the items .
immediately cranky shuts up and is more polite when i apply the bigger discount .
after he leaves my well-meaning co-worker told me how much of a jerk cranky was .
cw then tells me that he deliberately shuffled the items to throw me off which i kinda understood as i was scanning his items .
l bring this up later with my mom and we both conclude that he may have been trying to get a better deal on the sale items .
do n't lecture me on how subs are better .
not sure how to phrase this one but advice would be much appreciated .
my boyfriend and i have been together a little over a year .
i opened up to him during this time about being bi-curious i 've had a few relationships with girls in the past but i 'm not 100 on the label .
to start out with he took it great no issues .
the thing is he has the idea that same sex does n't count for a relationship and while i somewhat agree i feel like he 's taking it too far .
lately he 's started pressuring me to have girls over while he 's out to have a girlfriend the whole nine yards of it and honestly i 'm not comfortable with the idea at all .
while i do n't mind exploring another girlfriend/partner together i 'm not the kind of person to do anything behind someone 's back same sex or not and the pressure to always be so sexualised is getting to me .
it became a bit too much earlier today when we were coming back from a breakfast date i said i 'd be expecting something ‘fun ' tonight and his immediate response was to ask if a girl was coming over while he was out he 's not home until later tonight
him and i are great in every other aspect and i honestly ca n't entirely blame him for his expectations around me and my preferences given the way i 've seen lesbian/bi relationships being portrayed in the past and the horrible influence of certain adult media .
but how do i get him to see that constantly talking to me about sleeping with girls while he 's out is n't what being bi/questioning is and that it makes me feel horrible and almost dirty ?
guys i do n't feel prepared for the ptcb i 've tooken some practice test but i 'm always failing the medication part .
theirs questions like once open advir diskus once opened how long would it last or the strengths what drugs not to combine the doses limit and all also the patient safety and quality assurance part i 'm having trouble with 😓 does anyone recommend any books for the drugs ?
i honestly done even know no more what are the top 200 drugs i always get some different drugs on different sites .
first time poster long time lurker here i 'm an empath and every so often i 'll be in the grocery store or anywhere in public and make eye contact with someone sometimes i do n't even need eye contact and i 'll become overwhelmed with emotion even if i was fine before .
does anyone else have this issue or have suggestions on what to do about it ?
the other day it caused me to cry in the grocery store and i felt like a hole in my chest the rest of the day .
does anyone know how long it takes for a pokestop nomination to get reviewed ?
so i 'm not sure how this movie ended .
was noel apprehended at the end and was that errol speaking at the end ?
was that his wife killed or a random woman ?
this movie would switch from monotonous to captivating and i found myself rewinding often to see what i missed .
i 'm on the fence of whether it was amazing or awful .
with that said aidan bristow was pretty great as a sociopath and i did find myself generally uncomfortable everyt ime he was on the screen .
say you are forecasting a particular variable using daily data of a few other financial variables using rolling regression .
using multiple regression for such noisy financial data where multicollinearity itself changes over time is sure to be overfitted .
is the best way to overcome this is by using an ensemble model ?
some kind of average '' of the univariate regression forecasts from each factor ?
i have seen all of the big three and read ther manga and still ca n't decide .
star trek the next generation full series https www.reddit.com/r/startrekviewingparty/wiki/tngepisodes wiki_star_trek.3a_the_next_generation
captain archer must convince vulcans tellarites and andorians to unite to find the romulan ship .
teleplay by manny coto https memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/manny_coto manny coto '' and judith https memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/judith_reeves-stevens judith reeves-stevens '' garfield reeves-stevens https memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/garfield_reeves-stevens garfield reeves-stevens ''
story by manny coto https memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/manny_coto manny coto '' and judith https memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/judith_reeves-stevens judith reeves-stevens '' garfield reeves-stevens https memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/garfield_reeves-stevens garfield reeves-stevens ''
come join and and vibe at the lobby play games and the arcade booth
bet on the casino and have have a 5 star high class experience here .
this is the 107820th time i made this shitty comment .
is it possible to be allocated 5 ue courses at one go ?
i have a drift event in two days and i 've just blown something on my series 1 .
i had originally wired up a switch to manually activate the cooling fan2 relay .
it worked great but still is n't enough for lap after lap hour after hour .
also for reference i have an aftermarket all alloy two core thicker radiator and some twin 12 '' spal fans .
the fans are monsters and make the oem ones seems like computer fans .
but it has never been an issue on mode fan2 which only spins one of the fans at full power with the other completely off .
i assumed fan3 would run both at full power and should net me a nice cooling improvement .
so today i went and moved the wire i soldered onto the fan2 relay and resoldered it onto what i thought was the equivalent pin of the fan3 relay .
i then went to test it turned the key to on without starting the engine i hear the fuel pump prime and all the usual pre start sounds .
i then flipped my manual fan switch and click '' a relay clicked and then all the normal pre-start sounds stopped .
i thought i must have blown the 40a fan fuse but nope it 's fine and has continuity .
even tried a 60a fuse just to be sure .
the dash lights up and a key icon light flashes quickly i think that 's new but the fuel pump does n't prime anymore and when i try to start the engine all i get an a single relay click and nothing else .
i 've checked all the big fuses and any small fuse that seemed slightly relevant .
and this event has been the only thing i 've been looking forward to for a long time .
replaced it and undid what i 'd done to the fan3 relay now all is back to normal .
so now i have my previously installed fan2 switch still wired into the cabin for easy use .
and now also another switch under the hood for fan1 .
so now i 'll be able to warm up the car pop the hood and turn on fan1 which should be fine at all times where i live hot and then when really ringing the cars neck i can flip fan2 from inside the cabin to give me absolute max cooling .
greetings has an art book been released for any of the dragon quest games or the series as a whole ?
i 'm not interested in imports or guide books and i 'm familiar with ‘dragon quest illustrations . '
it just seems lazy at this point there is n't an option .
they can do it for ranked they can do it for casual .
why it was ever this way i do n't know .
i do n't want to play the same team 10 times in a row .
especially when it is clear they are way better .
tap the link to sign up and get up to 30 off .
tap the link to sign up and get up to 30 off .
i love showing off on my story and making new nsfw friends .
showing off and being watched turns me on so much and i just ca n't escape it .
did n't actually do anything today i just relaxed myself and did some house chores .
also i played gta 5 with my friends so it was fun .
máy lọc nước kangen việt nam có nhiều phiên bản với giá thành khác nhau .
sản phẩm giá cao bao giờ cũng được trang bị tính năng lọc hiện đại và hoàn hảo hơn .
do đó bạn cần cân nhắc mục đích sử dụng để lựa chọn sản phẩm phù hợp .
dưới đây là các dòng máy lọc nước kangen .
i 'm currently installing tnt 's adobe illustrator 2020 v24.0.2 in my mbp 2017 .
there 's an error after getting stuck to 5 that says we are unable to install illustrator 2020 by tnt this time .
i closed all my adobe services running in my activity monitor .
the only way i have been able to successfully ap is if i wake up take my adhd meds adderoll and go back to sleep .
i do n't have to try or focus with this method at all ... it started with me doing it on accident .
i fall back to sleep before the med actually kicks in when it kicks in i awake astrally but its not quite strong enough to wake up my physical body .
down side is i have n't learned how to control where i go or what i see ... i just end up somewhere ive been before with people around i 've never seen usually invisible to others except for a few children i know have seen me .
ive been trying to attainap by other methods and to gain more focus and control .
like seriously i love it when my hair is is wet it 's fun to play with when it 's long idk about anyone else but i like my hair better when it 's wet
so for the past two weeks we 've had debates coming out our arse about the tac and burst rifle and how over powering it is .
i use to be a fan of these weapons but after playing the entire weekend with the variable i actually do hate it now .
95 of the lobbies were riddled with covert tac and burst users .
bastards pop out from nowhere and cowardly down you .
and fuck me the spread of the tac is so unbalanced .
i did however get one back on these bastards by shivving the shit out of them with bomb and explosion expert .
the tac burst shorty and covert has got to go .
anyone else 's friends or family members have a chemotherapy port ?
my mum had one placed in her chest today .
i 'm really hoping her body accepts it and it does n't get infected .
can anybody spare time to help me get pwwt in 5 ?
i was before and died in body form so should only be 1 or 2 kills .
the team member of moondefi has built a strong community with great potential to help us achieve the best possible success and good luck to the team nice project and good team efforts to reach the top and having great experience with the most stronger project i have ever seen and having great experience with the most stronger project http moondefi.org http moondefi.org
i 'll send out invites soon as i get enough people so be patient and be ready .
5 people are enough to do the raid so do n't leave the lobby please .
if 4 or less people at 15 seconds leave and i 'll reinvite
would you be thinking it already if you went years with a failed sex life because you were married to someone with it ?
what if he asked you if you 'd be interested in it ?
yes my ed is incurable and i 'd like to know how many women would deeply consider it if there was no hope for me being able to have a normal sex life .
further edited strings '' posts may be removed if you all ca n't come up with more original content .
is anyone planning to be in tahoe this weekend ?
yosemite is closing at 5pm where i was originally planning to do a timelapse for the meteor shower .
if there are any alternative places to shoot on dec 12-15 let me know !
wavetable is basically the only soft synth i use but i hate using a mouse for sound design .
or is everyone just gon na tell me to get push ?
blend and build to your heart 's content with faces canada blush https www.facescanada.com/collections/blush .
easy-to-apply with a silky smooth texture that feels super light and lasts long .
a dermatologically tested blush which extends excellent shading and the light shimmering color renders the cheeks with a natural-looking glow .
hi i 'm new to reddit and just wondering is there a page or instagram or twitter or anything in social media that shows joji outfits ?
i 'm a big fan of joji and want to copy his outfits .
i lasted about an hour and a half before i could n't resist anymore and finally let my self go .
i know compared to some of you thats not much but thats pretty long for me .
my balls started hurting a ways into it but not to badly is that something i should watch out for ?
when i finally let my self go it was one of the most intense best orgasms i ever had i shot cum all over my shirt and stomach .
yes you can hold down r then press x .
if you were only tapping r then that must have been the problem .
i re used of the sounds and tried to pitch them different but i think it would definitely benefit from some eq .
i 'm using stock ableton eq and i feel like i get caught in a loop from my music production days and could benefit from a new workflow
ahh ur gon na have me missin home now !
he could also be a prince and or duke .
unless their parents choose not to use the princely titles then they 'd have another title like viscount or the honorable
you 're welcome and cheers the blog theme is from https www.andersnoren.se/teman always enjoyed his wp themes .
when i was a straight noobie diving into classic questie was the thing everyone told me to install first classic questing is kinda archiac in the fact you need to actually read everything to make sure youre going in the right direction .
playing like that is cool but personally it gets old fast especially when you just wan na know where to go next after out levelling the area
another nice thing to do to get an idea is watch some videos on your class or just levelling guides just something nice to do its by no means needed if you just wan na play casually
but even having just that little extra knowledge on your class and what is good with it could help with levelling a lot especially since classic is a lot more ...
punishing than retail just in the fact that early levels you pull 2 mobs youre most likely gon na die retails a lot more forgiving in that aspect as 2v1ing mobs isnt really even a challenge .
i am not vegeterian but i do n't really like the taste of meat .
instead i tried eggs two in the morning and nothing happens i feel like i can go for 5 more of them .
on the vegetables part i can eat nearly anything but nothing happens still .
i thought about boredom eating but it is genuine hunger .
i can eat nearly anything like there is no craving for anything special .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm sure they 'll name a square in moscow after him and cummings anyway .
would n't it be easier to just buy the car you want in the colour you want ?
it 's most scary when the brain is filled with anger .
that 's why i have seen this quote many times too angry to die ''
i remember reading a long time ago that tim duncan was a huge proponent behind this and forced all of the rookies to go through financial management classes to learn how to manage their money appropriately .
with a tenure like his i imagine he had a lot of former team mates who did n't make it past their initial rookie contract and ended up even more broke then when they started in the league .
14 million dollars in career earnings and he was on video begging on the street corner for money to buy alcohol and drugs .
at about 65-70 grand a year you 'd be taking home 50k in lower cost of living areas .
that 's be 20 years to make a million dollars in cash with what is considered a higher than average salary .
this guy blew through let 's say conservatively 7 to 8 million dollars in cash factoring in huge taxes and houses and cars in just a few years after leaving the league .
it 's insane to see that people can go broke with money that could last other people 2 to 3 lifetimes of living very comfortably .
well electronic nodes was activated when i took the screen ' ...
noted for the gradient i 'll make it flat !
1021 preserved rat corpse in a jar 4 3 legendary curse
1027 totally legal fourth of july fireworks 4 12 legendary lawful
1028 slice of cake kotds second birthday 2 2 legendary
you are right as to how it could have been handled better in the post match press conference/interview .
but partey was naive to just walk to the sideline he should have sat down or lied down etc .
imagine what simeone would have done if partey just walked off the field due to injury before play stopped .
deeming it as the hardest to combo most def .
when i saw last week it will be coming to ranked i was like ok brace yourself here we go again .
the skills and techniques built up the past months will be put to a true test now .
i just got a full frontal 3rd degree burn from looking at this one .
this phrase belongs to us politics and does n't really make sense anywhere else .
i installed it and did the highly recommended setting after it was finished it froze im restarting it now
like i said we are not suppose to like them because they are bad '' .
i am not saying that you or anybody ca n't like them .
also ted bundy was a serial killer and tons of people claimed that he was a charismatic person too .
we did n't bomb the military headquarters— we leveled two entire cities .
if we wanted just to aim for their military we would not have used two nuclear bombs .
but we decided that a swift victory was worth the hundreds of thousands of innocent lives .
it 's an aggressively nationalist strategy and it 's why we 're still killing civilians with drone strikes today .
sorry rules are rules however i 've taken action against him .
we mods do have a history to go through all the reports so there 's no need to post this if it does concern you please ignore it and send us a modmail and we will take actions from there .
these are the little racist bigoted shitstains not fps players in general
just know that in lore somehow the wood elves lost that battle .
constellations being too good feels bad for people who ca n't get them which is 99.99 of players .
i love childe but i ca n't deny that his constellations 2 4 and 6 are juicy af .
why should he leave for free when everyone else keeps milking the club for a wage ?
they can sack him whenever they like hes not got their hands tied .
the celtic board have once again put finances in this case probably not much more than £1m over on the field success by refusing to sack him .
hey please check out the dealership experience for the korean manufacturers .
ah thats fine just commit some tax fraud assault some women and they 'll love you !
the conspiracy theory is that covid-19 is being used as an excuse to push ahead with the great reset or even was created to achieve it .
i 'm talking about how this is clearly a fake story
such a design is usually limited to smaller industrial or shunting types nowadays but germany used to actually have a few high-speed passenger locomotives of that type .
similarly higher-speed mainline dmus in india were often like that as well .
i was going to say they 're very very sweet but any time i taste it i know i 've fucked up .
if it aint broke dont fiddle with it '' ok now beast boy from teen titans isnt technically my family but here me out its good advice right ?
i 'm not even playing a game it was just shutting off but now i realize that if your not doing anything on it like you leave it alone and do n't touch it it shuts off .
the quality and the loading time is nice though .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ich_iel if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've never queued for health care and the uk 's health care is routinely been ranked a world leader .
purely anecdotal but in the coquitlam area there were middle schools .
over where i live now there are n't however .
atc some jobs have 1 life on the line they have hundreds every 30 seconds of every workday .
the joke is that you give your opponent white stuff .
it 's a little worse than daze but i think that 's fair considering it 's a color pie break .
furthermore a worse daze is still a good card .
unpopular opinion season 5 is not the best season to show someone to convince them to watch the show .
even though it 's iconique the second episode the lipsync over untucked challenge is not made for people who are not fans of the show which can be unsettling for newcomers and they can easily stop watching because of that happened to me several times .
do n't worry i have another just to make it even worse
she 's honestly one of the worst professors at ucsd .
i asked her for an alternative midterm because of unseen circumstances that interfered with my ability to take the midterm on the assigned date and she agreed since other students also asked for the same accomodations .
tell me why she sent an email the next day after the midterm saying she 's not giving out alternative midterms ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
so i missed the first midterm and now i 'm failing the class .
and aside from that she does n't even teach .
like she expects her lectures to supplement the textbook when it should literally be the other way around .
what is the fucking point of us paying all this tuition money if we 're just going to have to teach ourselves ? ? ?
i hope she fucking gets fired and you already know i went off on the capes review
i have played on his computer when i had no internet in my house so i understand it still runs minecraft at 60fps 8 chunks so its good
bro not even in the hood this mf in the wasteland
it 's quite a new style of therapy for developmental trauma it seems brilliant from what i 've found/read so far .
there 's not loads available on it but there 's a good book and podcast https narmtraining.com
saying shit like my good friend biden '' and biden can beat trump '' was just dumb as hell .
or do you think that killers are just too strong ?
im asking because this post makes me think one of two things both steming from the same general problem or problems .
do you think that you should have a 100 chance to win every game ?
do you think that the killer is too powerful ?
the last one is pretty heavily insinuated in the post so i 'll give it my take first .
the killers objective is to kill the survivors and keep them from escaping the trial this is common knowledge .
every killer has counterplay but some are harder to play as and against .
spirit is generally a difficult killer to play as like nurse and hag and ranks highly with them .
i think killers having built in counters as extreme as hag trapper and wraith ard nkt good for the game especially in the areas of lower teir killers .
the ability to sabotage trappers traps and see them with items makes him less fun and more difficult to play .
the ability to lightburn wraith is ridiculous he is already in the lower tiers this is just insult to injury .
hag is a little bit of a different case .
flashlights are capable of finding and disabling her traps and when multiple are in a game you can be stuck as essential a powerless killer which is not okay .
but it does require more coordination and she is a higher tier killer so i can tolerate an argument here .
now on the other topic you are not supposed to win every game .
in a perfect world where the killer plays perfectly and all four survivors play perfectly each party would win 50 of the time .
it isnt a perfect world but the message still carries as a survivor you have four people who can make mistakes and throw the game .
to be balanced the game will feel killer sided but that is the nature of asymmetrical games .
survivors need 4 players at the same level to play well together .
im not exactly sure what i 'm going on about anymore or why but i think i 'll wrap it up with what i think is causing you to be upset .
i think you play survivor and are upset that you keep losing to the killer .
i think that you keep seeing these new killers with new powers and are thinking why dont survivors get anything new .
thats not fair '' and i think that you have built up a feeling of opposition from the killer role .
i could be completely wrong i 'm not gon na lie but even so i think you should try playing some killer games .
i recomend getting on between 8 or 10 for a really good queue at leat where i am and trying to play like you want the killers you play against to play .
try the otger role to give the survivors akiller that understands their side and sets an example for other killers .
i do not know this situation this is just my thoughts on a post
i am not a genius or a professional at this game
i am unhappy with the toxic environment in this game
thats my ridiculously long comment concluded goodnight and i hope your games get better
i am not too experienced with the most recent update
do n't worry pal the magnetic tape is and will be still used to safeguard sensitive information by the top companies .
contrary to what the meme says it is much safer and long lifespan than any modern one
he is incredibly intimidating and badass when he wants to be .
pewdiepie wont hold a candle to him dont even compare them this guy will be the greatest
is there an eta of when orders are going out ?
read between the lines not just literally it 's obvious op is offering something in return .
up at the player icons dahlia is saluting you for not just leaving right away
lehetett volna a nyári hétvégi pesti rakpartról is egy negyedik snitt .
i 've said it before i 'll say it again you 're doing the lord 's work ☞ﾟヮﾟ ☞
he still has a next gen console and you do n't though 🤷🏻‍♂️
i love left 4 dead but most of the community that still play this is unbeatable terminators playing like they have script and not being able to social contact
well in between the war on terror the israel-palestine conflict the arab spring and various other events i ai n't taking a side here for the politcal trolls among you i 'm only stated they happened/are happening it 's safe to say that it 's complicated to talk about the situation .
i only said that the beckoning is a smart move because it
removes ridiculously strong players from the field allowing the players to actually do something as opposed to running around the city trying to outgambit undead gods .
destabilized the camarilla creating a massive power vacuum and a subsequent struggle to keep things going .
isolates cities as the global power structure of the camarilla basically crumbles to dust .
u just send a missile to a station and i just cant dock any more than the original module that send with my station
i want to suck it until it 's really hard then take it in my ass
more like walk down it smells like week old f-shack from dirty mike and the boyz ... gtfo of there
i never understand the purpose of the hi speed button .
this type if thing is what confessions are really for .
here are a few tips to minimize your risks when trading in sw/sh and lgpe
if you receive an offer by pm or reddit chat message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fpokemontrades and redirect the other user to post publicly on the subreddit .
pm dm and chat trading is prohibited by rule 4 https wk.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules wiki_rule_4_-_do_not_discuss_trades_privately .
since another random player can coincidentally use the same trade code that you and your trading partner are using it is important that you double check that you have paired with with the correct trader .
full details https wk.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules must be posted when offering any shiny and/or event pokémon .
you must have been granted poké ball https i.imgur.com/xgahexa.png level flair or higher 10 or more approved trades on flairhq to make trades involving shiny or event pokémon .
in addition once you 're done trading in this thread you can mark your thread as closed by commenting close as a top-level reply to your post to update the flair and let others know you 're not looking for further trades .
this is completely optional and you do n't have to do it if you 'd like others to continue to offer trades in this thread !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
having to deal with the consequences of my actions is an affront against my freedom .
ca n't the meaning of life be to do what 's best for the human species as a whole and not what makes the most copies of your dna for 1 generation ?
i understand spoilers for visual scenes but this now does n't really need a spoiler tag .
the only thing that gave awat that zeke 's titan was even cgi was the lack of hair movement after throwing .
i am sure creature seizure will go to 1 or become banned with crystrons this card is better than forbidden snatch steal and change of heart bec it does n't target and is permanent .
but for now let 's just abuse it d we have good reason after this massacre vs crystrons .
smiger is almost worthless without impact and i am about to replace it permanently for rosenix as it works better with quan and makes 3xcreature seizure consistent and op .
creature seizure techs just perfectly into crystrons as they naturally have a hard time beating over strong non-targetable monsters like sabre dancer and azure eyes without impact .
edit creature seizure devastates at least many decks in this meta that sit on one big or non-targetable or floatable monster like be lunalights ritual beasts desperado wc dragunity noble nuts even crystrons .
my point is that mayoral candidates should be put to the question how corruptible are they ?
they are bound to encounter enticing offers just because that is how the office of the mayor has historically worked .
it 's a paper bag full of money to the right lawyer kind of town always has been .
to break that cycle people have to ask that question first and then dive into policy decisions .
it 's just a pre-emptive way of holding whoever is in the office accountable .
i honestly think that post trump many more voters are willing to use their scrutiny to prevent getting totally fucked by governmental leaders .
i do n't think it was entirely unus annus i think it 's just him stepping out of the 'reaction videos ' content and stepping back into gaming
i think part of it is the phenomenon where people need to have some unique or fringe thing to say so that they feel relevant .
the ending scene of this episode pissed me off so much .
visually it 's a nice scene the girls look beautiful in their dresses and the church is so pretty .
but when carrie goes to stand with the girls to have the photo taken and she 's doing the voice-over of 'it 's hard to find people who will love you no matter what .
i was lucky to find 3 of them ' .
that little speech would work if a guy dumped you for something you are not something terrible that you chose to do repeatedly !
unconditional love does n't mean that you can treat someone badly .
this is an example as well as the 'i had always assumed the one who would be hurt would be me ' line from the running with scissors episode after natasha caught her and fell down the stairs of carrie framing herself as some kind of victim in all of this .
you 're universal you still going to buy their phone .
charger or not probably hence the backlash for not including it .
if you all just voted with your wallet and said no charger ?
and to a point it 's their design their product not yours .
they should be able to do as they please .
you can do as you please and make a better phone option .
flip the ownership of the problem if you made a product and wanted to sell it on the basis of your ideologies would you think anyone should tell you different ?
most people would tell you if you were n't apple or megacorp to just do as you please and fail .
market forces would people should see the problem and not support it .
all i see here is apple having to backtrack a little with an additional box they 're going to hand you that you 're in the end paying for anyways .
they 're not going to include it in the price they were planning sans charger you 're not getting it for free .
and now you 're going to pay for an expensive apple charger without the choice of a third party market answering the demand .
i side with the premise that apple wants to cut down on waste but i also agree that this is a terribly thought out avenue to get there .
still though a law to say they need to do this when they do not have a monopoly or great share of the market just a great share in fomo people have for their hardware and marketing .
on that td the only thing i can think of is that that punt was supposed to go right and it went left otherwise the guys running down made a huge mistake
the one last week we had 4 guys in one lane so i tend to think its the coverage unit .
how is this in any way a clever comeback ?
doorlogs just because the impostor can avoid tripping them if they are smart admin is more useful generally .
but ... but m'dkayed told us konami listens to him .
how did i miss this post lmao we need some more jerking here
my group did all the mythics right after hitting sixty well after sleeping at ilvl 140 and it was fine .
that being said groups are n't looking for people who should be able to get through it '' .
they 're looking for the most geared people they can find in 5min or so which probably means you 're competing for a spot with people 170-180 .
unfortunately you 'll have a pretty hard time getting invited under 170 right now .
you were so close to popping that 2nd dude when he jumped down for the res .
that would have taken this already awesome clip to fucking legendary .
looks like spr w mono 26 '' barrel solozero sniper optic norma mags .
i always run those 4 with tac laser but i 've thought about running focus too .
yes but that has nothing to do with the main got storyline and even in legends it 's presented just as casually as the mongols i 'd say .
sorry i did n't know that would count as a spoiler
i am not even able to claim reward when i try to link konami id and points .
yes you could get reduced housing if you are struggling and have kids but the wait list is years long .
my brother-in-law is waiting to get housing and even though he has a child its been months since he heard from them .
have you had your stomach and esophagus thoroughly tested and treated by a stomach doctor ?
my nausea is related to my gerd and my sliding hiatal hernia .
it is far worse in the morning after laying down all night .
also coffee and soda will really make it act up .
but i highly doubt my software wo n't be able to reach that amount in such a short time .
you said i 'm gon na disagree on this one '' .
that you ca n't get 25 to 30 stops done by picking your stops ?
that 's probably the reason why a lot of dots or most of em are divisible by 3 do n't quote me on this just my observations
this is a point i 'm trying to get across we 're being morally lectured by millionaires who could n't give less of a fuck but if it makes them look good they 'll support it
another ex-benadryl addict here ... yeah do n't do benadryl .
it 's a slippery slope and my last experience ended in me having a week long psychotic break .
they 're highly dangerous and permanently harmful to the brain .
you will cause damage that you wo n't ever be able to fix .
jesus if you want to have a meaningful experience use some lsd or shrooms or a less harmful psychedelic .
you can enjoy the experience a lot and still learn a ton from it i do n't fuck around with anything else anymore .
this is just my input you can do what you want to i just hope that you can learn from my mistakes and just not do benadryl ... thank you for reading my comment lol
the one back from waterloo with mandatory m s belgian lager '' .
trump supporters are also ok with a border wall that has an estimated cost of 15-25 billion to taxpayers that 's been shown to be ineffective .
we could n't put that 15 25 billion into healthcare ?
a problem that could be solved by government intervention but is n't .
maybe put a ban in 10 years plan in place as well .
then that forces them to think about alternative distribution plans .
i just reopened to try and do it again .
they were all in there some 2 and 3 copies of them .
not sure what it was but i am good now .
i 'm not denying that hobbyists could throw something together which functions similarly i probably could myself given enough time but not a weapon that would be suitable for real world military use .
i added you got discord or any voice to que at the same time ?
if they get a gun out it 's game on .
it has something to do with george floyd and similar .
i used a ton of hand sanitizer and toilet paper before everyone else did .
i have ocd and ibs so my typical week i purchases several jugs of hand sanitizer and like 2-24 packs of toilet paper .
when the covid struck everyone accused me of hoarding and im like dude i have receipts this is a normal week for me .
the release timing was perfect too no sports everyone home from covid .
it became appointment television in a time where that 's rare
i 'm not really sure why kobe or pau are relevant to this discussion .
i do agree that pierce played the best in the finals .
i do n't think that makes him the better player on the team .
over the larger sample size kg played better including when you just look at the playoffs that year as a whole where he excelled across the board .
i do n't think the fmvp was undeserved but just the same i do n't think that accolade makes pierce the best over the year .
now more interestingly what exactly is your issue with clutch stats '' ?
do you think that the time designation is arbitrary or that not every clutch moment '' is created equally ?
you did n't actually explain why they are unrespected and ignored gibberish '' .
they tend to be skittish and most would rather avoid human contact .
leopards do n't have the same social hangups as mountain lions and will happily sneak into populated areas in search of prey .
i just looked there 've been more leopard attacks in india over the past month than mountain lion attacks in their entire range over probably the last 5 years .
i 'm assuming you 're not from here or from a border town i am but it 'd have a massive effect on commerce travel work schools healthcare .
ambulances and fire services are shared around the border and the vast majority of the roads are single carriageways and unless they invest a significant sum of money into atleast some of the main crossing points there 's dozens of them any sort of hold up will have a massive knock on effect since our infrastructure is absolute dogshit especially ni .
where i 'm from was in turmoil during foot mouth .
people travel across it and treat it the same way you 'd treat walking into manchester from salford the idea of having a permit to walk across a line which means nothing to us is ridiculous and is a denial of our rights to travel around the island as a single country .
i 'm not going to say that the paramilitaries are going to start blowing the place up again because i think it 's an easy way out for the english to avoid thinking and addressing about the real social problems that exist here and that 's its easier to say that we 're savages that will fight each other without parental supervision .
it 's insulting to the vast majority of people that live here and towards the people who struggled for peace .
but i know many who will flat out refuse to acknowledge any sort of border as legitimate and any automated camera scanner smart border system wo n't last long .
thank you for sharing this picture he looks so happy and peaceful .
i 'm sure you made his last few years wonderful
hasan vs the guy she told him not to worry about
they do n't send cards automatically but yes you can request one
edit i think those cards are for when you contact someone on the iss not just someone through the iss .
you made me laugh like an idiot in the middle of my team .
tell them the things you 've done and they 'll be able to judge for themselves .
that 's not really a distinction we can give ourselves unfortunately .
i mean yeah in a perfect world but it 's hard enough to get people to play non-powered cubes in the first place and many players are reasonably suspicious of random custom cards
oh my i 'm sorry you had to go through that .
i 'm hoping you 're out of those living conditions now ?
hugo boss did not design the uniforms they were just contracted to manufacture them however hugo boss himself was a devout member of the nazi party
i know i get shitty sleep but this just confirmed it
been bowling with mine of of late due to covid restrictions..
umpires are n't allowed to touch them and it 's a 5 run penality if ball hits it i thought it was a dead ball so i put it on backwards .
try to get some sleep and text him a good morning sometime between 9 to 10 am .
i 've been seeing this advertised a lot at work i work for intel .
are you the same person that did the show at the ocotillo campus ?
either way he got his rebuttal by looking at porn .
haha sorry about my mess of a post i think what i was really trying to get at is is it worth it ? ''
or do you regret anything about your application process ? ''
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo
i was a 6-1 adc with with like 150 cs and i had the same number of items as the 1/4 support .
please do n't i am begging you do n't let those teeth anywhere near your nipples if you want to keep them for the foreseeable future
at least let the events of tomorrow unfold before you 're upset about it .
he said he would take care of it maybe he has something special planned for the evening .
at least brown seems to be in a good spot .
it 's okay i 'll share w my boyfie who loves your bunnies as much as i do .
they mean as a definite article before a noun beginning with a stressed 'a ' .
in your example la is being used as a direct object pronoun before a verb .
why do n't you ever compete in anything at all then get back to me
apparently people do n't want free packs while fighting for free stuff .
haha ya it 's old af we are waiting for it to die to upgrade it problem is it has n't died
always someone with features considered naturally beautiful '' like blue eyes or something spouting this you do n't need makeup '' bullshit .
one of the largest sailing ships ever commissioned in the royal navy larger than hms victory was on the great lakes in the war of 1812 .
not that building a tug in the los santos reservoir is particularly analogous or even remotely logical but there 's more absurd stuff in the game already .
this black library preview has most or all we know i believe https www.warhammer-community.com/2020/12/05/the-warhammer-preview-online-black-library utm_source=facebook utm_medium=facebook utm_campaign=wtv utm_content=wtvpreviewventris05dec20
yeah i 'm pretty sure its too late for the first airdrop they 're were doing .
there might be another one eventually but i 'm not positive .
mine did n't truly backfire but it was a costly success .
i was playing as spoleto in 867 as a roman the last eagle bearer and was eventually able to form romagna now nova roma and retake rome from the pope .
at this point i swear fealty to the byzantines so i could start chewing on illyricum and claim all of sicily .
i also manage to marry my grandson to the byzantine emperor 's granddaughter
some stuff happens between then and the next bit that is n't super important i fully remove the pope from italy and take the duchy of tunisia now carthage .
but i die from plague and start playing as the child married to the byzantine heiress .
i murdered 6 byzantine heirs to get my wife on the throne .
which immediately started a massive orthodox populist civil war even though she was orthodox that involved the whole nation .
the two factions were most of the empire vs. the empress venice bulgaria and nova roma .
the hostile vassals had a much larger stack and were able to bully the disparate allies for years almost leading to victory .
the war dragged on for almost 15 years before the vassal armies started facing supply issues the empress was able to regain control of war goals and roman steel cut down thousands of malnourished rebels .
i can only think of how much spare piety and gold i would have had if i did n't have to constantly beg the patriarch for cash to pay mercenaries .
but controlling most of italy allowed my army to be about as strong as the byzantines pre-war .
if i were in a weaker position there is 0 chance i save my wife throne
im calling sony tomorrow hopefully they can fix the issue
most people see you drivers only during the race weekends .
however your job is a lot more than just driving .
what part of your job not during race weekends do you spend most time on ?
what did they do to the sumerians 5000 years ago ?
some small thing or big if they arent trying to hide that they do that can tip you off .
for example i once dated someone who would lick their teeth without opening their mouth when they had a need '' .
alternatively some women will lightly grind/rub their legs together if the need is strong enough .
yo what ive seen these guys in a lobby of mine once what
i looked through it briefly where does it show the 20 dismissal rate ?
this is going to get downvoted all the way to hell but my advice is ditch the religious garbage .
it 's all a long running game of make believe .
if your parents are shit you can do your best to love them despite their flaws and forgive them or you can say fuck em and walk away .
you do n't have to honor shitty parents just because the goat herder 's guide to the galaxy says to .
idk that 's tough i do n't know much about that board .
for something newer and unused meepo mini 2 https www.amazon.com/dp/b08gjr3t43/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_glc_fabc_dxczfb94en478 is on amazon right now so you 'd be able to return it pretty easy i think if you did n't like it .
honestly their animation their coloring and the others are fking good but their cgi is just ... .ai n't it i guess
and this is way too much venom for a casual joke about juan .
i do n't care about diamonds i care about the fact that this man has never acknowledged his cheating properly .
i wish i could trust my cats in the front garden but they 'd surely bolt .
my husband actually got a cat stroller recently to take our kitten on walks and get more exercise in a silly way i 'd love to see the look on the mail carrier 's face if he saw a guy pushing a cat in a stroller .
for instance a child does something wrong and their mother forces them to say sorry and to stand in the corner .
when everything is done that child has only proven that they fear a single person enough to do what they say not that they are actually sorry or that they wo n't do whatever it is they did to get in trouble in the first place again .
just because they locked you in a cage for years does not make you sorry or mean you wo n't do it again given the right situation or opportunity .
only going through each day not doing it will .
yes there should be a point where they get treated the same .
yes their rights to a degree should be returned when they leave the system .
however they have not actually proven they are repentant to society just that if given no other choice they will do things that make it look like they are to the law .
i think it just depresses everything and stops the production of a lot of things .
i noticed if i got a day or two without my dose i get horny as fuck .
where as usually i never have a sex drive .
set the intention that you want to get better at it .
i like to flip some cards face down and guess the number color suite etc .
or i like to quiz myself and ask what color will i see this person wearing today .
someone else in this thread say their cat has them too .
cancel culture is when you get paid 100 million to speak about whatever you want https i.imgur.com/3padwhl.png
so i do n't want to sound mean or anything your stats and ec are not average !
your ap scores and the demographic of your high school show that you were able to keep up with a college level class without proper instructors not to mention you did well on the exams .
your sat and act or amazing remember every student gets the same exam they do n't change it .
obviously every test is different but you get my point .
stand out show them why they need to accept why you are different from all the other students applying with the same stats .
i do n't do it anymore cuz i 'm in my 30s and idgaf but squatting in the tub worked for me .
i cut myself a few times when i nicked my hole god i ca n't believe i 'm typing this so i would recommend going slow or better yet not at all .
when the hair starts to grow back the stubble is very irritating .
i do n't get the having an individual elf for each child thing ?
elf on shelf was way past my time so i do n't fully understand the concept of it but when i see fb posts of people with their kids ' elf they always just have one
are you saying you voted no because you want everyone that thinks it would be a good idea to just make their own food ?
as i said if you dont plan on patronizing late night restaurants why would you be against them existing ?
it sounds like youre saying you dont want them because you dont want anyone to have them options
me a dark souls player who 's super happy to see my favorite npc of all time being used in a meme template
bruuuhhhh those people who always ruin the joke with their logic .
np this makes me want to pick up crusadia again still have my core .
last time i played them was when crusadia thunder was a thing .
one of my favorite decks only topped by ib danger thunder guardragon .
haha i never said they were the party against corruption !
it may be packaged targeting an ubuntu release that has different packages available on its default repos than debian stable .
no that package is just depending on a library that 's been deprecated for 4 years and has been removed from basically everything by now .
i guess the dev figured fixing it would be pointless since gtk2 's a dead end anyway and ported to gtk3 instead but that only finished recently it looks like .
cherrytree used to be in debian repos directly but had to be removed from the current stable over this .
looks like it 's returning in the next stable though .
this kind of thing is why debian has a page for new users named do n't break debian https wiki.debian.org/dontbreakdebian .
if you do n't know enough to fix what you break you should n't be trying to install crap from other sources .
if you need something that is n't in debian and you 're not experienced with linux and debian you should do one of these things
see if it 's in debian 's backports https backports.debian.org which has newer versions of select software and is supported by debian .
they do n't integrate as well but they also wo n't break shit .
if the software provides its own third-party repository for your debian version only try that as a last resort and pay extra attention to anything it asks to add or remove when you attempt to install the software from your package manager in case there are conflicts .
a new user should not be trying to add a third-party repo from a different debian version or different distro e.g .
ubuntu attempting to install .deb files directly they may not be for your version or distro at all or trying to install '' software by unpacking provided compressed files onto the filesystem which is a great way to overwrite something important when you 're new and do n't know wtf you 're doing .
linux is not windows and you should n't install things the windows way unless you like breaking your system the windows way and reinstalling it the windows way .
it 's pretty fun to see a map of everywhere you 've driven how fast you 've gone how efficient you were etc .
the common custom of placing x '' on envelopes notes and at the bottom of letters to mean kisses dates back to the middle ages when a christian cross was drawn on documents or letters to mean sincerity faith and honesty .
1 a kiss was then placed upon the cross by the signer as a display of their sworn oath .
it was also used in early christian history as much of a display of the same .
i am only going to do wood or acrylic .
i have a 3d printer prusa that is always a mess .
i also worked in it for years so i am capable of tinkering .
i just do n't want a nightmare machine i can never get to work right .
i do n't think there is anywhere on the map where you can view just one skyscraper through the middle of two hills except for the view of maze bank tower from the lower part of mount chilliad
your comment has been removed automatically because you either do not have enough karma or your account is too new .
you must have at least 500 post or comment karma and be registered on reddit for at least two months to be able to comment and submit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
if you believe this was a mistake please message the moderators of this subreddit !
you will not receive a reply if you respond to this comment .
it says it in the article the bodycam footage showed that he did n't reach for the gun .
i still do not see a single moment where he reaches or even lowers his hands below his waste and he said he would shoot in self defense to their actions .
the way you try to push what happened despite the video is disturbing .
watch the video again at the end the cops say that he reached for the gun when they first approached the car and he admits that he did .
despite this he is not killed by the police who remain very polite and non-violent with him despite him threatening to murder them repeatedly .
i totally agree being neuroatypical forces you to realize that nothing is entirely black and white as you yourself are outside of what other people see as purely black and white .
you have to find a way to fit into society in a way that still makes you feel like yourself and in a way that other people will accept .
of course i also ca n't stand all i want for christmas is you .
oh that 's not what they 're talking about .
when you have did the different personalities that make up the whole is called a system '' .
it 's not anything about the foster care system .
bok bok was pretty injured when i got him one if my other pigs only has one eye and the last boy was terrorized and it took me months to get him to warm up to me .
hahahahah she really thinks she gets it after this ?
if trump is a misogynist bankrupt racist criminal lying narcissistic fool then ya i 'd say branson is off brand
seems like a bit of a stretch to be honest
i feel like you have to get to elephant/chimp/cetacean level intelligence for wild animals to understand friendship
find a good build and practice it until you can do it in your sleep .
something like a 1 or 2 base timing attack .
at low levels reducing the wasted time and resources in a build will get you much further than scouting/fancy drops .
the time you spend on your scouting unit and looking at the enemy base is probably making you float resources stop producing and falling behind .
the reward you are getting is probably extremely low as besides seeing how many units they have you do n't have much idea of what to do with the information that you see especially as a terran with access to scans to counter any cloaked unit cheese .
high level players can figure out their opponents build based on the timing of a building or how many workers on harvesting gas at a certain time or how many total workers there are .
you wo n't be doing that for a looooong time .
so focus more on what you are doing than your opponent and you will start to see big improvements .
tl dr pick a simple build focus on fundamentals of the build eventually add more micro like scouting/drops when you wo n't be crippling yourself by taking your attention off of your base .
regular tv shows cost from 1.5 to 3 mill for a typical half hour show and 5-7 for an hour .
even south park is 1 million per episode and that 's about as simply animated as you 're gon na get plus they do n't really have big name voice actors .
this will be a superhero show which will mean more complicated animation .
animation is not cheap if you want it to look good .
why do you think no adult cartoon has fluid animations ?
anime is pretty cheap but that is n't the case in the states .
i mean biden basically wants to make it illegal for the poor to own guns .
i 'm saying this as a gun owner who voted for biden .
he wants to add assault weapons '' and all 10 round magazines to the nfa .
so that 's a cool 200 to the atf for each item and your item gets added to a registry which makes future confiscation easier .
i think biden is going to have too much on his plate to go after guns but dont pretend he does n't have massive legislation that will destroy working class gun ownership .
none of what he wants will make america safer .
i was originally just going to make it about cake and cheesecake so so with that what you will
i think it 's cool that he 's willing to be the one to die instead of being insistent on winning all the time .
it 's hard to watch the chiefs at this point with the announcers .
it 's literally every single solitary thing that he does is revolutionary .
a mountain climber uses getting to the top as an excuse to climb not the other way around
there 's also a tv serial currently running on zee telugu called hitler 's wife .
it has a dude who is called hitler by everybody because he is a strict guy
no way he stays as an assistant if he wins out .
they told him he would be considered for hc if he does well .
not to mention what does that say to the players who if he wins out would have played their ass off for bev .
if he wins out a new coach is pretty much absolutely fucked .
you follow up from a guy who just took a dead team went 5-0 and likely made playoffs .
it 's a long shot but if he wins he will get the jc treatment and be bright back for 1 year with the new gm and see where it goes from there .
any higher and it evaporates too fast to effectively kill .
any lower and it 's too watered down to kill .
too many guns is going to be a hassle to get licensing and game size .
the 2 operators brought down to one is kind of dumb but i can see that they would run out of operators quickly going forward .
and the reworked maps have been for the most part great .
kafe kanal oregon and theme park were amazing reworks that made the maps much more competitive and viable on both sides .
these last couple of reworks are just considered bad because nobody wants to put in the time to learn them
for chemistry is when when pairing of characters go so well together that they let you believe they are partners/friends for real .
for romantic chemistry lee minho and jun ji hyun in lotbs jang ki yong and im soo jung in search www kim soohyun and seo yeji in iotnbo .
for non romance 5 friends in reply 1988 bae doona and cho seung-woo in stranger iu and lee sun-gyun in my mister .
but there is a very distinct and noticeable difference when you cross the border between norway and sweden .
the advantage at the position is greater than you can get with any wr
i dont think that would be considered as its not directly the texture just a photo '' but i do n't mind changing that .
its not illegal afaik to take photos of the mona lisa thanks for reminding me though ill make a custom pack.png
this is me i 've done every challenge except for that .
im a haole that moved here with my girlfriend local girl 5 weeks ago .
a friend would be willing to pay me back .
i know it sounds crazy but there 's a reason behind it .
it 's because he was n't hired and trained as a mechanic it 's an insurance issue .
if he hurts himself he can sue and say the company never trained him and it was n't his job and he would win because it 's true .
any suggestions on where i can buy books online for young children to teach them about sikh history ?
i know almost all recipes so if you have a wishlist let me see it !
i changed my name upon naturalization but did not know i had 60 days to update the name change to my license .
if the 60 days are past and i still want to change my name on my driver 's license what should i do ?
can i even still do it or do i re-take my license test ?
i live in phoenix but will be in tucson for the christmas holiday with my wife 's family .
they live up in catalina foothills about 5 mins from sabino canyon .
i have never been mtn biking down there but will bring it this year .
the closest trail i see to where we are staying is a portion of the az trail but i just found the honeybee canyon which is about 25 mins away .
ss she carefully constructed her fake death in public and got away with it !
she wrote her last book after her supposedly real death '' a death which reminds one of shakespeare 's ophelia in that famous painting and left skillful clues to this secret like the great player of words that she was .
holmes because his writer faked his death to play with the public 's sentiments .
so i think the question might be coming soon and i 'm getting my nails done tomorrow just in case .
i 'm going red for the holidays but i need ideas on if i should do anything else !
watch me go through all this for nothing😂 but i 'm hopeful !
i 'm 14 i know it 's a young age to think about this stuff but i think the sooner the better .
i have now begun thinking about what i want to do as a career or what i want to specialize in i do not have a good idea of what solid careers there are in the real world except for the generic stuff like doctors or engineers .
when i ask about this sort of thing people usually give me the follow your dreams type talk but i view it as unrealistic since many dream job '' professions are extremely difficult to get into or take a long time .
i would simply like some suggestions of good careers the level of education required and what the job mostly entails .
my interests involve digital editing the study of molecular discoveries being active and not at a desk all day and hands on related things .
is there a type in c that allows me to like essentially create a list and has methods similar to somelist.insert value indextoinsert and somelist.removeat index ?
i come from c which has a list t class but i ca n't find an equivalent type in c and when i try to look up some solutions for it i get code that i find hard to read especially since i 'm a beginner .
internal wifi card works fine hut i want to crack my wifi password with kali inside virtual box .
when i set the network bridge to the alfa usb adapter there is no internet connection in kali .
been here for more than a week handling affairs with my grandmother .
will be moving here to become her sole caregiver .
need someone to let me release my tension on .
i wan na fuck someone till they cant walk for a week .
11 successful people who went to public universities https www.businessinsider.com/successful-people-who-went-to-public-universities-2017-9 larry-page-university-of-michigan-4
25 rich and successful people who went to community college https www.gobankingrates.com/net-worth/celebrities/rich-famous-community-college-graduates
i know a lot of these are actors so let 's get back to business people with
ceos that did n't go to an ivy league https www.theladders.com/career-advice/new-data-shows-that-going-to-an-ivy-league-school-is-no-longer-a-requirement-for-fortune-100-ceos
a few examples ceo of walmart university of arkansas ceo of apple auburn university cvs health university of pittsburg
and of course 15 successful people who never graduated college https money.com/15-super-successful-people-who-never-graduated-college
a commonly known one is bill gates but he went to harvard before dropping out .
steve jobs went to reed a great school but 30 acceptance rate .
the fact of the matter is that there are infinite examples of successful people who went to great schools good schools poor schools or no school !
so when you open those decision letters to your reach schools remember that it does n't define the rest of your life .
i have been thinking about making a fanfiction using a jumpcahin narrative but i ca n't seem to think of an adequate one .
i know that i want to go to an anime world but not pokemon but also not a world where i would have to fight to survive .
my goal is to start of easy so i can focus more on the plot since i want to write something people can enjoy .
so if you guys have any ideas it would be very much appreciated l .
so i 've been a proponent of how great this game is for a long time .
the only problem is i 've never gotten around to playing it .
that 's changed and i 've been trying to play it on stream on hard mode and i 've been finding myself shared shitless and walking into traps that make me squeal and make an ass of myself .
i want to keep playing the game and keep entertaining my friends but i feel like i 'm lacking context .
are there any good tips that might help me lessen the stress/struggle ?
i 'm assuming that this is applicable to most vibrating insertable/plug .
i 've 35m married w kids been walking around with a vibrating b-vibe xl snug plug in my ass for the last hour .
i can definitely hear it but i do n't know if it 's because it 's inside me and vibrating my insides or if it 's noticeably loud .
or if i sit down can others hear it through vibrations through the chair ?
i 'm looking to reach great friends with 20 people to help me reach 40. i 'm open to both sending a receiving gifts any help is appreciated !
laser wave set with couple dupes crim striker cobalt aviator fg sniper
i 'm looking to do a full trade 1 set for 1 set .
i would like to trade my full set of mush diys for a full set of cherry-blossom diys
i take my tap water let it sit around in few days then add a little sea water i collect in a beach nearby
do you think it will safe to raise my marimo in it
i 've heard it 's already hard for straight couples to find childfree and childless people when they 're dating i 'm only 22 and i do n't plan on dating for a while because i have to work and go to university and i 'm kind of scared it could be the same for women who love women c or men who love men
i have a job interview tomorrow wish me luck !
to host for a restaurant that rhymes with fallive pardon and i had to complete a short phone interview with a manager and he ended up sir'ing me at the end of the call and that just got me.. both really happy and anxious .
even in my binder i very clearly have a chest so i suppose i 'm scared of being found out '' i guess .
i 've heard stories about co-workers being dipshits to other trans people at work and it 's gotten me a little squirrelly .
marryat is not as gifted a writer as o'brian .
however he served in the british navy from 1806 to 1829 .
he started at age 14 as a midshipman and ended as a captain .
so some of the details are interesting as he is writing from first hand knowledge of life on a british navy ship during that era .
mr midshipman easy by captain frederick marryat classic edition annotated illustrations classic edition annotated illustrations
yes i subtitled my post electric boogaloo sue me .
in my last thread i went over beerus ' role as a god of destruction and why i disapproved of his methods and actions .
this time i would like to look into his behavior towards the other characters in the series and his interactions with them and why that leaves me with further feelings of disdain towards him .
and for this rant i will be looking at both the manga and the anime as most folks generally seem to accept both of them as valid depictions of the character .
to start off beerus calls frieza arrogant which is hilarious considering the fact that he himself is quite the arrogant bastard himself .
just look at the way he lords over the likes of king vegeta or frieza .
and he 's always all to happy to remind or threaten others that he 's a god of destruction really driving home the divine factor nevermind that god is really just a title and that he is n't really any kind of actual divine being he 's really just an extremely powerful alien who was given a job that he sucks at by a god toddler .
hell whis himself states that one day goku could take over the position if he really wanted to .
and as much as i want to i ca n't fault his decision for destroying bulma 's time machine because that 's how you end up with cells and goku blacks but he really did just give off this obnoxiously condescending attitude during the whole incident though .
and yeah i know the broly movie showed that he 's mellowed out quite a bit but he 's still got a long way to go before he even comes close to receiving the sort of redemption that piccolo vegeta and others have achieved in my opinion .
now i want to talk about the way he 's presented in terms of power .
to put it simply beerus is n't allowed to lose anything ever because i get that would make him look weak and we ca n't have that now can we .
if at the end of the botg ark after he defeats goku beerus would be challenged by oolong to that game of rock paper scissors and lost would have also been kind of a nice call back to when the little pig saved the day way back when but nope beerus beat him too .
then there was the god free-for-all in the manga and while he did n't exactly win the whole thing he was the only other god standing besides quitela and he even had all the other gods gunning for him i guess he 's just the strongest god ever .
and no his pratfalls during the monaka incident are n't good enough either .
i want to see beerus lose an actual fight get knocked down a peg or two .
he does n't need to breath apparently poisons have no effect on him and he 's immune to toonforce the motherfucker is immune to toonforce .
yes i know toonforce is n't really considered a real power but in that episode it sure as shit seemed to to be also whoever wrote that episode was all to happy to have vegeta get humiliated but goodness forgive you have the same happen to beerus even though it would have been yknow funny which was the whole point of that episode was it not ?
let 's not forget too that beerus access to just about every op technique in the series just shy of instant transmission and zeno 's superior erasure ability .
a superior form of hakai that can apperently erase anything a sealing technique that 's far superior to even the mafuba and at least the lesser form of ultra instinct .
they purposely wrote this asshole to be just flat out broken even by dragon ball standards .
now i know what your thinking but u/lssjb4 beerus is n't that all powerful he cowers before zeno and even whis himself stated he is superior to beerus .
and that 's true but i take issue with that .
first of all i do n't care if zeno is more powerful than him because i hate zeno just as much as maybe even alittle more than him .
and secondly all the characters that stand head and shoulders over beerus are the higher ups of the celestial hierarchy they do n't really meddle or intervene in the affairs of others and only act when absolutely necessary plus whis is a total bro and gentleman that's how a god should behave .
what i 'm trying to say here is that apparently beerus is the strongest fighter in the dragon ball universe barring the celestial hierarchy and the fact that it 's him of all people just pisses me off .
so there you have it a slightly more detailed description as to why i hate this piece of shit .
now before i end this rant i just want to say that i do occasionally find beerus ' interactions the other characters to be entertaining .
not enjoyable just entertaining particularly his shaky friendship with goku .
now that i 've finally got that off my chest i can finally move on to the finale of this trilogy where i can rage over what drove me to write these threads that fucking death battle .
i 'm not really sure if anyone here can help me but i ca n't really find any animal behavior sub reddits .
i 'm sorry in advance if this is in the wrong place .
also i 'm writing this on mobile so sorry for any typos or formating issues .
i know that 's a super common issue but i literally ca n't bath him and i 've tried everything i can think of .
i 've tried shower heads and just bathtubs of water .
he 's even fine with me closing the door .
just the second i turn on the slightest bit of water he becomes very offense and almost a whole new dog .
he 's very mild tempered but if the water is on he backs himself into a corner and will growl claw and bare teeth if i go near him .
he never achually bites and i do n't believe he ever will
i do n't blame him as he is protecting himself .
i always make sure he can see my hands and i try not to make any sudden moves or loud noises .
he needs a bath and i ca n't afford a groomer every time he finds mud .
if anyone has any advice it 's greatly appreciated .
i 'm sorry again if this is the wrong place for this .
got him from a good trade for me n plan on just flipping him to buy a couple other players for my ftp team
recently bought a 5800x and paired it with the asus tuf gaming plus x570 wifi .
normally i do n't really care about extreme overclocking but i do care about getting the expected performance from a cpu .
noticed that my single core scores on both cpu-z 635 compared to 670 and cinebench multi 5810 compared to 6000-6200 were lower than avg .
first thing i did was look into overclocking making sure i have the right bios power plans etc .
tried ryzen master auto oc on or off pbo different pbo settings even tried using the curve optimizer yet i could only get 5 without my pc crashing if i tried moving anything else to 10 or 15 like everyone else can .
ultimately turning on pbo yielded me worse single core or the same somehow whereas in everyone elses results it was a positive .
i know these cpus are already close to their best performance but in every benchmark i 've seen pbo at least yields some positive result .
so then i went into hwinfo ran cinebench r20 and reset the readings until it was running with a 1000ms polling rate .
now from what i 'm understanding this means i 'm pulling 5-10 less than what it 's supposed to .
could this be an explanation for my perf issues and inability to see any real gain from pbo ?
is it a bad bios or just lost the silicon lottery ?
so tonight placed my sell orders on some stocks i have been holding since early 2019 tmus conagra bad irm and t. they are all safe plays super slow ass growth but overall im profitable .
hoping to buy as close to as many of 100 shares so i can sell call options on it .
820 hours almost all of which are in multiplayer .
but the online community is dying slowly but surely .
i go into comp and its almost never a full lobby even during the day and it does n't help that half the lobby leaves if you land anything over 30 mil .
the problem is imo lack of spectator mode and voice chat in online .
nobody wants to just sit in silence waiting while someone is in a 5 minute overtime combo .
let us chat let newer players see what i 'm doing instead of me having to send clips or tell people to go watch youtube tutorials .
if we add both these features i think there 's a big chance we 'll see a resurgence in the online playerbase .
what would yall like to see added to multiplayer to make it a better experience ?
hi i am releasing a new electronic/ambient song called narcissus '' on the 18th and giving away a code for acon digital verberate 2
enter by saving my song with your spotify https show.co/61a91cr https show.co/61a91cr
every interesting product i see in aliexpress looks like it 's already being sold in amazon fba so competing against the 1-7 day shipping there is useless even if you niche down .
about to give up on aliexpress but i thought i 'd check in with the community first .
i 've looked around online and all the stores only sell it and ship to japan
i 'm so sorry i was confused about what and when to fill in 😢
i did answer all the questions about favourite authors and so on .
havent played siege in 3 to 5 months up until 4 or 5 days ago .
out of 34 games i have 3 or 4 abandons due to connection issues .
yesterday i decided to buy an ethernet cord so i could stopp getting connection issues .
so just now i started a match and i saw my ping was high so i figured my cord must of came out .
i checked and it came out so i pushed the ethernet cord back in and it kicked me out the match .
i tried to rejoin the match and got banned for 24 fucking hours !
it didnt offer me the option to reconnect even tho it was the first round and im absolutely pissed .
how can they ban me when the fucking match wasnt even over ?
so i was buying things according to their interests that i have no knowledge about .
i was just thinking hmm this looks good i hope they like it ! !
! and now i can see my parents ' thought process
i have a ps3 slim and want to get homebrew on it .
i 've looked up how to do it and been trying for the past few hours and not getting anywhere .
the closest i 've been to doing it was putting the usb drive in the ps3 .
but from there i do not know how to install it to where i can be able to get it .
it says i have to get a firmware file and a hen file but i do n't know how to install it on the ps3 .
can anyone explain what i have to do step by step so i can be able to do this please ?
i would like to read the book but i do n't know if there is a difference between the original version and the new one with the netflix sticker on is the new one a continuation ?
first read through i 've just finished the passage where mat finally reads moiraine 's letter and i 'm absolutely in tears .
waaaaay back in foh i predicted that moiraine was n't quite dead just missing and when i pieced together that lanfear had been reborn back in i think path of daggers that pretty much solidified the prediction for me .
i 'm ecstatic and awed at the letter s contents and i 'm so hyped to finish this book now .
mostly i 'm just giddy and wanted to share with someone but i also have to wonder if it was possible to piece the letter together from anything earlier in the series .
i tend to miss a lot of the really small details but something tells me this was foreshadowed somewhere i did n't see .
i 19f have been looking back on memories of the past .
we were being bullied by the kids and mistreated by the teachers .
i do n't know what made us different but i think what made us think differently than him was the fact i was taught getting in fights was wrong and i never associated any sort of violence as 'getting back 's at someone .
i always heard violence in stories as something aimless and immoral .
i do n't know how he was raised so this is a theory .
one day i was walking chris to his bus and i heard key words like gun and kill .
did i ever think that meant he was going to attempt what he would eventually attempt to do ?
all i remember was that he was my friend i trusted him he was a good kid so i brushed things off .
one day a kid found a gun in my friends backpack and reported it .
from what i was told he had a list of people he wanted to kill and of course kids mocked me telling me i was on the list .
the thing was i knew the people he despised i could probably name a few people that was on his list .
i saw them but i did n't understand because i was an undeveloped patato compared to the kids around me .
my little bubble did n't have room for violence so it did n't exist to me until it all came to a head .
i bring it up now because the reality is i do n't think of it on my good days or my bad days .
i feel immense fear when i feel an emotion in which makes me ponder if that 's what he felt .
near the end of my last year in the school system the desire to fight back against a bully using aimless violence made me run away in fear to the councilors office .
i never thought of him much only when i put myself in his shoes right then did i think about it .
i was scared and i still sort of am because of the simple fact is that we are basically the same but somehow chose different actions .
somehow violence never came to my mind as an option then .
i am telling you when you have a terrible thought and memories like that pops up it makes you feel really sick .
daddy wants to grope your tits while he fucks you hard and breeds you
i say some bits of gameplay it seems good i will be playing with my one friend my question is that the multiplayer is limited storyline or like minecraft we can keep on doing things
hello all i have been mostly a lurker on here never posted photos of myself on any of the other gay friendly communities but is ok of me to just look at the picture and be not just turned but be inspired of the many pics people post no matter how people perceive themselves these guys are awesome .
sometimes feeling like putting a pic on the other hand getting anxiety on how i look or feel sometimes to the point where if i do put a photo the only thing on my mind will be me becoming more closed off to the world .
i 've seen lots of people that want to play the alpha but do n't know how to get it well i have a solution .
i 'm unsure whether we are allowed to post download links here so i 'm going to put my discord server discord.gg/7yqf9gn https discord.gg/7yqf9gn here you can find 2 channels that contain a link just scroll down a bit and you will find it for the alpha july 23 2013 patch version and in the other you can find a dropbox link that i made which leads you to the version of the alpha that does not have the patch both links are tested and working .
and no it 's not a virus which means you can still do the hang glider glitch and the crossbow right-click spam .
have fun in cube world because there is no way i 'm letting this game be forgotten .
i wanted to give high refresh rates a shot so i bought a budget gaming monitor gigabyte m27q and i 've found myself really distracted by the backlight bleed .
my previous monitor auria eq276w was labeled led ips '' and had no noticeable bleed whatsoever .
i know it is actually an led-lit lcd monitor and the color is still produced by the lcd part and not the led part .
1 does led-backlighting imply that there 's no bleed e.g .
could i returned the m27q and buy something like lg 27gl83a-b to get away from the bleed ?
2 if not is there any way to tell if the bleeding is a defect or is characteristic of the design of this particular monitor ?
3 is blacklight bleed something that 's becoming more common maybe because manufacturers are cutting corners in construction to drive the price down ?
? or is has it always been a common thing and i just got super lucky with the auria ?
i still have n't 100 made up my mind on whether it 's something i can learn to live with or if i want to return it and roll the dice on another m27q or some other comparable panel .
i 'd like to get some idea of what my expectations should be either way .
side-by-side comparison https imgur.com/a/ofhmb4r using the same youtube blackscreen link auria on the left m27q on the right i 've seen the bot post with the flowchart i 'm just including this picture as a reference for how different they look .
looking to do a father daughter roleplay on here or on kik does n't matter to me .
i want to be forced and dominated by my daddy .
forced to play with his ... well his cock haha .
just dm me and let 's get this going !
i want this to be a hot and steamy incest night yknow .
dm with me with ideas for a roleplay or with certain aspects or ideas you want to implement .
if i 'm satisfied by the end i may even decide to show you the aftermath .
however i 'm extremely bored rn so i 'm nowhere near finishing .
i 'm really looking forward to doing some roleplays with some extravagent strangers on here kinda turns me on haha .
super horny by the way so it 's gon na be a relatively short roleplay .
i 've completed the other challenges so i 'm finally trying iron will mode .
i 'm a few days in and just learned that you only get 1 zebra on your first run .
it seems i should have restarted after archery a few times to get up to 10 zebras which would increase catpower faster .
i realize there 's a parallel to paragon farming here but with a lot less discussion on optimal routes/strategies .
how feasible is iron will with only one zebra ?
should i cut my losses reset and farm up some extra zebras to speed up the mid and late game ?
if so what is the ideal number of zebras to stop at ?
i 'm not sure if iron will has an end state '' .
can you ever mark the challenge as completed or does it just go on forever ?
love to love by eric geurts in the style of john lennon https youtu.be/c-qcpoc7me0
the new eric geurts single '**love to love ' was released on 8 december 2020 .
fittingly also on this day we commemorate the sad and untimely death 40 years ago of john lennon .
'love to love ' written by eric geurts is a musical tribute to the dreamer john lennon written in a style reminiscent of lennon 's own distinctive beatles style .
with a release date just before christmas 'love to love ' is above all an idealistic plea for more love and peace in these challenging times .
all vocals and instruments by eric geurts except fretless bass by evert verhees and drums/percussion by walter mets .
every year we go to the philippines to visit my wife 's family .
the most important event during our yearly holiday is the organization of the 𝗖𝗵𝗶𝗹𝗱𝗿𝗲𝗻 𝗙𝗲𝗲𝗱𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗣𝗿𝗼𝗴𝗿𝗮𝗺 in manila during the christmas season .
if you want to participate in doing something good for these street children and giving them a heartful remembrance of a joyful day you can do so by donating something in our paypal pool 𝗵𝘁𝘁𝗽𝘀 𝗽𝗮𝘆𝗽𝗮𝗹.𝗺𝗲/𝗽𝗼𝗼𝗹𝘀/𝗰/𝟴𝘁𝗣𝗶𝗵𝗴𝗮𝗼𝟵𝗞 https paypal.me/pools/c/8tpihgao9k or our paypal account 𝗵𝘁𝘁𝗽𝘀 𝗽𝗮𝘆𝗽𝗮𝗹.𝗺𝗲/𝗯𝗳𝗰𝗽𝗵𝗶𝗹 https paypal.me/bfcphil .
your money goes straight to the children without any deductions except for paypal and bank transfer costs .
we buy food and entertain the children with chants and plays .
if we have enough money we also make sure they have a take-away package including a backpack with school supplies food rice etc .
due to the corona virus we can not go this year and so our next visit is planned on december 2021 .
however if we have enough funds before december 2020 we will work together with a local church in the philippines to organize the feeding program already this christmas season .
we post our videos and pictures on facebook every year 𝗵𝘁𝘁𝗽𝘀 𝘄𝘄𝘄.𝗳𝗮𝗰𝗲𝗯𝗼𝗼𝗸.𝗰𝗼𝗺/𝗕𝗙𝗖𝗣𝗵𝗶𝗹 https www.facebook.com/bfcphil .
it 's not easy after all we 've been through
it 's time to leave our pains and sorrows behind
let 's show the love that we all dream of
there 's food for all if we only learn to share
'cause rich and poor we all breathe the same air
let 's show the love that we all dream of
let 's show the love that we all dream of
i was really anxious as i have been conditioned to fear therapists .
it did n't go very well as i could n't find any free therapists in my area who specialize in extreme sexual trauma so this was just basically a standard therapist .
background my mother rented me out to pedophiles for the first 14 years of my life .
usually she would send me into a motel room with one person .
sometimes i was rented for the night as party entertainment .
a couple of times i was rented for days or weeks by one person to stay at their house .
the therapist i saw was so invalidating of my experiences .
i talked about getting pregnant and needing medical attention for a miscarriage and my mother calling in one of my clients who was a doctor then paying him for discreetly treating me by allowing him free time with me while i was recovering from a medical emergency and the therapist basically said there 's no way that happened because no doctor would do that .
he also does n't believe that i could have been used as party entertainment because he thinks someone out of the many people there would have called the police .
he said i 'm probably misremembering things and that his theory is that i was either threatened with more extreme sexual abuse than i experienced or that my brain came up with possible things that could happen to me in order to mentally prepare for them and then as time went on i could n't distinguish between the real and fake .
i 'm 100 sure this is n't the case .
i know what happened to me it was real some of the things he says ca n't have happened i specifically remember having conversations with my mother about .
i feel like i 'll never be able to get proper help for what i went through .
i do n't think i can see this therapist again because i just left that session feeling like garbage doubting myself and feeling hopeless .
play it where you try to dom and your partner overpowers you and takes control .
it 's better for a switch whose playing the role of dom if their toys have a little fight in them and threaten the power dynamic .
das tritt nicht sofort in kraft und würde auch erst mal nur für sachsen-anhalt gelten aber ich gehe davon aus dass andere länder schnell mitziehen würden .
das system des öffentlich-rechtlichen rundfunks hat gerade seine erste offensichtliche wunde bekommen .
yea i tested postive and it only made my poopie hole tingle when i smoked some haze i do n't have covid anymore and the tingle is also gone even when i smoke the same haze
we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
i hope you like olive oil because i 'm extra virgin
i was just telling my mum about your story after i read it in this sub earlier .
it all started when mum told me my granny keeps saying i 'm having twins where as i know i 'm just having the one !
34 weeks now but then i did n't argue back seeing how any miracle can happen at any time !
congratulations mama.. also adding my two cents love the name vivian or even valerie !
mpc one with drumsynth a synth key group and some samples .
also sequenting a pad from the alpha juno 1 some weird noises from the neutron and an extra kick from the impact .
the bass comes from the microfreak sequenced on the mpc as well .
idk how qiqi fast apply cryo but would n't chongyun be better for team 2 there ?
i would but can i put my hard cock in that nice ass hole ? ?
this setup looks amazing i had done only four border tracks on my border
i 've always been a bit of a saver but only really decided i wanted to get a house in q1 of 2021 in about 2016 .
thought there would be a bit of a dip q1 2021 but the stamp duty holiday plus the lisa and the price of this house helped me make my decision a bit quicker than i had planned .
uber were once a good startup but when they started offering fake discounts through their app and blaming user error for their obvious ux design flaws i think it 's time for another company to step in and take the reigns .
been playing for a little while now and still enjoying it .
had heard that until you fall was similar so i tried it .
uyf is more of a rail like game if i remember correctly .
not pistol whipped movement but very limited in where you can go .
only played it for 15-20 minutes and it was n't for me .
in death unchained gives you a lot more freedom of movement and allows you to play whatever mixture of stealth and attack suits your play style .
idu feels more ‘3d ' than uyf ... at least for me .
unloose the caboose ... after i googled caboose i realised they meant to say dropping the kids off at the pool 🤷‍♂️
i would n't mind to find out which magic sue bae can do with her ass
i and a lot of people have gotten downvoted here for opinions that turned out to be correct as time passed .
there are 250+k users here so that is bound to happen .
ca n't be healthy asking people who downvoted you for a written apology .
this went down the shit hole when these fake ass hillbilly heroes kept their mouths shut as americans were getting kidnapped in unmarked vans during the blm protests .
ah yes everything was fine and the government never overstepped its bounds until a few months ago .
not to mention reddit was blowing up about how those were part of psyops and they were just extracting government operatives .
this is exactly what they love to say whenever someone argues against the 2a yet they tucked their tail between their legs and kept quiet because they 're most likely racist .
why get upset about a legal arrest of someone who was breaking the law who was treated humanely and immediately released ?
it 's all a fucking sham and this is all coming from a legal gun owner .
oh boy tell me all about how you just want reasonable gun control '' and about how biden does n't want to take my guns '' .
i 'm sure you grew up around firearms '' too right ?
recently became clinical director for a small clinic 10 rbts 2 bcabas 1 other bcba .
my typical day as a bcba involves checking data for all my cases reviewing session notes from previous day modifying skills programs on our data collection interface supervising rbts meeting with our family/parent training coordinator to discuss any upcoming family therapy sessions .
but of course as a supervisor there 's all the additional work that changes month to month like updating behavior plans re-assessments submitting insurance continuation of care requests providing individual supervision hours covering patient sessions if need be monthly behavior analyst meetings to discuss caseloads making materials for my rbts to use in sessions .
there 's probably a few more little things i 'm forgetting but that basically encompasses my typical work load .
if you prefer to work directly with clients but are planning on getting you bcba or bcaba i would suggest seeking out clinics that employ only bcbas .
in my experience those places pay way more as reimbursement rates are obviously much higher for analysts .
i will say that while i really enjoy working directly with my patients i do n't know if i could ever go back to working 40 hours doing only direct therapy .
do n't know how i did that for so many years
more like your mom 's back when she bends all day for me
but too-much can damage ones water-appliances ... so i 've heard !
cut to 2022 and op posting pictures of cats with human ears growing on their backs lolol
but he is a person a human and a dear friend .
he admits his mistakes and does n't hide his flaws .
the neoth on the other hand is all brains and no heart .
he has faith only in himself and will not share his burden with anyone not even his closest allies .
he projects an air of godly infallibility but strikes down any who venerate as such .
in short the emperor is a liar murder a cretin of the highest order .
and i will never forgive him for the death of my waifu alivia !
as a call of duty fan i feel for you guys
being super smart but apparently not smart enough to learn emotional intelligence
i think they just blindly use whatever they find in the thesaurus at this point without even looking to see what the words actually mean .
so while us healthcare system is def broken this is n't the example
i guess they were afraid that she might use her second amendment rights to protect her fourth amendment rights .
also please you might want to keep in touch with r/tressless subreddit since once you are 18 you can potentially ask for a dermatologist to recommend you finasteride or dutasteride .
these foreign countries have so many great well maintained parks and open grassy fields which are so peaceful and calm .
over here most of the time the only open spaces you will find are a bunch of poorly maintained sand grounds that are already filled with people .
most of the well maintained areas can really only be found in private lands like apartments schools campuses etc and they can not be accessed by everyone .
online is broken for us too but not as much
i take it you have n't been subjected to mumble rap ... ..
i definitely have this problem too i have tried to recognize when i am feeling an emotional .
check in with myself what the emotion is and then find another way to soothe it e.g .
paint my nails when you feel low about your appearance do some sit ups weirdly quite good for pain put on a face mask watch a movie apply some body cream good for loneliness drink some sparkling water etc .
if you 're on mobile go to the subreddit tap on the three dots on the top right corner then tap change user flair ''
if you 're on desktop go to subreddit then to the right you should see an about community '' box and at the bottom of that box you should see community options '' .
expand it then click on the edit symbol next to user flair preview ''
as the smaller branches grow span them over the rest of the pot evenly p
i consider the post of c0tilli0n erroneous it should say yeah it 's an anime instead .
‘its ' is possessive ‘it 's ' means ‘it is ' or ‘it has ' .
if you think the errors which i found are incorrect please contact me through dms or contact my owner elitedamyth
mojang dont patch this pls pls pls bedrock gets no cool glitches that are allowed to stick around
how difficult is your life in general if eating round things is difficult ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
its to gain skills and its not mandatory by any means they are taking a risk so it involves a great deal of ambition .
it was bad then and it 's bad now imo i agree this episode is not as bad as many are making it out to be and for cg-2d hybrid it 's not bad but they still should just stick to 2d even if it 's extra work .
the final arc of aot is legendary imo and deserves a legendary adaptation .
same plus i have a usd denominated windfall expected soon after so a thrashing of the pound would be very good for me .
it will be a disaster for the country however .
if we are out with the group and at a certain point he asks me if i want to go out with me i would say yes .
if he texts something like x gave me your number/you seem funny wan na hang out ? ''
if we never talked and he stops me in the hallway and says '' do you want to hang out ? ''
we have territorial neighbors where i live as well .
except i was trying to go into art school they rejected me now i 'm studying engineering
i have one kami but shes reincarnated and i could n't trade her in in time .
man i lack any heal orb makers for her pre tf form its so hard to get the extra damage without healorbs
small school bad boy '' behavior in bathrooms in the late 70s smoking the mara-joo wan na i think doors removed never put back up .
i went there from k through 12 80 through 92 and never once used those bathrooms .
the bathrooms in the gym had doors on the stalls for the basketball spectators we were n't supposed to use them but i always found a way .
this client is a textbook example of a prue and/or trude .
the first time i met them my first impression was 'well there 's someone who has gotten everyone they 've every wanted their entire life . '
they can be a poisoned chalice to people like me .
sure they pay their bills but man they can sometimes be demanding pains in the a-hole .
it likely requires you to log in to gog .
ca n't parry soul of cinder because its not possible it can parry you tho
? doppelganger dies in 2 shots in ba and attacks once every century.doppelganger is bad with op weapons and absaloute trash with litterally anything else !
first they do n't want reviewers to show their oen footage of the game and second they do n't want anyone to review the console version .
this probably means that at least currently the console version is more broken than the pc version that was reviewed .
and this means no one will know anything about its quality until people actually buy it and try it out .
this is extremely anti consumer and if i had pre-ordered it on console i 'd cancel my pre-order now and wait to see actual reviews and digital foundry 's techincal analysis of the game .
evet evrim be coğrafi nedenler kuranda insanların evreler içinde yaratıldığı söyleniyor nuh/14
type a indicates a normal middle ear function according to northside audiology .
for more direct guidance and interpretation speak to whoever gave you the results or a ent or audiologist .
as for you hearing loss based on frequency you 're in the mild '' category approaching moderate at the highest frequencies .
this type of loss is very common and is usually imperceptible .
for reference i have moderate frequency hearing loss at all frequencies approaching severe at the highest .
i have consistent tinnitus but i do not wear hearing aids .
i would consult with an ent or audiologist if you have not already as they may give you more qualified advice on whether you should purchase hearing aids .
hearing aids are typically a quality of life '' purchase and typically are n't covered by insurance in the us .
it looks based on these tests that you probably wo n't need hearing aids at least not to correct frequency or middle ear function but if you 're noticing hearing issues best thing is to get a good doctor who specializes in ears .
if a brit child says negrito isnt exactly imitating cavani is n't it ?
you 've have to be uruguayan in order to use it .
similar to the n word being spoken by black people
the thought crossed my mind but i always suspicious by nature
probably because wwe gave xavier the green light to do it .
wwe likes to act like a pimp who gets a cut of every revenue stream their 'independent contractors ' get .
just look up the king kong bundy story about the computer ad he did without vince knowing or getting a cut to know what vince and wwe are all about .
i created one once i seen all the bitches get one and i promise i do n't regret it🤣
would it be okay if it was a city he did live in ?
there is one for sale on ebay now though the person who originally sold the kits is not the seller .
contact him directly or via botbuilders.info i just got a control knob for my gypsy from him recently .
they blend really well take a little longer to dry and have a sort of transparency that works nicely
i know for a fact these people realize they 're wasting perfectly good milk that could be used by people who actually need it .
there are barely even a handful of builds that everyone always talks about the ones that use pam gwm ss etc in martial vs caster '' threads and the fact of the matter is that they are indeed much more powerful that fighters that do n't abuse '' those feats .
all i know is that a fighter using a longsword and a shield would be barely able to compete with one that used pam+gwm or even a completely unrelated class .
for many people it 's essentially a dead character concept .
it makes the task of digging up chunks of rhizome much easier .
err yes i said it backwards but i do n't understand how repairing the truck is cheaper .
build a tiny insulated white bug house so they have somewhere to go when theyre cold
i dont know if your god is testing you or not .
but im sure your god is damn proud of you !
two guys and a horse.. its one of those '' videos
i 've just started the remains of the day and i 'm loving it .
there are so many untold stories in the narration of a butler who 's trying to understand how humor works .
i 've built 1 pc before so i am no pro ha .
i 'm not saying trade with the eu is bad i 'm simply saying we should n't be so reliant on it .
granted they 're our closest neighbour so trade will always be heavy but the level on entanglement is ridiculous .
you just have to look at the damage leaving will do to see how intertwined we were and not just on trade .
i 'm not convinced this is n't a colorized version of one of those creepy photos from the 1800s where the person is dead and they 've been propped up for a portrait .
it 's not about fish and whale or water rates those are available on discord btw it 's about control of the water and villages nerfing fish rate does nothing they have tons of trees and ports are what matters.. just get into the water faster then other tribes.. to beat them do the same
his problems are almost entirely his mechanics meaning they 're not influenced by external factors out of his control .
he did n't have an offseason to work with a qb coach to try and work out these issues with the pandemic so i 'm hopeful that given the status of wentz as an mvp candidate that 's regressed over time with a huge contract that was just signed that they 're going to invest time into trying to fix him .
the eagles franchise does n't want their first round draft pick qb they dumped franchise money on to suck either .
give wentz a full offseason to fix the over stride pigeon toe lack of reading the field internal timer and confidence in the pocket during the offseason then we can talk about dumping him off the team .
literally when people scream about being bullied by dgg it 's not this bad .
you could n't find a quarter of the shit these insane leftys are spewing coming out of dgg .
personally my m4 class is mono suppressor grenadier barrel commando foregrip stippled grip tape and tac laser perfect for range recoil control and fast ads .
i 'd pair this with either kali sticks or knife .
last time we lost was the 0-3 vs bayern in 2013 .
i do n't think buffy 's actually in an asylum and the whole show is her hallucination there are too many things that happen/are shown without her being there and a whole spin off .
so i think her being institutionalized is an hallucination caused by the demon but that hallucination is based on reality ie her parents had her committed in la for a while because she was the slayer .
and left off the resume 2 movies where they won acting oscars lol silence of the lambs and dallas buyers club
boxing is really just real life smash brothers at this point grab a character from anywhere they can and insert them in the ring
yeah i 'm honestly amazing at the amount of emotions he can show without even showing his face .
but i also live in a community of elderly people who do n't like technology so i guess i do n't count
that would be lit and that was when the magnum was fuckin lit
i still have n't been able to make sense of what the fuck a key worker '' actually is .
a few mates in the it business got reclassified as key workers by their jobs ages ago just in case they had to go on site .
the problem with the blm organization is that not all black lives matter to them .
they only care about the ones they can use for their own political gain .
do some research and see how many black people have been killed at blm events by blm protestors and you will notice that not a single time did blm step up and try to get justice for the lives of those black people .
i guess to them some black lives mater more then others .
of course that should n't be surprising since their entire history has been about how they could exploit the deaths and suffering of black people to their advantage .
e unul din cele mai triste adevaruri coruptia care de 3 decenii ne ingroapa satele si oamenii din ele oameni pentru care singura sansa este sa munceasca ca niste sclavi in strainatate .
cine vrea oare sa isi lase copiii mici acasa si sa culeaga capsuni ?
nu sunt niste oameni educati si sunt susceptibili discursurilor fornaitoare cu tenta religioasa/nationalista .
ca as nu mai zic ca aceasta lipsa de educatie este privita de sus de multi dar care e cauza ei ?
cati dintre it-isti au ajuns ce sunt fara sprijinul familiei ?
pentru toti acesti romani care reusesc in viata sunt zeci care se zbat de pe o zi pe alta si din pacate cand vine vorba de alegeri sunt cam ai nimanui .
nimic psd are grija doar de pensionarii sai speciali si de bugetari micile rotite ale marii masinarii de supt banii statului .
meh pnl nu stiu exact pe cine au ca public tinta dar sunt cam aceiasi ca ai psd-ului .
usr este un partid pentru tinerii care vor un viitor in tara lor dar acesti oameni nu sunt in tara lor cea mai mare parte a timpului .
asa ca daca vine un partid alianta pentru unirea romanilor ti se pare al naibii de tentant asa promisiune .
pentru ca noi ii impingem in acea directie fiecare partid face politica pentru felia lui si la dracu ' cu restul .
but i think it 's better for the two parties to split .
i mean if he still can help us till then good .
but we need to go for players with better mentality and who are harworkers .
and i have to say i trust ole to choose the players with the best mentality .
i 'm sure there are dozens of little things as well that are harder to notice like weight reduction in many places and less parts for the body .
my guess is that they are waiting for the new battery pack as part of the frame design for the refresh .
i want to pull for c4 razor but i 'm scared i might get zhong li .
unfortunately i have a distant family member exactly like this .
used to be a big supporter but turned off him when he did the evolution debate because it shows he does n't understand science '' .
i do n't normally like ocean-y scents but because it 's outremer i really want to give it a try .
my symptoms always decrease when i walk or exercise .
exercising triggers your body to produce an anti inflammatory response which might have something to do with it .
i think my muscles in my pelvis get tight from sitting for too long and then walking loosens them up .
counterpoint you only see the playlist as stale as you 've overplayed it .
your argument about new players does n't work as it 's all new to them .
yes ik but you see mary beth want let kelbee see my dad anymore for no reason and idk why
can totally tell this is filmed in europe because the two individuals correctly identified the object as a meteor rather than a space alien
plus the lack of a repetitively addressing a divine entity in form of oh my gosh !
on the economics the decision should be quite simple wait .
you 've earned medicare coverage over the course of your working career .
medicare supplement plans can help you further optimize your coverage and diminish the financial wallop of your anticipated surgery s .
california does not enable beneficiaries anytime '' guaranteed issue of medicare supplement policies which may or may not be a decision factor for you .
what it means is that if you do not choose a medicare supplement policy when you 're first eligible and decide later that that 's what you want your health status may mean you pay higher rates for coverage or ar unable to obtain supplement coverage at all .
medicare advantage plans may provide even greater economic value for you but given where you will be coming from to medicare coverage options that additional value may not be all that crucial to you .
given the information you 've shared your cost of coverage could drop by a couple of thousand dollars per month .
you read that right per month while the generosity of your coverage improves .
you also have the opportunity to change your coverage choices at least annually with no concern about satisfying health status thresholds .
you 're right about the i 'm a dragon and only dragons can stand up to tigers '' moment being really awkward .
i even winced at that but maybe it was kind of meant to be that way in addition to the naming connection ?
if i ever get married both my spouse and i are keeping our last names ...
this is a daily occurance in my house but only with the silverware drawer .
then little crumbs get inside and you have to take everything out to clean it .
i think the issue is that lots of people did n't think o was a good coach to begin with .
maybe they were temporarily dissuaded from last year and to a lesser extent the year before .
but now they are remembering why they never wanted the guy in the first place ...
yes my complaints are crucible oriented for sure but the other thing regarding pve is that the class just is n't that fun to play vs other classes imo but like you said it is the most viable .
try to mentally organize so your lh is only going one way .
for example i like to think of my lh as darting out to the left and falling back to center .
so my effort goes into getting to the bass and the chords are sort of a home .
my lh is only ever going left in my mind i do n't think about the movements to the right .
remember that while it is very flattened the left arm still traces an ellipsis when it plays wrist is slightly lower moving to the left slightly higher moving to the right .
i always thought this game was super immersive but damn .
try flashing your usb with popsicle etcher gave me some issues but popsicle just works i 've got an nvidia card too
congrats i just started playing ranked again like to days ago and i 'm super close to pride trooper cuz i kinda stopped caring but might have to start grinding to try and catch u up 😈
one way to overcome your struggle is to have much better time management .
it doesnt have to be planned but of course you just need to know what should be the first important task to do .
you must also avoid distractions in your study environment .
read the lesson before the class and take note of questions youre gon na answer in discussion .
a hipster for preferring to use film and watch movies in a movie theatre ?
rian johnson and pt anderson are like that but they do n't get accused of causing hundreds of thousands of deaths .
but when i go into the appropriate set it 's like i do n't have any of them .
none of the 4 sets requiring jerseys will find the ones from my collection or the auction house no matter what i try .
to the tune of lil troy wan na be a baller
if you are n't having fun take a break but i 'm not seeing the meta you are talking about .
while i suspect he 's being facetious driving games really helped my driving in bad weather
hahaha this should n't have made me laugh so much .
post chapter 123 is fantastic but the bar was set too high in previous arc .
ymir what alliance going to do whereabout of eren and zeke and tons of questions from previous arc .
but monthly release turns our eager and passion to thoerycraft and suspicion ended up some of us dislike the arc .
i am holding my opinion aside till we see the end but i will be faithful that isayama know what he is doing
i think a lot of the bonehead stuff i 've seen lately is someone who hasnt been behind the wheel for weeks or months .
? s might actually be hosting a playoff game this year
well it 's technically not fraud it says it in the description so i think you 're honestly just screwed .
they should have a rock wall and behind the stove and a platform underneath it .
one deer head is acceptable ish in a cabin but this is overkill .
does it smell like fresh components out of the box ?
i do n't really see it as unpopular '' so far she 's seem really great so far !
il have to ask my dad i can look at our copy
it 's a mod that goes on legs and it costs 0 energy now in beyond light .
i do n't know if new light players have it unlocked already or if they have to unlock it from banshee-44 .
if you do n't have it keep an eye on banshees wares until he sells it
indeed that 's a great historical example of best intentions going counter to my instincts .
i admit i do n't know a ton about the french revolution but i do know a bit more about american history .
i might argue that the american revolution is something worth comparing and contrasting as a liberally-informed movement that seemed to meet it 's stated goals or at least spiraled away over a longer time period .
to your second point american history definitely bears this out vis a vis the federalist papers and the supplanting of the articles of confederation .
i have tmobile and i absolutely despise the service i get with them in phoenix .
the last 2 years were the worst by far .
i will sit with 5 bars of lte and nothing will load for me on the internet .
after numerous useless calls to them i 'm pretty much done .
thinking of switching to verizon but the fact that a behemoth like verizon does n't give me any international coverage is a huge pain point for me .
yeah and the insane temperature drop from outside to inside would probably be enough to end it .
nah that 's just a dad joke cuz in honesty they are doing the fattest nut and they will be a father within the next 9 months
pittsburgh lost this game because the refuse to run the football .
they let washington back in by not controlling the clock with a run game .
hello u/accomplished_pen_689 your request appears to ask for moral judgment .
per our moral judgment rule https www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/ivahe5/meta_autoremoving_moral_judgment_threads_also any requests for moral judgment generally any yes/no questions will result in the removal of your post even if you ask for specific advice as well .
please remove any questions that ask for judgment of a situation again yes/no questions and instead request specific advice that could not possibly result in a yes/no answer .
we may not include messages such as this on future moral judgment removals for your awareness
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
or bronny can just say he 's not signing with anyone but lakers so no other team will pick him
a major reason people do n't like the medium in general is the whole sticky situation about having to be in thematic locations to channel spirits
actually for as petty as it sounds my biggest issue is actually shared seance .
other classes have things to prepare in the morning like clerics praying for their spells or wizards studying their spellbooks but none of them require the party to join in .
basically i would n't mind it so much if you could have your seance in parallel with other people 's preparations and it 's why i do n't hate things like the spirit dancer .
but unless it 's specifically an occult campaign or the party is otherwise fine with it i do n't like how shared seance works .
you 've yet to post anything but total shit that 's been debunked .
i might have to hit you up after the holidays !
cops ca n't just roam around and start kicking in doors .
so glad there are others out there that can teach !
now to get aiwfciy to number one next week and oh santa !
generalize across all people of a gender race or ethnicity .
ask for us to defend/justify other people 's behaviors .
assume that all people in a gender race or ethnicity do/think something .
ask for male equivalent '' '' female equivalent '' as these would not exist for most things due to different cultural processes .
http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen subject=why+was+this+removed ? message my+submission https www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/k8u692 was+removed+and+i+do+not+understand+the+reason+given+by+the+mod+who+acted upon+it .
if you are messaging about your removed comment or post please include a link to the removed content for review .
you can do a handful of them in custom games alone .
do you have someone trustworthy and levelheaded you can confide in in person ?
disinhibiting yourself with drink or weed can unlock thoughts you repress but doing autopsychotherapy by getting high is a bit like trying to piece together a jigsaw puzzle with your ass .
without knowing anything about you or what the voice accuses you of it 's impossible to know if it 's happy-accident self-reckoning or weed-anxiety rumination .
if any of those refund dollars are student loans they are absolutely not hers well except parent loans but i 'm guessing if there had been parent loan funds you would have said .
if there are loan funds of any kind you will be responsible for paying them back so do not allow her access .
if you have more refunded to you than you need this semester or school year use it to reduce the amount you borrow in future semesters .
i think you have some great ideas here for how to deal with this situation .
now i want to give you a little lesson because i think it 's important that you understand .
the fafsa is the form you use to apply for federal student aid .
schools use the results to award state aid too .
those awards range from federal and state grants possibly some need based scholarships work-study student loans etc .
your award is made up of specific types of money your award letter shows you the break down and the type of money that pays your tuition and fee bill and gets refunded to you is one or more of those types of awards i listed above .
you should always know exactly what type of aid you 're getting and if any of it is loans you need to keep track of the total balance owed .
not paying attention and understanding is what gets many kids in trouble with loss of funds or too high of a loan balance .
if you 're in college you 're smart so do yourself a favor and figure this out and you 'll be set for the next 3-4 years !
i think seven million ca n't be topped in my books for multiple reasons
dude i need both my hands to count all girls in love with kiyotaka .
ps i read the ss indeed it may be a hint of romantic feelings or not thing is she does n't change the way she intects with him after this so probably it was n't romantic feelings but can go either way .
basically she feels her heart racing thinking that she wants to be recognized by him .
damn two of the classiest players in the league getting it on against each other
is this why the gallon of milk i bought today cost 7 ?
man it feels like it does n't go very far these days
yeah something along those lines best i can remember is that antifa doxxed then ruined his personal life job loss/personal trainer left him antifa threathened to burn down his moms house because he filmed them doing some wild shit he was a netural journalist at the time .
another thing that contributed was when he did some legal action cant remember what againts the antifa leaders who jumped him and the jury closed the case as 'not enough evidence ' even though there were at least 4 witnesses .
they 'll need a new address thus having to purchase the game again .
so it is in valve 's interest to not really crack down too hard on it .
i remember back when i played cs you could just compile your own modified open gl dll with a few code changes and it would work just fine .
he thinks in the same way a slime mold does .
20k rhd and 100 robux please claim your prize u/rh1divine
can i see yours when you 're done mine 's in russian
i know firsthand how much this stuff can drive you crazy !
report an issue https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=pmdevita subject=vredditshare 20issue message=add a link to the gif or comment in your message 2c i 27m not always sure which request is being reported .
they do n't need a 4 billion dollar building .
i 'm a cowboys fan but i do n't give too much care to divisional rivalries and the implied hatred .
and the time they need a 3 yd pass they throw it deep on 4th down and turn it over
it 's pretty hard to disturb me but i cringed at every single post i looked at on that sub .
so i have been having this behavioral issue for awhile with my puppy where if she is sleeping or tired and you try to pick her up or even nudge her a bit she will growl snarl and even try to bite you .
since this has been going on for a bit what is happening is that your puppy is clearly communicating that he is uncomfortable with what you are doing .
and instead of listening to his communication and finding better ways to manage the situation you have continued to ignore his warning signs and pressed forward with what you wanted to do anyway .
this is the kind of situation that can devolve into biting because the dog has sent a warning over and over that was ignored .
your puppy is sensitive to handling and being picked up .
many puppies/dogs do not like various types of handling and must be gradually conditioned to accept it under certain conditions .
that means using a slow counterconditioning process that involves never putting the dog into an anxious or defensive situation but just little baby steps that are paired with lots of special treats .
in this case you might start with sitting next to her when she is sleepy and giving her treats .
or if she 's already asleep put a pile of treats in front of her nose and then wake her up with your voice .
then you might move up to a few pets in a non-sensitive place like under the chest while giving treats .
then touching her with slightly more pressure and going stepwise until you can slide a hand under her lift her a little and eventually pick her up .
this would be done over a period of days or weeks depending on her progress .
she must always remain under threshold '' meaning that she feels calm and relaxed throughout .
if she shows any signs of being uncomfortable with the process you 'll need to back up a few levels and move forward more slowly .
but for the time being if you really need her to move it 's better to call her to you or lure her if necessary .
try not to physically manipulate her in a way that she clearly does n't like .
sometimes owners of small dogs resort to picking their dogs up too much instead of teaching behaviors where the dog has more agency to act on his own behalf .
this is just a feeling that i have but i believe that dogs that do this kind of behavior can also turn out to have resource guarding issues so i 'd be on the lookout for that and perhaps do some preventative work in that direction .
a gender is a man or a woman and the socially constructed side of gender is synonymous with the roles and attributes that men and women are expected to have as distinct from one another .
one can be a feminine man or a masculine woman but one can not refuse to be a man or a woman .
you can transition but you 're still transitioning along a bi modal gender system where there are only two options .
hence there is no such thing as a nonbinary person
have you been catching the bugs and fish to show him ?
he needs to see five all together i think .
one should never practice martial arts unless they have a goal in mind and enjoys it otherwise he wo n't even try .
with that said send him to an mma boxing or bjj gym with actual amateur to pro fighters fighting out of that gym .
within 4-5 months of dedicated training he should be capable of fighting and winning against larger untrained people .
but he will likely need experience around people yelling or trying to intimidate him for him to actually fight like he normally could do n't underestimate a noobies fear .
in the future could you ask if they still plan on pressing the flamingo trigger to vinyl ?
you might also like the burros tail succulents they also form a similar growth habit to a compacta i got one recently and those are much easier to find than a dragon jade
i was at an outdoor party celebrating that we were soon graduating high school .
things were cool i was barely drunk and i had a tiny bit of alcohol left .
i left it in the grass for a little while to go pee .
i know one should n't leave alcohol and then drink it .
i guess i could n't imagine that in a small town someone would find an abandoned bottle with a tiny bit of alcohol in the grass and spike it .
well turns out they would in fact spike it .
i know i did n't drink anything else so there is no way i 'd actually get drunk .
still a while later i suddenly do n't remember anything .
my friend luckily saw me throwing up and the gang helped me to her house .
they barely managed to get me down to and into the car .
when we got home i tried to climb the window to find the bathroom ... and the next day i had no hangover .
i have gotten black out and throw up drunk many times and never have i had problems with getting myself home .
not to mention there is no way i even was drunk
and if i was i 'd be super hungover since i went to bed with a very high alcohol level .
it made me appreciate having good friends to go out with even more and wary this it could happen anywhere any time also where you believe it would be safe it is n't only dangerous in a crowded bar in a big city .
always go out with people you trust only and be careful .
for those of us that bought it through amazon is there any way to pre download ?
the fatima one is kind of funny considering she ends up doing a reverse b2/fco order right after
but how can we have le big tent if we hurt the feelings of internet lefties ?
but the atlas might suggest another adventure so that means new game .
so capture one express for fujifilm can only be active on one computer even though it 's free ?
how can you be so stupid to create 8 helmets ? !
maybe but artists change up their styles all the time .
for him i dont think its about getting the most fans .
i dont know that for sure of course but he really doesnt seem like the type to really give a fuck about how his music will be received .
it seems like hes just a really big fan of carti and wanted to have fun making a carti song .
bring your own water bottle and take a break from the mask and drink water nobody is gon na say anything or report you for not wearing a mask while drinking .
our rules were most recently updated on june 12th .
for more information and the full rules list please see this thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/squaredcircle if you have any questions or concerns .
agreed anything more then a month full is a waste
i think the meta now is dodge+melee to freeze people in pvp
yep i know and it was a quarantine joke my guy xd i 'm fine .
i 'm assuming now the majority of train passengers just have a little house set up on the train and are clipping their toe nails in their little vanities at the ends of the subway cars .
2 years of lockdowns by the end of this it will be 2 years worth .
you think the vaccine that the governor and the majority of the population are skeptical of will be quickly adopted city wide ?
we wo n't even have enough doses to get herd immunity if we wanted .
if you 're going to go around slandering the moderation team that puts dozens of unpaid hours a week to make the sub better than you all enjoy then we 're going to have a problem .
i seriously doubt abc corporate just picked names for no good reason and ordered them to make the cuts 538 management including nate were almost certainly involved .
it 's not too bad i 'm going to finish i just currently lack the willpower lol .
i do n't know of he will ever be a shutdown corner buts he 's been one of the best we 've had for as long as i can remember .
he had multiple drops that could have been interceptions and possible pick 6s last year .
wow i clearly have much to learn still practicing how to extend the scw grind as long as possible but this will definintely be my next port of call .
also do you have an idea where can i find homeworks problems and exams for this course the course doesnt provide them for free .
i have a left over tube from my last build 6 years ago should still be good right ?
only did it in wotlk so i 'd like to see what the big fuss is all about
i think if that 's how you feel that you should go with it .
if you 're worried about regretting it then do non permanent changes like changing wardrobe changing hygienic habits ect .
i 'm a big believer that porn can influence sexual preferences .
i talk to so many people who say that porn definitely added extra kinks and fetishes that they would not know or have .
and porn definitely changed mine as i 'm a pornosexual and i wish i could switch between genders anytime .
but i have stuck with being a switch or a gender fluid with out making permanent changes .
that is the main problem multiple directors that are on relatively the same page is fine but continuously rotating on different directors with very different visions is an obvious recipe for disaster .
i recommend that you wildcat7878 type empowers its own opposition instead .
‘it 's ' means ‘it is ' or ‘it has ' but ‘its ' is possessive .
if you think the errors which i found are incorrect please contact me through dms or contact my owner elitedamyth
furthermore for me personally and some other people i 've talked to about this it definitely makes the streams less enjoyable to watch .
honestly tired of all the folks saying how the girls should play according to their ideal way of playing .
we lost the chance to have special te-te moments between huke-papa and kiara thanks to this mindset .
then let them play however they damn well please .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo
seems like a lot of work for someone that does n't appreciate you .
you should focus on yourself for a bit so you wo n't rely on a future boyfriend as much .
being ll could make dating a little difficult but i 'm sure there 's a partner out there who matches your libido .
communicating your ll with a potential partner is definitely important though i ca n't imagine how scary it must be .
a thing i 've seen on here and the other sub are hl partners who are informed about their potential partners ll and assume it will change as the relationship gets deeper even when clearly told it wo n't leading to a blowup several years later .
that would be the biggest thing to watch out for .
also there are asexual dating apps out there i do n't know any but it should be searchable online .
the caveat to those apps being that if you were hl at some time you could be again and that could cause a problem .
if it 's the slogan the republicans would give it to make it sound bad like they did with the estate tax/death tax then it 's a bad slogan .
to the poster if you 've submitted an image of food add a comment explaining what in particular makes the food in your image healthy '' .
it would be nice to also provide a recipe .
to all participants a couple of reminders before you join in
nutrition is not a solved science and diet approaches are often based on individual needs and circumstances .
this sub caters to all approaches to what is deemed healthy '' .
each pov has the opportunity to share info within the rules .
sometimes we get more of one pov than another but the waves come and go .
do n't generalize other participants or even the subreddit itself just because you do n't get the votes you want or because others disagree with you and certainly do n't attack anyone for it .
you do not have to agree but educate your pov rather than berate them for theirs
per our reddiquette rule do n't engage in insults trolling or other antagonistic behaviors towards anyone in this sub even when others break the rule .
crusading diet shaming food ethics morals and absolutism are not allowed .
diet warriors this is not the place to camp in wait to bash others with your beliefs
do not add comments calling food disgusting gross or any other non-constructive criticism .
do not claim foods as non-healthy without citing studies with links .
do n't make assumptions about the ingredients the portions or what kind of diet the poster has needs
if things get ugly counter points with science never insults .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/healthyfood if you have any questions or concerns .
it came to austria and google is selling no pixels here either .
btw i take spring valley high absorption magnesium glycinate .
while you keep on thinking about hypothetical dictators i think it would be more practical to focus on the real situations at hand .
meaning that it 's far too easy for anyone let alone kids to get their hands on weapons that could cause mass destruction .
surely the most basic requests to register those types of weapons and make sure that the buyers/owners also commit to a code where they can prove responsibility through training in terms of handling and safety at home it really would n't be too much to ask .
just moved into this rental and believe it or not these are the after pictures of scrubbing down the panels and nooks two separate times .
i just used a combination of dish soap cif or jif and a scrub brush rising with hot water .
a lot of these areas are hard to reach so i could n't scrub as well as i would 've liked .
it is a well known fact that the library has infinitely spawning enemies
i do n't remember that being a fact or it being discussed at all .
in halo 2 you can just blast your way through enemies easily with the beam rifle
trying to get consistent headshots is already tedious because people screw up at times .
also trying to do that when there are other high priority enemies that can instakill you makes that tedious job a hell of a lot more frustrating .
i 'm not sure since definitely not a doctor just a ux designer .
i only know the effect i 'll have to leave the cause to people who made it through a few degree programs 😬
up until twilight taylor lautner was always sharkboy to me haha
this does n't make me feel any different than when a redditor goes and spends an equivalent amount of money on similar products then to seek internet points with a picture .
unfettered access to the entirety of mankind 's knowledge has made us in many ways dumber than ever .
thank god i 'm not the only one who noticed this
colorado beat me in last years national championship which was pretty cool actually this year i was one of their losses .
utsa was 11-0 this season before loosing to texas in the final week .
me picks master yi with a lot of tank bans on both ends
honestly though my dog does n't have complete free roam he does have a pretty good area to roam .
never had a problem with anything other than maybe a tick once a year at most .
i think op is saying that is a reason they do n't deserve one not the reason they did n't get one .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memesita if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm pretty sure it 's some sort of old manure spreader
i 've been trying to figure out if i 'm an s or an m lately
sitting on rupies is fine sitting on tails/masks is not .
you literally ignored what i said and basically discarded how i felt about the 2.0 changes .
i 'm done discussing here because this is getting nowhere .
she 's about as native as i am and my great grandparents emigrated from germany .
some people hate halos because they cause overpay '' well in my opinion halos actually help our royale high trading economy why ?
well my reason is because most traders goal is to get halos and without halos there would be no reason to farm and work hard what about sets '' sets come back almost every year so why would we get hyped over something so small '' ?
im not saying overpaying is good im saying that halos are not bad items people can use them as bad/scamming or flexing but the general trading concept of halos is not bad at all and gets us hyped about playing royale high ! so if you hate halos think again.. they are keeping our economy alive !
i hope you guys enjoyed my opinion and go check out my other posts if your trading a halo 3
does anyone have any tips for getting platinum i get so close every season and have a 1.4 seasonal in gold i just always encounter ddosers or mnk players i usually duo queue with my friend any tips ?
since new items came out i have n't tried that pick but is there some tank build already ?
i came here because i do n't know if i 'm being unreasonable or not as i 'm not very versed in relationships .
sorry if the formatting is weird or any grammar mistakes in english !
i recently got into a serious relationship with someone and i like them so much .
it 's been a time since i 've dated seriously which he knows .
however i feel like he spend a lot of time on discord when i am at his house .
he works from home during which time i will sit in the room with him and silently work on my own stuff this was his request .
during his work he can use discord to talk to friends at the same time he is on the clock without any trouble .
so most of the time he will talk to them while a few times turn and talk to me or just blow a kiss .
then when he gets off work he will stay in call with them while playing game or just talking even though we have n't interacted really for at least 2 hours sometimes 6 hours .
not even a kiss or hug he will also sometimes leave while we are playing game cuddling or watching tv to talk to them for 15-30m about games they are currently playing .
after he is done he will be the perfect loving boy give me attention and affection .
a few times a week he will play game with his friends for several hours up to 5 straight .
i do n't live with him but i do spend much time with him .
am i unreasonable in being not happy about this ?
i obviously do n't want to draw him away from his friends or be too attached .
when im in a gunfight vs bb my muscle memory tells me to aim head level .
but in his case whth the face shield do i have a better chance of winning against him by shooting him in the face until his shield break or shoot him in the stomach ?
to me they sound as they should n't match unless the cleric is corrupt .
can someone explain me how trickery domain clerics work ?
the game according to me episode 60 recap of week 14 of the college season week 13 of the nfl season
the game according to me is a sports-based podcast where i aj trip will talk about the big stories going on in the world of sports and wrestling .
during the football season there are weekly episodes and throughout the rest of the year its whenever i can.
recap of week 14 of the college season week 13 of the nfl season
these are the 2 lenses i am looking at i previously had the 17-50 until i emptied a bottle of water into it lid fell off whilst in my bag and now it has some fungus on the inside .
i know how good the sigma is but wondering if the 17-40 f4 will be better or worse on this camera if anyone has any shots with the 17-40 on an 80d please do drop them below !
id like to get them to sync but i can not see the ram in the rgb fusion program
no one is probably even going to read this .
getting out of bed bathing keeping up with schoolwork .
the only time i even get in the bath is when i have to go out .
i 've stopped caring for myself i see other girls working out eating healthily doing skincare but i do n't do any of that .
everything is a struggle and i have daily depressive and suicidal thoughts .
it does n't help that i ca n't even really walk alone because my anxiety is so bad that i struggle with even talking to people .
i have one best friend who i 've known for years but we 've drifted apart .
i have a boyfriend who i love insanely but to be honest he 's been treating me really badly and i can tell he does n't really love me .
i live in 3 bedroom house with 6 other children and 3 adults .
when i do muster the strength to have a bath i 'm getting shouted at for taking too long .
we do n't even have a bathroom door because my brothers have anger issues and kick everything they see when they 're angry .
it 's constantly messy my mum is really depressed and it breaks my heart to see that i wish i could help her but i have no motivation either .
im a 16 year old girl but my bedroom is decorated red and yellow and has cars on because it was my brothers old bedroom and we do n't have money to redecorate .
social workers are constantly in our lives and we 're at risk of being put into a care home .
i feel like everyone hates me and is judging me wherever i go .
everything is just a big mess and i wish i could do something to stop the big mess but i ca n't .
i want to help myself and make myself better but i ca n't .
i really do n't know what to do anymore .
i do n't know why i 'm writing all this .
also sorry if this is the wrong community thing to post this on this is my first time posting to reddit and i 'm only posting because it 's anonymous .
does anyone know if shareplay works with trap team on ps4 ?
my recruiter told me that rf transmissions is the only thing left in cyber which i was told by q friend was not cyber and has a 15k signing bonus but i wanted to get into the cyber field .
also because my degree is in the computer field .
i have n't sworn in yet though and i dont know much about this afsc
all the recipes i 've seen are for sweet loaves but i 'm interested in a savoury recipe .
my interest was piqued when i chopped some sourdough on a board that had been used for chopping oranges and i enjoyed the combination of flavours .
i suppose i could simply bake a loaf using orange juice and/or peel instead of water .
or i could just slice some oranges and put them in a sandwich ...
so basically my precalc teacher is ass and i have n't paid attention all year .
do you guys think it 's possible to learn 5 chapters of calculus in t minus 7 days ?
i made the comment in a post in twoxchromosomes that said if a woman hits me i 'm gon na hit back .
does this make a bad person because i swiftly got perma banned from the sub ?
he only has one 1 interview and its old .
i 've started investing in bitcoin 3 years ago and my thinking up until recently has been that i 'm investing in something i believe in in order to maximize my dollar position .
after going through the deep end i 've realized that i 'm playing the wrong game entirely .
the goal is not to maximize my dollar position .
the goal is to maximize the amount of bitcoin i have .
conversely waiting for btc to drop in the hopes that i get a better deal for my fiat is like playing roulette and going all black .
it 's super high stakes gambling and i do n't like gambling .
the only rational move in this situation is to transition completely out of fiat into a btc only position .
so i got the game but i dont know how much gb it is right now .
i need some help cause i dont know if i can download it
i had saved some 3-4k of golds then suddenly everything is lost now ?
in public matches not in arena anyone face the same ?
hello i was at my local goodwill store and saw a barbers strop does any one know if it can be used on leather knives ?
just had a tie against a druid with the 'eye for an eye ' secret .
what happens is that you do n't advance either your wins or your loses do n't pick any cards or treasures but can just start the next game .
i 've been doing a lenkov-verse timeline '' which features the chronology of events from hawaii five-0 macgyver and magnum ... but i 'm having trouble reconciling the mac timeline .
from what i understand unless we see a date on a computer screen newspaper phone or other object the unspoken rule here is that the show takes place at the same time or around the episode 's air date .
in season 4 we start out 18 months later '' which i am assuming was 18 months from may of 2019 .
riley even confirms that it 's been a year and a half in the second episode of the 4th season .
that would place the beginning of season 4 somewhere around november of 2020 .
we know that even if you did n't follow the airdate rule '' the earliest season 3 could have concluded would have been somewhere around the end of february because there are events in season 3 which take place in february of 2019 because there 's a wedding invite which confirms that .
the only date i could find in season 4 that would destroy all this is when bozer is at a film festival which proclaims that it takes place in late march of 2020 .
there are a couple moments which state that the show is now in 2020 but there 's no month given that i am aware of .
but then season 5 takes place 10 months and one pandemic later '' .
maddie confirms that it 's been ten months and says something about how and i 'm paraphrasing here they had to shut down due to the pandemic '' .
covid 's main shutdown took place somewhere between the end of february and now .
but if you do the math 10 months from the ending of season 4 puts them somewhere in late 2021 or early 2022 being that season 4 presumably started 18 months from the end of season 3 .
i am not quite sure what to make of this .
in order to build my timeline would i be right to just ignore the 18 months later '' bit in season 4 and assume that covid just retcons season 4 so that it begins and ends in february ?
because that 's the only equation that makes sense for me .
and before anyone asks i know it 's just a show and as the ending line in the mst3k tells me i should really just relax '' but this has been gnawing at my brain .
so i guess it 's time i tried writing a new ad .
i need know what to say in these things .
on most thursdays i play music at a friends house i am a bass player mainly but also play guitar .
i have a bit of an addiction problem with buying instruments i have 12 or 13 right now not that bad really .
i like most styles but country bores the crap out of me .
i love live music and go to lots of concerts .
i have a daughter who will be off to college this year .
we do a lot of things together lots of the concerts i go to are of her choice as the pic with billie eilish below will show .
we have done many other events as well like playlist live or seeing neil degrasse tyson speak and i have season tickets to broadway in atlanta and a wall of signed broadway posters .
i am not sure that i really even remember how to date really .
i like getting to know someone and spending time talking to them .
i do n't care about dinner and a movie .
the new criteria i have come up with for myself is finding someone i look forward to talking to .
if i do n't look forward to talking to you why do anything else ?
i know that i am not at my best when i am alone i do find it hard to get motivated to get things done even writing this ad again took forever .
politically i do n't like to identify with a side but i tend to lean to the left quite a bit looking at reality will do that .
i am an atheist living in middle georgia where people really believe jesus rode on dinosaurs to save their guns not even a joke .
i have also had these same people defend hitler to me .
i love to read but do that mainly on audible now .
i love podcasts and am currently catching up on matt and mattingly 's ice cream social .
my tv and movie watching is all over the place but i put on british panel shows to listen to as i go to sleep .
cats countdown would i lie to you 8 out of 10 cats qi etc .
the hardest thing about dating when a bit older is people have already decided many things there is less room to grow together .
so i will say that i am pretty adaptable .
i am also very open so feel free to ask anything .
i am not picky about age or location that can be fixed though due to my daughter being in school i will be here for a while yet
hit me up and lets see what adventures we can get into together .
i just went through a ui overhaul and i am trying to use weak auras .
every time i copy the import string from any of the profiles on https wago.io https wago.io i receive the errors bellow .
i have uninstalled and reinstalled i have deleted all my other addons and i 've even followed tutorials and i am still having the same errors .
hello i recently got leanan sidhe and im trying to practice to position my characters in battle .
i just mess things up and most of the time my characters are out of position due to this .
i consider the kendall series as linear and the sommer series as completely based on choice .
consider the following game involving a coin an unbiased die and a well shuffled deck of
if you get a head you can roll the die if you get a 6 then you can withdraw a card
and if your card is a king then you win .
i got the answer as 1/2 1/2 1/6 1/13 could someone please confirm whether that is correct ?
also got this new helmet added to my collection https www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/b07b67fsyb/ref=ppx\_yo\_dt\_b\_asin\_title\_o00\_s01 ? ie=utf8 th=1 https www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/b07b67fsyb/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o00_s01 ? ie=utf8 th=1
however i just read an article about fake products being sold on amazon and i am now a bit skeptical .
have any of you had any problem with gear bought through amazon ?
my name is hiba and i am a 14f 15 in a few days .
i like wacthing stand up comedy and want to give it a shot maybe even host the oscars
my main goal is to become a cinematographer i am just in awe at how they portray certain story .
just take tim burton for example had his own signature style .
and look at stranger things and enola holmes but suck you in the story .
the best part about growing up is that you make mistakes and you learn from them and they help you grow .
my goal as a teenager is to make as much as memories as possible .
adopt a new way to register their property anything is possible !
da li je neko imao iskustva sa kaznama za prekoracenje brzine na autoputu beograd-nis ili beograd-cacak tako sto mu je prosecna brzina od rampe do rampe bila veca od propisane ?
takodje sam cuo da postoje i kamere za brzinu postavljene duz autoputa milos veliki da li neko zna nesto o tome ?
i am a social media associate https asadtechdiary.blogspot.com with instagram twitter and seo .
i will always appreciate your needs in this sector .
i hope that you will hire me as a professional one who can satisfy your best outcome .
please let me know looking to buy about 20 or so .
i just found out i 'm pregnant a couple of weeks ago .
i 'm just wondering when others began to show as i 'm only seven weeks but feel like i already have a bump .
all the info i read about it says it is typical to start showing at 12 weeks and it is probably bloating if earlier .
well i tell you think if this is bloating then i 've never experienced true bloating in my life before now !
anyway just keen to hear other people 's experience with this !
i hope one off posts like this are allowed on this sub was n't sure if there was a daily thread and could n't see it in the guidelines .
i just finished my new build 5600x 3080 and the beta of minecraft rtx was one of the first things i tried .
i was floored when i maintained 120 often stable 144 fps in almost every world but now that i 've downloaded the full release i 'm getting terrible 20-30fps performance .
it does n't seem to matter which world i load or what rtx texture pack i use .
i 'm 25 and work full time and have no interest or experience in the medical field .
i am seeing a lot of reports of rising covid cases and hospitals being over run and understaffed .
this makes me think that volunteering to just being an extra body to help out would be worth it but for those if you working at hospitals would someone volunteering actually help or would i make it more work for you ?
the city was burning and the castle halls now breached .
the mountain clan had struck hard attacking the western capital of the kingdom where the princess ruled in her family 's name .
even though the castle was breached the princess had managed to sneak past the invaders and was now in the mist of battle .
cautiously the princess had planned to sneak through the city borders and to make way to the main capital to warn about the the invasion .
her trusted generals and bodyguards were dead and the risk of hiring unknown knights was too much .
but there was one knight who could help someone who was capable of smuggling her across but the knight had a stain on his name so he was banished into living outside the city .
somehow the princess made her way to the border all while evading bandits and the mountain warriors .
after days she finally found the village where the knight lived a barren place where only few took shelter .
the houses and huts there were abandoned and the wells were all dried up .
looking for the knight she found a little cottage which had smoke coming from the chimney .
walking inside she could figure that he lived there .
a man was inside the cottage chopping some meat and vegetables .
you must be truly desperate to come for my help '' he said as he slowly turned around .
so this was a short prompt about a princess and a dishonored knight going across the country during a war .
i have left it pretty open and vague so we could go on many ways about it .
i know it has been said before but now uphold have updated their interface to make it even less usable and removed the free transfers for amounts over 100 bat .
4 i just paid to send 160 bat to an external wallet .
how can a company who make such a great browser with nice ui and ux the whole way through ever considered that having uphold as the end point for users to interact with their earnings was viable .
until that is addressed then i do not think the project will go where it deserves to as it fails in doing the one thing it is designed to do ... .reward users for their attention instead confusing them and then allowing a third party middle man to take a cut the very thing it was designed to eliminate .
update even after paying my 4 fee 2 hours later it is still sending to network '' so you can be sure they are grouping transactions and saving on gas for maximum profit .
when each avengers had a mission that was not only the same as everything else we did in every other mission but also brought literally nothing to the table let alone anything character specific aside from the next to meaningless tease at the end of thor 's .
and yes the operation is about her but she still has an iconic mission chain on top of that .
however this time there is n't even a mission in the first place .
if it 's going to be that useless why not just have it not exist and give us the costume rewards upon completion of her operation ?
iconic mission chains should be just that iconic to the characters they belong to .
not just a list of meaningless requirements or copy and paste warzones .
they should actually mean something to the character even if its a single small mission that may shed a little more light into their character .
hi guys so i 've been looking into accounting jobs on indeed to see the different kinds and a lot of them want experience in administrative support or a/r and a/p .
i looked into administrative support jobs and a lot of them want 2-3 years experience .
i finished my first term of my accounting degree and currently work in the veterinary field .
any advice on which job i should go for to transition ?
hey i 'm looking for some flower waterers ! !
i can do 50k bells or you can pick out a diy 1-2 items from my tradelist or catalog list !
the only thing is i do n't want to trade any celeste diys for the flower watering .
please comment with your favorite item in your home can be a toy pet book etc and why it 's your favorite item .
i will be taking groups of 4 at a time
fucking awesome this exactly what i was looking to hear so i got on the necessities cool beans thank you so much
i had a pair of those for nearly a decade that i got for 75 on black friday and literally nothing could compete for the same price .
they finally died but i still think of them fondly .
i was just thinking about this the other day .
if i were on a jury for a case that involved police i 'd be extremely skeptical of their testimony simply because i do n't trust cops .
i probably should but the repair tech was a bit far from where i live so it would be hard to return it 😭
i think if there is space between each bed this will happen less
always love recommending it to other fans of the mopeytones
cg spots a person just standing on a roof and calls it out on radio zb then states 5 seconds later dont just stand on a roof it would be easy to clap you .
authleft still manages to be the most windbaggy of the bunch
i swear the only time io will notice a difference will be when the top of his dome hits the top of the imgur picture
i was thinking putting on ohlins full suspension and going to the yamaha champion riding school .
leak only active when washing machine dishwasher or sink are running .
i miss this i did n't even get to finish the grade bro i had so many damn events really close to when the lockdown started
i would love to let a beautiful lady destroy my insides and give me cuddles after .
i was inarticulate heart poof died from a heart attack .
how little self esteem one must have to sit through that piece of human waste 's racist tirade
we tried this and the officer looked up the rego and confirmed that the address is still his registered address with vicroads meaning he provided correct information .
maybe after another visit to the address we will go back to the police and insist that even though it 's his currently registered address it is not where he lives .
that is the difference between having a food stylist yes ... people do that for a living prep a food item for a photo shoot over a few hours as opposed to a fast food employee who has to throw it together in a matter of seconds to get it out to the impatient masses .
of course it 's not going to look as good .
you also could n't eat the one for the photo shoot since it has things done to it to make it look better .
those little cool drops of milk on the cereal ads ... not milk which gives a blue tint when photographed it 's elmer 's glue .
man everytime i see stuff like this i just love her more and more .
personally she 's my favorite character of all time .
though it 'll be interesting to see if intel/amd will move from x86 to arm and how that 's going to affect everything .
microsoft is already moving towards that direction so it 's only a matter of time before we do .
he said that it 's akchually purposefully hard to define ? ! ! ! ! ! !
jokes aside a love the part about being preoccupied with victim hood .
so all this because of defective equipment and he 's issuing a notice to pay .
so now he is given the right by the state to do whatever he wants to make sure she pays .
the problem is that the police stations have turn into for profit .
so they add more and more laws for us to follow that lead to dumb shit like this .
the point when she drove away and had all of her info he did not need to make it into all this .
so many different options than chasing her down and pulling a gun and tasering her for 80 .
if he is that bored at work then maybe he should be doing something that can help the world and not be the thug that goes and gets the money for the boss .
that is literally the best thing i 've read in a really long time that was so cute and wholesome !
strip clubs are pretty strict about physical contact between performers and audience members .
so the priests would finally have to learn to keep their hands to themselves .
you complete and utter simpleton all the women will be played by keanu as well as the men .
we 've found loveland to not serve us as a community
i mean sorry to hear you did n't fit in but it goes both ways .
ask not what your community can do for you — ask what you can do for your community .
steve irwin got close to dangerous animals he worked to improve the world and he 's not an adulterous rapist .
kobe dribbled and shot basketballs so he could be rich .
the other dude playing the piano said you stink and ca n't even play wonderwall
but let 's be honest this forum/subreddit is shit and is basically one affiliate marketing scam after the next .
as someone who actually works in ecommerce i have yet to find any good information and anything that seemed good would quickly turn into a paid ad towards the end .
everything i leaned was due to working in the industry i have learned nothing from this forum .
agreed i think it 's a bad showing and should n't be commended at all .
you do n't show up for 10 minutes of a do-or-die match .
they decided at 80 minutes to turn on and get focused ?
was a decent enough play through but wow did i not like the back half of the game .
i remember bringing up trans with my mother and she confided that she felt sorry for them explaining i ca n't relate to what they 're going through feeling stuck in the wrong body so at least i know she 's sympathetic in that case .
so i might try something similar but with nb and genderfluid thanks
perfective '' would have been better for that purpose then .
i do n't see how that would be related .
she is my style icon and i love her personality .
second favorite character on the show i think my top fave is rather obvious lol .
i think bennett got to her oooof bro no you acted like a child
i liked anything that could move automatically and crash into each other .
i think i got that from my cris-cross-crash hotwheels set .
but i did also like the fact they could crawl on walls
before i knew the context i saw a highly upvoted comment that said trash trash trash mother and thought damn did this woman literally record herself hitting her own child or something ?
if that 's the threshold for what makes someone human garbage these days then i 'm an entire sewage plant .
then just remove the ablity for the killer to attack or use their power !
all they can do is watch you tbag at the exit and suffer
this has occurred because your account has less than 500 karma .
for you new users karma is a measure of how many upvotes your account has accumulated during its lifetime .
we have instituted this rule as a countermeasure against new users who have not yet become familiar with our rules .
please note you can still comment in this sub and you can still submit posts to other subs to build your karma .
therefore no exceptions will be made for this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cursedimages if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's already more estery than most lager yeasts at low temps .
tony sounded like a jilted ex and you know what that 's completely understandable
to say that pete will be ok is not really to address our own anxieties about a number of separable things .
i agree with all of the ones you listed and would add to that other sentiments seen such as feelings on the admin bringing in new generations/voices and things like lgbtq rep at high levels in general .
the above was a comment i made a few days ago in reply to someone else and i felt it applied similarly .
i do n't think anyone he 's picked has been unqualified or anything like that .
but i do still have thoughts on the above topics as have been discussed here .
i have 5 normal comets i love to drive they are my favorite car .
it 's awesome and far more grippy but i like the squirrellyness of the original comet .
i have n't had a problem with the update ?
must have never been to the south or know what donks are then ...
there 's a local dude going by the name donk master with a 1500 hp chevy on ridic 24 or 26 wheels with stretchy tires drag racing think he has a youtube too never seen him swerve out even with that massive power so nah you wrong for that
he has more power but gets gapped everytime because he cant get traction with those ridiculous wheels/tires .
i 'd totally be down to watch my man fuck someone else .
we have employed a thank you '' system for submissions .
it 's very easy to use if a comment on your post is considered helpful please reward them by using the term ! thanks .
this will add a thank you count in the form of ω to that users flair .
thanks very much and good luck on your search for headphones !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/headphoneadvice if you have any questions or concerns .
i have n't heard even claims from republicans that the signatures were not checked when the envelopes were opened .
i 'm actually surprised this does n't injure their backs .
glad to hear other people exist who have antifreeze for blood .
anything over 65 is too damn hot for me .
currently sitting on my porch enjoying a stick at 26 degrees .
is there a less excited fan base of an undefeated team in the country than usc ?
thanks man i 'm definitely try to post pics of my progress
back to the dark dingy garage where i 'm staying .
so far no ones called social services or the police .
after my parents put in walls eventually a sink i thought ok maybe they do n't want me to pee in the yard and not have water or heat they then immediately gave me the eviction .
i 'm guessing a lawyer told them it was illegal to make someone live in a garage with no bathroom water utilties ... the constant mind games are so bad .
if i was concerned about downvotes i would n't be on reddit a little humor never hurt anyone .
retroprotection is going to be your best bet like the other poster said the owner dan is super helpful if you give him the measurements of the packaging he has a vast catalog of items he might have something that fits it .
your comment has been removed automatically because you either do not have enough karma or your account is too new .
you must have at least 500 post or comment karma and be registered on reddit for at least two months to be able to comment and submit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
if you believe this was a mistake please message the moderators of this subreddit !
you will not receive a reply if you respond to this comment .
men women everything in between and outside the spectrum or ungendered all together .
cup sizes are not static a 28c is a very different volume than a 38c .
sharing at least your bust and underbust measurements will help a lot with sizing it 's necessary even .
it should be unobtainable until they can fix the cheese .
i worked for my emblem and now people are bragging about getting solo flawless now .
imagine being a first time viewer and that 's how your portray your impact champion ?
unfortunately your post has been removed due to having a very long title .
titles should not be a wall of text because they usually do n't get upvoted .
keep your title under 100 characters and post again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/eropage if you have any questions or concerns .
dude i hear you and i 'm 90 off it but it 's important to pay attention .
this kind of stupid shit is gon na affect your life big time .
hi i have under a year of experience i will answer your questions .
she had to have been fired for taking the video at the hospital or some kind of social media and work clause in her contract .
yes she was being incredibly irresponsible but i do n't think your workplace can hold you accountable for what you do outside of work unless they signed something as the pandemic took off stating as such .
i 'm a medical professional and everything is we suggest you social distance outside of work and always wear a mask ... we suggest you limit travel ... . because it would be the equivalent of being told what to do or how to behave off the clock if they started saying you had to .
i know plenty of medical professionals still traveling particularly for the holidays and who also eat out on the regular im in texas and none of them are about to get fired even if administration or a director saw them out and about in person .
by posting on this subreddit you agree that you are over the age of 18 and only want people over the age of 18 to reply to your post .
if this statement does not apply to you or you disagree with it please delete your post .
if you have any question as to why this was commented see rule 1 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/furrykikpals if you have any questions or concerns .
how is the token system possible without a third-party like apple pay paypal visa checkout etc .
i went and had a look at it today .
i pulled the adjustment tray out and that as well was covered in a dust like dirt .
the switches in there were really hard to move probably from corrosion .
i decided to not even bother trying to power it up .
im guessing there 's a good chance the tube is long past gone as well .
it 's also been sitting outdoors under a roof but still exposed to the elements .
it 's been used as a prop for most of its life and will continue to be used as such .
this submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ? ''
reddit does not allow post titles to be edited so if you would like you can post the question again .
please write your title in proper question format and include a question mark thank you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
lots of sci most of which would probably be irrelevant anyway.😩
but i agree for op to contact mental health specialist
his haircuts and five o'clock shadow would suit you well .
yet somehow i have managed to run out of 3 loaves of bread and 2 packs of lunch meat..
aw man a good nap and like a week off would be tits
your sister is the one that decided to get knocked up and keep the baby .
she needs to grow up and deal with it and apparently your mom does too
i like how he introduced himself to coach as if he 's not one of the most famous rappers of all time
should you instantly counter once you make a defensive movement or should you take a split second to see the openings or if a counter is coming ?
also it would be nice to know a quote from a legend regarding this matter trainer or boxer as that just gives me a lot more confidence in seeing if a technique is right .
i think the time he leaked tilda swinton was 100 him accidentally not realizing that was for endgame instead of iw .
also i think gwyneth paltrow mentioning that pepper and tony have a kid was totally an accident especially after finding out she did n't even know she was in spider-man homecoming
they always point out that they opened their helmets when that 's so dangerous '' .
the computer literally says that the air is clean though .
they interviewed 1413 7505 applicants and had 968 offers of admission
fuck it feels like rutger 's is barely hanging on but hanging on nonetheless
what is the point of doing an onside kick like that
why would a state like georgia which is totally run by republicans allow for their state 's election to be hijacked by democrat shenanigans ?
if there was actually some there there you 'd see a state like georgia doing something about it .
but there is n't and so you do n't .
in fact quite to the contrary i 've seen republican georgian election officials denounce trump for his rhetoric because of the threats of violence that election workers in the state are getting .
you have no idea what you 're getting yourself into .
once you 've been warned without a lawyer would be not just naive or lazy but outright irresponsible .
do n't let the money especially hers ... get to your head .
since it seems like it was n't seasoned here is what i would do if i were you
1 buy a big air tight tupperware and put all the cigars in that with some boveda 65 packs .
one 60g pack per 25 cigars but it 's better to always just throw in an extra one as it only makes things more consistent
2 buy another electronic humidifier and set it to 80-84 and let it season that wood for at least a week but probably two .
3 reset the humidifier to preferred humidity and throw your sticks in
every single time i watch a twitch clip i look at the chat and ca n't help but notice the people who post like completely normal conversational comments like asking how the streamer 's day was etc and how it almost always get ignored .
twitch honestly has to be the saddest platform on the internet .
my massage lady says she got two girls that do n't know each other never met but they somehow ended up at the same clinic in miami .
she says she did n't even have to ask the surgeon because both of them had the exact same body .
she said the heart shaped butt was a dead give away and they both looked like this .
do n't worry about other people i 'm the only one who should be on your will .
pick some etfs as the core part of your portfolio
i love this even tho i 'm not gender fluid .
you 've tried to call me out then tried to act as though the vampire coast army list was some how ... .
accept this grow a bit as a person and move on .
you could depending on your views on the reliability of the internet install a bukkit/skript server addon as i 'm sure there is one out there that can solve your problem .
if you are comfortable using command blocks you can use something along the lines of
execute if entity p distance=..2 run give p distance=..2 cooked_beef 64
put this in a command block 1 block under the ground always active and mess around with it it was a bit frustrating for me it does n't seem to cooperate very well ...
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redditsessions if you have any questions or concerns .
any leads on this image discovered since the last time it was posted here ?
i forgot to take mine off the other day and slapped it into a 550 degree oven to cook a pizza and it came out fine .
we have more positive patients than we have ever had and they are coming in droves .
same but my background is rocket launch themed ... either the takeoff is gon na be successful ... or ...
hey i have some items from your wishlist do you have any from my wishlist https villagerdb.com/user/chefplasencia/list/wishlist
i think i had all the ct rates to choose from nuke wasnt an option though .
ask me anything but backwards because the bot is stupid
there should not be a competition for victim points .
i have been through a similar situation as you being sexual with an adult when i was 12 .
i do n't like to think of myself as a victim '' .
i wo n't ever be a victim until i am dead and until then i am a survivor .
i was not a victim of a car accident .
i was not a victim of an armed robbery .
it feels better to be a survivor '' than a victim '' as a survivor you have strength of will and perseverance .
as a victim to me it more feels like hopeless despair .
i think it 's better for your mental health to have a survivor mentality '' .
i did n't know until he said but it is true
oh my b i thought u were just selling puts out haha
it reverberates through the metal when attached to the frame
this little guy has more work ethic than most people i know .
do you have other big men to compliment nurkic ?
i 'm in shock every time i go to mcdonald 's it 's a culinary masterpiece !
on ps4 there is atleast 8 on the market from 420k to 575k
if you have the chance try morinaga choco chip cookies .
their taste and the texture it feels kinda like famous amos but with a slight twist .
back in my day we had wire for tails !
this would be relevant if texas had n't been mexico/new spain at the time of the the original vaqueros and included in their ranges ...
your post has been removed for not meeting the requirements to post .
we recommend you read the requirements to post here https www.reddit.com/r/fashionreps/comments/ct9t6v/karma_post_requirement_update_w2c_autocomment
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fashionreps if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
a dog knows what outside '' means sure but it 's not like it can understand what you are saying 98 of the time
can we talk about the ass backwards american healthcare system ?
a year ago had you ever used the term frontline healthcare workers '' ?
or frontline x workers '' where x is not healthcare '' ?
i feel these phrases are brainwashing us through media into panicked rushed decisions .
yeah but we already know and the fight happened a while ago now
this will make a fine addition to my peko collection
it should be held against them as a lack of appetite and determination because that 's what it is .
being scared to leave mummy due to maturity not saying this is the case here but the topic seems to be if this is the issue then a recruiter would like mark that as a heavy negative .
if it was mental health issues that are genuinely diagnosed and being treated and being close to home is a requirement unfortunately that is n't an ideal candidate to draft and would be a negative against the player .
sometimes life just does n't go your way especially with very very rare opportunities like being a professional sportsman .
also i do n't get the sense you 're arguing .
now that you mentioned it i do remember people often complaining of a failure to feed or buttons like ejecting the clip would get stuck or just not work .
overall people did n't feel like they had a great weapon just one that barely met requirements .
haha sounds like you had some typical marine corps hand me downs that went from multiple army infantry units for many years before going to army pogs then to iraqi ips before it came to a few usmc grunt units prior to it finally arriving at your infantry unit .
during those few decades armories had replaced many parts making it one hell of a bastardized m9 .
i 've worked hard on this style of image and it 's nice to hear that .
i can confidently answer this as i live in gig harbor .
assuming your new bridgesii buddy is n't already dehydrated you can place it by a window and forget about it .
i did this last year with a bunch of cuttings that i received after the growing season ended .
i took a large plastic tote filled 1/3 with dirt and stuffed in as many cuttings as would fit .
i left this be an east facing window and zero etiolated tips .
they all had roots by the time spring came along .
i also had a few in pots with roots like yours .
you 'll run into trouble if you use a grow light because the heat will cause it to lose water through transpiration .
also make sure it 's not in the direct path of a heater vent .
post a pic and we can figure out what kind of shape it 's in
she 's a good kitten most of the time but i got stuck with her when a girlfriend from my teens and i split up .
i 've taken good care of her as she is my responsibility but she clearly is n't done with me and i 'm allergic to her and she loves sleeping on my head at night .
this has been a core belief of mine for a while in a sense .
i think society is n't just too complex but too cognitively demanding .
you have to work harder than ever and it feels like we 're entering another phase of the industrial revolution where people regularly worked far too many hours and were exploited .
exploitation is at an all time high and it 's only getting worse .
there 's no simply path to just making money and existing .
everything comes down to a 4d chess move you have to make .
learning something from reddit what a delightful change of pace .
at least you got such issue for only cyberpunk i literally have this issue for rdr2 .
do n't worry we 're fighting through this together so do n't give up now ok ?
also i do love the meme as well as you have a great day and night !
its ok to be sad sometimes if you are just know that i 'm out there supporting you
sorry i 'm not able to retrieve sauces for this post https i.imgur.com/olosbkw.png .
currently i can only work with imgur and i.redd.it links as well as direct links to image files .
i can handle imgur albums as long as they only contain a single image .
you may be able to find the sauce yourself using saucenao https saucenao.com .
i do not mean to dismiss your knowledge or experience .
i just dont think it 's normal for me to travel less distance anywhere in guelph than i do on the heavily congested 401 in toronto .
at this point neither of us will really accept the other side .
my personal favorite is do vault missions but just grab all the chests then restart .
as someone else mentioned day of remains is also great i usually just switch between those whenever i get bored of one .
each parent gets a one time contact from me and that 's only after a major assignment such as an essay .
i do n't have kids of my own and my time is my time .
if i do n't get to you before the end of the contractual day then maybe i 'll talk to you tomorrow .
when you play any class in wow you need to use around 70 of your brain .
our librarians say the spirits they know of avoid him like there 's something wrong with him since he seems to prefer interacting with machine spirits more than people he spends an awful lot of time talking to the wrath of jaghatai 's machine spirit '' the scout explains making it seem like sigma 's presence in the warp is distorted or undesirable as a host
i 'm already seeing a divide with kids in kindergarten between kids with parents that can stay at home with the kids and ones that can not .
that grass shit they have for the healthy smoothies at booster juice
the products look cool and so does the site !
cried myself to sleep and yes my console shockingly is still working nothing got smashed
part of me hopes mazepin continues pulling off dumb shit like this .
at this point haas deserves to receive the bad pr because they knew exactly what kind of a person they were getting involved with .
the artist is michael whelan one of the fantasy art bigwigs .
i left food with a receptionist finished as handed it to customer since i know the place and never had issue before..but it 's my mistake .
i explained everything from the beginning to the end including the conversation and the location of cctv etc .
now i always send customer a pic if it 's handed it to me '' but they want me to leave food somewhere outside .
i do n't get it why they do n't change setting as leave it at the door '' ...
all these girls i had a crush on in high school are getting bigger 😭😭
this is worse than that time a guy i 'm a wilfork jersey did n't recognize big vince at a resort .
do not try to designate an area for sinseeker because we found the fight often got so hectic it would only end putting people in the way .
have a demon hunter or mage imprison/polymorph shade of borghast and do not cleave it .
this is because it gains a stack for every second it is cced not every time it is cced .
we saved lust for end of borghast beginning of hecutis because that is generally the most chaotic highest damage time period .
we were running 2-4-22 and our healers were running out of mana so we ended up recruiting another healer because those bleeds and tank damage were insane .
is shadow damage not bleed damage so the kyrian potion will not cleanse it .
in the north shorts and t-shirts come out for guys at 40f .
these crazy bitches will go out at 0-10f like the pic .
that is so hot almost like my dream dick.long as hell love the hair can not believe that has never fucked its perfect 10 .
the author does not say what you are saying because that would be irresponsible and poor journalism .
i just stay up all night thursday and watch it at 12am ... i have a problem
definitely a hater probably a dude who sulks at his lost privilege .
this is not a perfect world but periyar is the reason why a natarajan happened in many ways than people realize .
well i definitely like that booty can i get a taste ?
i was just so confused what the point was .
my initial reaction was that one of them was skim milk
all in favor of new weapons but what i 'd also like to see are variants of existing weapons that are for the other resource .
like bound melee weapons that scale off of magicka but are otherwise functionally identical ?
not sure how they 'd make staves that function off of stamina in the same way though combat staves do sound cool but they could do a bardic skill line like destro staves drum lute and flute that all share abilities but with slightly different effects depending on which one you use .
i know but i want to use the brightness key for even quicker access lol
he will literally stream cyberpunk for only 1 stream what do you mean
that is going to be a long journey then 😅 but i have nothing to lose so i will keep on going
it just feels like a lot of materials and awkward teambuilding .
pixel saria needs a trigod mask which can be harder to get than a diamond dragonfruit .
zcore needs to be evolved to get 5 sb which is another diamond dragonfruit that op currently does n't have .
yog saria and zcore all need sa to get full sb which means 3x super snowglobes that op may or may not have and a good chunk of points minimum 1,484 .
also lacks the full poison resist that allatu brings to dmeta .
it does bring awoken bind clear four board changers bi and tri-color for three of them though and damage absorb null .
only 4 sbr but 10s movetime 11 with dual fagan .
it is good to have alternatives and the team you 've suggested does have some advantages over the dmeta team though also some disadvantages .
fagan was n't that long after dmeta was she ?
i do n't think gunther would have much do to with sorting this out with the media .
if he did tho i do n't think he 'd speak much bullshit .
they do n't take taxes from your paycheck but you will owe .
i live in spain but the ‘p ' is silent 🥖
there 's only so many hours in a day ya know .
do you accept all cookies or do you want to customize your cookies ?
what is the distinction between beating a child and abusing a child ?
for revealing you can try him 1 week/position until you get the training report .
then start with the highest max skill and continue with the secondary ones .
there goes my opportunity at downloading banging music from hmvs ... gone with the wind https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ewbyycyg6na
det fladede ud i forhold til de foregående uger hvis du allerede er hoppet over en klippe og styrtdykker og derefter udløser din faldskærm stopper den dig ikke fra at ramme jorden den sløver dit fald .
som set på billedet ovenfor sløvede de initiativer i slutningen af oktober virus for en tid ifht de foregående 10 dage .
master are in space or on another planet/moon ... .. come on musk make it happen
i 'm on normal unemployment since march so close to running out and never received any email or correspondence about the benefits running out soon .
i have of course seen the discussions and news articles tho
i guess in other games people are only half focussed on what you 're saying .
in vrchat you 're typically playing in order to socialise and for some reason society codes people to believe that gender is an important part of socialising .
i like everything you have on in that pic ... you can take the rest off though but leave the heels on
got ta print your stats fast and fax them over pc gamer magazine for their monthly round up .
a rotisserie chicken is kind of cheap where i live .
2 of those and some honey mustard or bbq sauce and i 'll survive just fine .
it 's actually a hard question because i find it hard to think of examples of evidence that could only be explained by god existing and even more specifically the christian god .
i wan na say i could be convinced by certain things but it still would n't prove it 100 .
maybe if a priest could get god to perform some trick like turning water into wine or pick any miraculous event .
if i could find no trick i could assume at least that magic or the supernatural is real and it would imply god .
but it could still be a different god or something else harnessed by the person .
and then if prayers appears to be answered like you could actually study the effect of prayer on the outcome of events .
just by itself not enough but it would be convincing to me .
of course like most people i 'm generally on guard against magic tricks and trickery like that so it would be tough to get me to believe it i will admit .
especially because a lot of the events in the bible are impossible and there is no archaeological evidence for them .
to find that the flood was real would completely shatter my whole understanding of the world because of course the whole earth ca n't be flooded and then dry up .
where did the water come from and where did it go ?
and there would be genealogical evidence of a huge bottleneck where most of the diversity of the planet was wiped out .
but yeah i 'm not saying i could never be convinced in fact i used to believe in god .
but it 's sort of like if i asked you what it would take to get you to believe in krishna .
as a reminder that any encouragement to lie or to withhold information will result in a immediate ban .
you can also find information below you may find helpful or answers your questions .
if you 're not willing to read the below then perhaps joining the military is n't right for you .
head to head comparison of the military branches https www.military.com/join-armed-forces/military-service-branches-compared.html
top 10 things you should know before you join the military https www.military.com/join-armed-forces/top-10-things-you-should-know-before-you-join-the-military.html
getting settled the essentials https www.militaryonesource.mil/-/getting-settled-the-essentials ? inheritredirect=true redirect 2fnew-to-the-military
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/militaryfaq if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm allowed to argue just i ca n't deny that i am the asshole if people say i am .
so pretty much dumb lady and cop just doing his job the way he 's supposed too ?
glad i commented i may never had understood this otherwise
she looks like she 's in her 20 's .
do you have legend lampard and if so ... how big is the difference ?
living in a country where church and priests are above the law is depressive .
you need more than 2500**total karma to post here .
read this for an explanation of post vs comment karma
in the meantime feel free to post your oc memes in r/specialsnowflake to gain entry before you reach 2500
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
hi there i watched video full liked 18 could u return a favor by watching my video but do n't sub please
the pilot program in stockton ca was a total shit show .
you 've mentioned coming from a family of truckers .
perhaps its prudent to get your own truck then practice with a trusted relative .
when you 're on your own do n't be afraid to ask the receiving party what info they need .
research has shown me that different customers have different expectations it would be impossible to remember them all .
jeez that 'll be one hell of a wait .
i mean ayaka seems far enough but sumeru and the twins ...
how would you feel if you were in her shoes ?
would n't you want to know what kind of person your partner is ?
also the people telling you that you are too naive can peace out .
it 's all this guy 's fault none of yours .
victim blaming is so 2019 guys stop this now .
unfortunately your post does n't follow the recommended template in order to receive support from the community for the issue you 're posting about .
please use the template below when reposting your issue .
issue please be as detailed as possible when explaining your issue such as where/when stutters occur for example
screenshot/video of issue for example posting a screenshot of your in game graphics settings for a stuttering issue .
if you feel as if this was done in error please contact the moderator team through mod mail https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fescapefromtarkov subject=my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/escapefromtarkov/comments/k9noqt .
make sure to give a link to this post .
if no link is provided your message will not receive a response .
note abusing the modmail system or sending abusive messages will result in a permanent ban .
start collecting was a cheaper box with basically a random assortment of minis that most people will want to start an army with the catch is the point values were all over the place and were n't always battleforged ie sometimes you 'd have to buy more units in addition to even start .
combat patrols has a ready made 25pl battleforged army .
you can literally buy that box and start playing 40k .
so the combat patrol cost more but saves more on the units inside the box with the bonus of being a ready army in a box
just buy more mortgaged properties and rent them out then when they stop the wealth tax offload them .
the system would be gamed to shit as soon as it started .
or people would start to hold wealth offshore even more .
i 've always heard that we should start with a team we know .
but what 's better a really big team with no pressure to win know bvb or ac milan a mid table team with good players but low expectations fiorentina for example or a 2nd tier club that has a god-like team for being 2nd tier and so it would be easy to be promoted watford looks like that ?
yeah i noticed only lionsgate is doing the slipcover thing
a big pot of boiling water is your best friend in the kitchen .
that 's exactly why i do n't envy or watch nba lol .
the last time something magical happened was ai going full messi on the lakers in 2000-01 nba final game 1 .
or maybe cavs warriors game 7 with the lebron chasedown block .
then an lr agl candy vegito for a full lr vegito team !
that 's going to be a forward pass 999,999 out of a 1,000,000 times .
you know how hard it would be for the receiver running down the field with another person running at them to tackle them to throw the ball straight up without it going forward whatsoever ?
then throw in losing all momentum to stop and grab the ball without the tackler recovering or any nearby by opponents coming to get the receiver .
you 're talking about whether it would be a good job or not ... . but we 're talking about whether he qualifies for crb .
thanks for sharing your pictures they make my day so much better
when i was a kid almost the same thing happened to a hamster that escaped she found the actual hamster in her bed !
fortunately my mom was also an animal lover so it did n't freak her out she captured the hamster and it went back into its cage .
it 's 2020 we do n't admit we overreacted or that we were mistaken .
although there are a lot of accounting/business management positions offered for those types of companies that are well paying and well respected .
i 've been offered a couple of higher up positions for a certain male sex toy flashlight company..
i turned them down but again they are well paying and who has to know exactly what you 're doing or who you 're working for.. just saying
obviously a well planned vegan diet will be adequate for most everyone 's needs .
but let 's say you have a friend with anorexia .
it may be easier to rehab that person by introducing them to more calorically dense foods i.e meat rather than expecting them to tolerate eating larger quantities of food .
i would say that it is justified because the person is eating meat out of necessity .
have been hot topics lately—even credible mews sources are reporting on it !
the us election just happened and this year has been absolute bathshit-craziness ... what are your thoughts on this disclosure just being a last-resort way to distract everyone while malicious things are happening behind-the-scenes beneath our noses ?
i 've had ufo sightings and am super interested in these topics but it 's just getting ridiculous lately and frankly if any of this is legit—i 'd actually be terrified .
looking for the following parts for a cz vz61 mag release with spring bolt catch lever with spring and ejector with rod and spring .
looking to spend a total of around 40-50 but that 's not a hard limit .
the mountain bike i got came with race face chester pedals .
as a new rider i was wondering what kind of shoes i should wear with these .
will they tear up the bottom of normal tennis shoes ?
do i just need a flat-bottomed shoe to wear with them ?
i 'd rather not invest in mountain biking specific shoes just yet .
i just purchased a new ecobee thermostat and while trying to install it i ran into a bit of a road block that has me confused .
the wires hooked up to my old thermostat are labelled g rc rh w y. i understand rh is not necessary as it 's a jumper that is just part of the same red wire but clearly on this thermostat there is no wire c. so i went to the furnace to install the pek but when i took off the panel there is a wire there marked c. this has me confused .
the wire hooked up to the c on the furnace is white as is the w wire .
behind the old thermostat there are 2 white wires as well one hooked into w on the thermostat and the other on g. so i assume those two white wires behind the old thermostat are the same 2 as the furnace but again one wire is labelled differently .
the other point of confusion is there is a green wire on the furnace attached to g but there is no green wire visible behind the thermostat .
the last thing that 's confusing is the wire hooked into y on the furnace has 2 black wires attached one of which is attached to the old thermostat and one is behind the wall not attached to anything .
here are some photos of the old thermostat and furnace wiring .
can anyone make sense of the wiring and provide a little help installing it ?
i really do n't want to damage my equipment .
so there 's this obelisk '' in a university in quito ecuador .
i 'm super curious as to what it says or even what languages they are .
i also apologize for the image quality it 's sorta the closest i can get on google maps .
the coordinates are 0°11'51.1 '' s 78°26'09.2 '' w so paste that onto google maps and you 'll see the thing in street view .
lol anyone have any ideas or a better subreddit ?
i 'll be willing to bet most of the evangelical conservative christians have n't watched a full episode or two of family guy south park or american dad .
these shows do n't make fun of christians in particular .
they make fun of jews and muslims but nearly no one says a word about it but once a mockery of a christian is done it 's wah !
just wanted to see if this was a problem someone else has had or had solved for them recently .
my partner and i just purchased two new motorola one action phones to replace our old and beat up moto x4s .
i 'm currently trying to go through the customer support system to resolve the issue but after a week and a half now of back and forth emails ...
the main issue is that when we attempt to call each other the phones ring and when the receiver attempts to answer we immediately receive a call ended '' .
this has happened seldomly when calling other numbers but its nearly 99 of the time we call each other .
we 've done the multiple text codes to force switch carriers all to no avail .
text messages work and data has no issues we can call each other on signal
also my partners phone seems to have intermittent issues during calls with other numbers outside of the account where the volume of the speaker on the other end will either fluctuate really quickly or it is more likely and very rapidly cutting in and out hard to tell what it is exactly .
if we both have our wi-fi enabled the phone calls are sometimes able to connect
if the outgoing call has wi-fi enabled but the receiver does not the call can still be connected
if the caller does not have wi-fi enabled but the receiver does the call will not be connected
i will attempt a reddit request as i have seen it suggested on other posts .
one very hard argument against the et hypothesis in the ufo problem and even against the whole ufo thing is the anthropomorphic shape of nearly every ufonauts described by witnesses .
if we accept that ufos come from a distant star or dimensions '' how can we deal with this antropomorphic problem when those visitors are 100 human or humanoid beings ?
astrobiology would deny everything anthropology and sociology would say that it is a cultural problem anthropocentric or we inherit ancient myths or simply a total lack of imagination when making a hoax ...
it is one of the arguments of the sociological hypothesis of the ufos .
the question is why do you think they could be like us ?
i have straight b 's this semester except in once class .
i know that the really hard colleges need like a 4.0 gpa is this still possible to get later on ?
anyone else bothered by the fov decrease to the minimum during extended conversations with story characters ?
i get that it wants to create a more cinematic experience and give players a better look at the characters but during one of the conversations you walk and talk and moving the camera/walking with minimum fov makes me nauseous .
i looked in the settings to make it stop down scaling the fov but nothing helped and was curious what other people thought or if there was a fix .
the range extender setup with netgear installation assistant works best using correct process .
you can download and take help of assistant videos for installation .
as someone who is a bit new to the game i dont know what one can exactly do to enjoy/have fun in gta online .
when i looked through what it meant it pretty much described my general demeanor and with a some searching how i view dating in general .
i am wondering if your personality result describes your general personality and how you view dating .
it 's also for a bit of fun so do n't be afraid to try it .
it was like a survival horror game i saw a friend play at their apartment that has haunted me for years
there were like junkie/zombie or some kind of mutant tho people and they were clearing an apartment complex room by room and i want to believe you played as apart of a police or military squad
but the part that haunts me is once you get out of this apartment complex that looks like a typical druggie flop house type environment very grungy
and the baby dolls that i think i remember looked like cupey dolls attack you
i believ it was xbox it was about 2005 ish maybe 2006 i believe v it was a newer game then as my friend worked at gamestop and was a major gamer
i need to pick which to do to my friend i 'm giving her 10 minutes ish before i spam her and interrup her of listening to music
is there a way a user can send me an e-mail with the following parameters which will create a microsoft team after i approved this
e-mail body not required but like the users who should join
if there is a way with like powershell or something like this i 'd take a shot on it too .
i 'm a brand new s sgt and this is an option to me to get out of alcatravis and just need to know if its worth 72 hour days and exactly what am i doing ?
i know it says managing hvac and other maintenance but how much could really go on in a single silo sight .
i 'm takin ' a break from this project so as to actually make some progress on my thesis and today was supposed to be a day off little breather for shiftin ' headspaces ya know ? but i dipped back a couple chapters to throw in a line i realized i needed .
hi guys just wondering if anyone of you knows how to get blizzard belts ?
blizzara and blizzaga belt were added to the crafting menu but i can not find the blizzard belt there .
i am still waiting for my piboy to arrive but was wondering if anyone knows if it is possible to usb boot on the piboy and if so what the performance is like .
lightly gifted with a libra scale and some clothing items that suit her
iplast australasia pty ltd https www.iplast.com.au australia 's best range of plastic materials handling products and storage solution provider .
need a psychological thriller that is so fucked in the head .
i also need like a cool fictional book with interesting settings and characters like avatar .
i 'm a music producer and i want to start doing youtube for some fun and marketing .
however generally music production or music related content only appeals to other music producers and musicians .
its smaller the music community can often be annoying with self promotion and such its saturated and hard to be original and music production isnt the most exciting thing to watch
overall i feel catering to a demographic such as producers is risky and i 'd rather make content that everyone can enjoy any tips content ideas ?
my lovely siberia v2 just died after 9 years .
used almost everyday i just loved the headset the comfort the sound and that would n't hurt my dumbo sized ears .
i bought an headset for my office hyper x cloud stinger and they just suck .
do n't get me wrong they should be great for some but 8 hours a day with them on and glasses my head and ears are just destroyed everyday .
ended up going into a drawer and my v2 came back .
now without my v2 i have no ideia what to do ...
meetings 4/5 hours a day on skype/meet/teams/zoom gaming at the end of the day and podcasts all in between .
i 'm in europe and would love a 100€ class headset for my user case .
i remember a stand up joke about the comedian not wanting to have a black doctor or pilot i think the comedian was patrice o neal but i 'm not 100 sure
cuz i need to spend sometime so as to fill you up .
between july and september 2020 the khayelitsha police station had the highest number of murder cases nationally .
the station had 154 reported murder cases 24 more than the previous year and 48 cases of rape .
these are some views from men about gender-based violence in cape town 's townships .
watch the short film by samuel flans https www.facebook.com/innocent.cashmakerzcrew ? cft 0 azvf__qunltjbxtrb3xsec7ctpwqa5j1jrt1ft3nxvzphmnaikykrqstvgwdwilhaczlfgmcexsotmx60gr5be1qfitgaorctxibwo7pkwdsapsi5xyhr3s4tuwloom7ackfjy3wkf4cmkno8ftcrrvcpidgttyutcvtuzrkxaxsnq29h2dqfqyniyltellrduw tn k-r and alfa fipaza https www.facebook.com/alfa.fiphaza ? cft 0 azvf__qunltjbxtrb3xsec7ctpwqa5j1jrt1ft3nxvzphmnaikykrqstvgwdwilhaczlfgmcexsotmx60gr5be1qfitgaorctxibwo7pkwdsapsi5xyhr3s4tuwloom7ackfjy3wkf4cmkno8ftcrrvcpidgttyutcvtuzrkxaxsnq29h2dqfqyniyltellrduw tn k-r in partnership with bhekisisa centre for health journalism https www.facebook.com/bhekisisa.health ? cft 0 azvf__qunltjbxtrb3xsec7ctpwqa5j1jrt1ft3nxvzphmnaikykrqstvgwdwilhaczlfgmcexsotmx60gr5be1qfitgaorctxibwo7pkwdsapsi5xyhr3s4tuwloom7ackfjy3wkf4cmkno8ftcrrvcpidgttyutcvtuzrkxaxsnq29h2dqfqyniyltellrduw tn__=kk-r
i am trying to run whoogle as the subfolder search .
however nginx looks for the static files on the main site and returns a 404 error for all the css and js files .
if i run the service as a subdomain it works flawlessly but i would like to run it as a subfolder to avoid having additional certificate .
how can i tell nginx to look for the static files inside the subfolder and not on the main site ?
this is the second part of my 6 part series on how the greatest players in nba history perform in game 7 's and other winner take all games part one on point guards is here https www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/k7gpp5/best_point_guards_in_winner_take_all_playoff .
those who read that one can skip to the table because the next two paragraphs are just a repeat of my explanation of my methods and some of my decisions .
to do this i tried to find a general consensus of the 20 best players at each position ever by looking at various online lists and then comparing the winner take all game performances of all those who had big minutes in 2 or more winner take all games i also left out a lot of players from the 60s and earlier because none of the games are online and the stat keeping is too inconsistent .
i went through every winner take all playoff game that they played more than 10 minutes in on basketball reference and averaged their stats .
a lot of these games are also online especially those from the late 80s 90s and 2000s so i 've watched a ton of them over the past couple months .
i 'm not going to link to them because i do n't want them to be taken down but they 're not hard to find i recommend you check them out if this interests you .
once i had done all that i calculated the average gamescore of each player where possible generally only works for players from the late 70s onward and sorted each position by highest to lowest gamescore obviously gamescore is an imperfect stat but i wanted some sort of objective way to sort best to worst individual performances .
i decided to sort by position because i think its good to look at how a player compared to those with relatively similar roles and because i needed a way to stop this post from being overwhelmingly large i 'll put out a table with all 100 guys once i finish the series .
i put each player 's stats in the table below the number below true shooting is how their ts compared to the league average in the years their games were played and put things i thought were notable for various players below that feel free to just read about the guys that interest you i know it 's a lot .
last thing before we get started i decided to count game 3 's and 5 's from when the league had best of 3 or 5 first rounds .
i went back and forth on this but i decided to include them because i do n't think it makes sense to penalize players who had great games at the end of the first round just because they took place before 2003 .
like jordan 's shot against the cavs is n't worse or less cool because they were tied 2-2 rather than 3-3 going into the game .
it should surprise no one that michael jordan was one of the best if not the best winner take all players in history .
in jordan 's very worst game 7 a loss to the pistons he scored 31 points on 53 ts while his teammates scored 43 points on 31 ts .
in just his fourth season he scored 39 points and hit clutch buckets in game 5 against the cavs which was somehow not his best winner take all game against the cavaliers !
a decade later he almost had a 30 point triple double in a comeback win over the pacers .
in 1992 he scored 42 in one of the biggest blowouts in game 7 history .
but his crowning achievement of his winner take all playoff games was in 1989 when he scored 44 points and hit a buzzer beater to defeat the heavily favored cavs .
his shot is still the only series winning shot in a winner take all game when trailing meaning if it had missed he would have lost the series .
it is striking just how much better michael jordan is in winner take all games than any other shooting guard of the modern era .
the only modern shooting guard who was close to jordan 's level was kobe who struggled in game 7 's leaving no one who had anything like jordan 's production .
i think the fact that james harden is the second most highly rated modern game 7 shooting guard shows the danger of relying on gamescore or any all in one statistic too much .
with that said harden 's performances in game 7 's are generally better than his choker reputation would suggest .
he was very good off the bench as a second-year player against the grizzlies in 2011 he put the clippers away in 2015 helping to make up for game 6 when his team had a miraculous comeback while he sat on the bench and in 2018 against the warriors with his best teammate out he scored 32 points but he also shot 2 for 13 from three-point range and ultimately could not lead the rockets to the finals .
finally in 2020 he struggled mightily scoring only 17 points while being guarded by offseason workout partner lou dort but he still had a clutch block to prevent what would have been a game-winning 3 and then had the situational awareness to dodge dort 's attempt to throw it out of bounds off of him .
george gervin is an interesting case of a player with spectacular numbers in winner take all games but without the team success to show for it .
he matched dr j in the 1979 conference semifinals and led the spurs to a close victory in his first winner take all nba game but would not win another .
in the 1979 conference finals he scored 42 points including 34 in the second half but did not score any in the final 3 minutes as his team gave up a 6 point lead to complete a 3-1 collapse .
the spurs lost to moses malone 's rockets the next two years and in 1985 were blown out in a winner take all game 5 by the nuggets .
david thompson was a player with seemingly unlimited potential in the late 1970 's that he never lived up to because of his drug addiction .
he scored 37 in a 1978 game 7 against the bucks and led the nuggets to the first nba series win of any former aba team then a year later lost by 1 point in a deciding game 3 against kareem 's lakers but would not return to his previous form .
his numbers are worsened by his final winner take all game when he scored 10 points off the bench .
clyde drexler was the second best shooting guard of the 80s and 90s and while he had many great moments on the portland trail blazers his greatest winner take all moments came in games for houston as hakeem 's sidekick .
in 1995 he scored 31 in a 4 point win in game 5 over the 3 seeded jazz and then one round later scored 29 in a one point win over the suns .
that 1995 rockets team was the lowest seeded team to ever win a championship .
the one demerit on his winner take all resume is in final year when he shot 1 for 13 in a game 5 loss to the jazz .
it is not easy to raise your game in the biggest moments and that is something reggie miller consistently did .
he scored more and more efficiently in winner take all games than his career averages a rare feat .
miller 's most clutch performances in winner take all games were in 1995 when he scored 29 points to get a road win over the rival knicks 1996 when he scored the pacers last 8 points to nearly bring them back against atlanta in a game where he was so exhausted he was using an oxygen mask on the sideline and 2002 a double overtime loss to the nets .
in that 2002 game he had 15 points in the fourth quarter and overtime including one of the forgotten great shots in league history a 40 foot buzzer beater to send the game to overtime and a dunk with 3 seconds remaining to tie the game in ot before finally running out of steam in the second overtime .
of particular note in my opinion is game 5 of the 2001 first round when a 34 year old miller outscored a 24 year old ray allen a player reggie is often compared to 41-18 .
miller scored as many points in the fourth quarter as allen did in the entire game .
there are three main blemishes on miller 's winner take all record all in the conference finals an airballed 20 footer to beat the knicks in 1994 a 24 point loss to the magic in 1995 and being locked down by michael jordan in the 4th quarter of game 7 of the 1998 conference finals .
tracy mcgrady has a well earned reputation for playoff failure .
he never made it out of the first round and lost game 7 's in 2003 2005 and 2007 .
he went 7-24 for 21 in a blowout loss to the pistons in 2003 he and the rockets lost to the mavericks by 40 in 2005 .
he scored 29 points in 2007 his only good game 7 but the rockets coughed up a 5 point 4th quarter lead to carlos boozer and the jazz .
manu ginobili raised his game as much as anyone in league history in game 7 's .
his first ever game 7 was in the 2005 finals an ugly game where he was the only spur able to score consistently .
he was the second leading scorer in the game on 76 ts .
the next year against the mavericks he had a great game 7 where he scored 19 hyperefficient second half points and hit what would have been the game winning three but he fouled dirk nowitzki allowing him to get the and one and tie the game leading to a spurs overtime loss .
ginobili also scored 18 again extremely efficiently against the heat in game 7 of the 2013 finals .
kobe bryant was one of the greatest players in nba history and he also had a very interesting role in the winner take all games he played .
he was the opposite of george gervin in that he struggled individually but had great team success in game 7 's .
kobe 's greatest game 7 was the famous western conference finals in 2000 when he scored 25 points and helped lead the lakers to a 15 point 4th quarter comeback culminating in the famous alley-oop to shaq .
he scored 30 in a close win over the kings in 2002 but was inefficient as shaq led the lakers to victory .
in 2006 he was blown out by a far superior suns team after losing a brutal game 6 .
in 2009 the lakers blew out the undermanned rockets in game 7 though kobe struggled personally .
something similar would happen in 2012 against the nuggets .
2010 game 7 was the height of the individual struggles and team success that defined kobe 's game 7 's .
kobe famously went 6 for 24 from the field but he and gasol got to the line enough and corralled enough offensive rebounds for the lakers to repeat .
vince carter 's only winner take all games as a star came in 2001 .
in round 1 he scored 27 points to lead the raptors past the knicks then in the next round in the final game of his series-long duel with iverson he shot 6 for 18 and famously missed what would have been the series winning shot .
joe dumar 's greatest game 7 moment was in only his second year when he scored 35 in a losing effort against the celtics in the 1987 eastern conference finals .
in winner take all games dumars fulfilled his general role as a second option who played great defense but also raised his efficiency which is rare in winner take all games which are generally lower scoring and less efficient because of the increased intensity and more locked in defenses .
there 's a reason he 's called game 6 klay and not game 7 klay .
thompson struggled in every game 7 of his career except for the 2018 conference finals .
most notably he had 14 points 2 rebounds 2 assists 41 ts and the worst on the team in game 7 of the 2016 finals .
dwyane wade had 3 game 7 's when he was the team 's star as a young player .
he struggled in these games shooting 5 for 18 in 2004 scoring no fourth quarter points and helping to blow a fourth quarter lead in the 2005 conference finals and getting blown out in 2009 .
he played 3 game 7 's as sidekick to lebron and was quite good in these games .
he helped close out the celtics in 2012 with 9 fourth-quarter points and scored 23 in his finest game 7 2013 against the spurs .
his last 2 game 7 's were as a veteran on the 2016 heat where he was fine in smaller roles .
ray allen has a reputation as a clutch player and while that may be true he consistently struggled in winner take all games throughout his career .
in 2000 he was severely outplayed by reggie miller he scored 7 and 4 in the two game 7 's the 08 celtics played he shot 3 for 14 in a 4 point loss in the 2010 finals and he was held scoreless in game 7 of the 2013 finals .
his best game 7 performances were against the bulls in 2009 and against the hornets in 2001 .
both times he was the lead scorer on efficient shooting in close wins .
for whatever reason perhaps because he tried to do more than he was comfortable with joe johnson never had it '' in game 7 .
outside of a win in the 2009 first round over the heat he struggled in nearly every game 7 he played in .
notable lowlights were going 5 for 17 in one of the worst losses in game 7 history in 2008 and going 2 for 14 in a 6 point loss to the bulls in 2013 .
jerry west was unquestionably the 2nd best shooting guard in winner take all games ever behind only jordan .
he was astoundingly efficient for his era especially considering his high volume .
his finest moment was in game 7 of the 1969 finals a series for which he is still the only player to win finals mvp on the losing team .
in game 7 he scored 42 points and added on 13 points and 12 assists for one of only two 40 point triple doubles in finals history .
the fourth quarter of that game which the lakers would lose by 2 despite a fourth quarter comeback is available online as is game 7 of the 1970 finals which unfortunately for west was one of his worst game 7 performances .
sam jones was known as one the league 's first clutch scorers and it shows in his game 7 performances .
like west he improved his efficiency and volume in game 7 's but unlike west he never lost a winner take all game .
he hit the series winning shot against the warriors in the 1962 division finals in game 7 of the 1963 division finals he scored 47 points 4 more points than oscar robertson in the same game .
his 47 is still the scoring record in a game 7 57 years later .
in 1965 he led all scorers including wilt with 37 in a 1 point win over the 76ers and in the last game of his career he scored 24 points in a 2 point win in game 7 of the finals .
notably the lakers 4th quarter comeback in that game only really began when jones fouled out with 7 minutes to go in the game .
as he checked out of the game for the last time he received a standing ovation from the lakers fans .
i do n't have any special insight about earl monroe or hal greer 's performances in game 7 's other than monroe was able to lead a vastly inferior bullets team over the defending champion knicks in 1971 before being traded to the knicks the next year and that as far as i know no one had more winner take all games than hal greer without a win .
action checks to me i bet 2.40 bb folds co calls
it 's a super draw heavy board k10 gets there which is possible given the action but unlikely to jam here as i could of had trips which turned into a full house think that 's more likely to check-raise the flop with a flush draw out there .
i originally thought that co looked like he had a j and was trying to protect his trips vs a super draw heavy board but then since it 's such a draw heavy board i thought he had a few bluffs and if i always fold there i 'm easily exploitable .
i 've recently reinstalled and activated windows 10 on my pc and now i ca n't get rid of the activation watermark .
my boyfriend and i have been together for almost 2 years .
i understand an important part of a relationship is intimacy however in my last relationship i experienced trauma that makes it difficult for me to be physically intimate .
i know he has his needs but i ca n't help but feel insecure when i go on his ig tiktok etc and it 's full of naked girls and p .
i know i 'm not fulfilling his needs as much as i should so why do i still feel jealous/hurt when i see that stuff ?
he 's only human so i try not to be upset about it i just do n't know any steps i can take to start being okay with it or to know if anyone else is going through the same thing .
hi i really wan na apply for stella adler but even if i get accepted i do n't know if i 'm gon na be able to afford it i heard there are work study opportunitites so i 'd appreciate if someone gives me some info about them
we use discord for my university my username right is just my first name and a number and my nickname is my first name on one of the servers and full name on another .
i have also started using discord on different servers for online groups that i am interested in where i do not know the people in person and i would rather have some anonymity .
if i change my username it seems that it changes everywhere .
i understand that i can not be logged into two different accounts i do not want to keep discord open in a browser and the app .
is perhaps the best way to approach this some generic username like a set of random numbers and letters for my username and i just set my nickname on each server that i join to either my first/full name or something more anonymous ?
i just started this community but i really wan na thank everyone on here .
you guys really do care about one another and i hope it continues to stay that way .
so i had my account stolen from me last week and followed all the advice i could on emailing them at both emails and putting a ticket in on an alt account .
after this long wait i got a response on the ingame ticket asking for 9 pieces of information .
2 email address phone number or other 3rd accounts facebook twitter etc .
4 device info of last log-in and location （if it not matching no assistance
7 screenshot of all purchase must have to inclue order number of payment date and packages that recently of purchased if this account has been topped-up then this piece of information is required otherwise no assistance will be given
characters if you have 5 star characters do inform us of the name and level of the character
9 other info that could be used as proof of the belonging of acct .
i opened up a notepad and got to work getting everything together and went to submit .
i wan na be clear i was n't longwinded i was giving the answers to the questions and nothing else .
of all things i ran into a character limit on my post .
i got ta say it 's insanely frustrating and a bit unreasonable to not be able to give them all of the answers in a response because of a word limit that was pretty low .
i ca n't recall exactly but i believe it was 100 words ?
i 'll try to snag a ss when i can respond next i was able to answer 1-7 but i guess i have to wait for them to contact me back again before i can give them 8+9 because as far as i can tell there 's no way to submit another entry to my ticket without them responding .
does anyone have any experience with this am i just missing something obvious or is the ticket system as horribly limiting as it seems ?
they got back to me tonight/updated my ticket just to say they 'd be forwarding it to the development team and i 'll have to wait a few more days to hear back .
i replied with a screenshot of all the info so hopefully that is also properly passed along .
at least nobody can fault me for not trying ive been busting ny ass for this class
sent to nebraska center chicago lockbox 7/14/2020 took 2 weeks to arrive due to usps issues
uscis has accepted your application petition or request and it is under review .
uscis has accepted your application petition or request for processing .
note i did get a text when my case was received but did not get a notification when it was approved .
i checked multiple times a day so it was updated the evening before expiration .
i think the ruling and forcing dhs to comply threw a wrench and stuff for backlogged pushing approvals closed to the expiration date .
i 've always been very sensitive to being overloaded with sensory stimuli .
i ca n't handle a rock in my shoe or any tags in my clothing pretty much at all .
checking whether there 's a separate sewn on tag is essential before purchasing clothes for me .
i often wo n't buy it if it looks like the tag will be difficult to remove without damaging the clothing .
i have long thick hair so i can wear wool hats and i wear wool socks over cotton socks .
but i have yet to comfortably wear wool against my skin .
my partner uses knit picks wool of the andes and i just ca n't believe some people find it remotely soft or comfortable .
i 'm making my sister mittens out of it since she likes wool and i have to take frequent breaks because of skin sensitivity .
the only wool/hair yarns i 've not been irritated by so far are herriot fine by juniper moon farms alpaca and nylon and respect by wooladdicts merino alpaca and nylon .
am i just doomed to have to spend a ton on enough merino or alpaca yarn to make a sweater ?
i 'm looking for a good beginner-friendly book on gardening .
i 've done a bit of research but i 'm interested in what suggestions folks here may have .
if there 's not one already maybe this be a nice faq to post somewhere ?
i 've barely passed every single class that i 've taken in my life .
there was no way in hell i was going to get into college so i just decided to stay home with you .
i 'm sure you wanted me to go but it was n't an option for me .
it 's also pretty hard to say no to me when i really want something .
the most obvious part is always my body shape and appearance .
i have an androgynous face that leans more toward being feminine .
with long flowing bleach blonde hair that i get dyed pretty frequently .
along with my piercing blue eyes just looking at my face i look more like a girl .
barely above 5 ' tall makes me look even more girly .
and then you get to the rest of my body .
i have a completely flat chest with a slender torso that leads into an absurdly wide set of hips a fat ass that makes every girl jealous and some crazy thick thighs .
i have n't worn guy 's clothing in a long time .
they were thrown out years ago and now i exclusively wear girl 's clothing .
i 've even got a few skirts and some heels if i want to look nice .
and that is just the surface level when it comes to me .
it 's what most people think of when they see me .
a girly boy with a body that puts women to shame .
but being my dad you know a lot more about me .
you know because you 've caught me many times and sometimes i do n't even bother hiding it .
laying on my bed shoving a big fat dildo in my ass moaning like a slut with my door wide open .
it seems like my favorite activity to do other than that is play video games .
bouncing on a dildo while sitting at my desk .
sometimes i will join a group chat in game while gagging myself on a dildo .
most of the time in just a thong and tank-top .
i do n't care if you have friends over or anything .
recently i 've been dropping hints that i want you to do more than just stare at me .
my favorite tank-top as of late has daddy 's boy '' right across the chest .
all that 's left now is to wait for you to make the first move .
i finally got to hear that one the other day ... from more than one customer !
it seems that customers are getting more and more ridiculous every day .
the liquor stores i 've looked in only have some fairly mainstream plum brandy etc .
but there are some wonderful orchard-type fruit liqueurs that we seem to be lacking here even being surrounded by orchards .
also i 'm not looking for typical schnapps where they are lower alcohol and incredibly sweet .
and i used gorrila glue on some models on my tau fire warrior/breacher kit .
it is my first time buidling an army and i didnt realise that gorrila glue was not good atall for building warhammer minis .
there is some gorrila glue inside the neck holes where you put the head in and glue how wouldi go about removing that glue without damaging the mini idint have a hobby knife i used an exacto to get the spur molds off the mini
dlinkrouter.local https dlinkkrouterlocal.com are the best decisions in case of the distant switch modem-cum-switch d association far off extender etc .
at whatever point you need to get to the settings for the d-link switch use a web program and type www.dlinkrouter.local https medium.com dlinkrouterus/why-cant-i-connect-to-my-d-link-router-admin-page-f6b1355dba16 .
it will take you to the electronic organization page .
here you can manage the network settings and extra it .
at the point when you update the new settings for your switch it consistently takes at any rate 1-2 minutes to show the new change on your switch .
while setting up the d-link switch guarantee you can associate the switch clearly to the divider jack power source .
use the ethernet connect on your pc to set up the dlinkrouter.local to avoid dis-accessibility .
i 'm trying to redeem gamepass codes but it keeps saying that issues are coming from the store end but it 's been hours and it 's still doing this does anyone have any clue what 's going on ?
i 'm newbie here sorry if the question is too basic .
i am having trouble deciding which library/software would be suitable for my problem .
i want to detect collision between a 3d capsule and a 3d triangular mesh stl file containing around 60k triangles .
the capsule will be moving to several thousand different locations .
each time the capsule is moved i want to detect whether the capsule is more than radius r from triangular mesh .
i also want to check whether this 3d capsule is in collision with either of the ten other 3d capsules in the scene .
these ten capsules and the 3d triangular mesh will not be moving during this simulation .
i want this simulation to run as fast as possible .
i can imagine it will be a library with some kind of triangle mesh processing or collision detection algorithm involved .
the ones i found online so far are point cloud library cgal and unity .
but i do n't know which one would be most suitable for me if i want to prioritise as possible .
what would you guys suggest for a teenagers first real camera ?
she loves using my canon but it 's an expensive piece of machinery !
she loves photography and has talent so we want to get her one this year for christmas .
could 've have had 21 technically 19 but did n't use the order on nenneke in the end more points but missplayed by playing the kerack marine after viraxas which caused me to lose 1 point on it.that 1 point meant i could not take it to 9 coën with pm and erland buff 3+5+1=9 so it was n't big enough for buff 1 .total buff points 126 144 without missplay 18\*7 or 18\*8
i can say with confidence that a 10 power coën buff 1 and a subsequent 17 power buff 2 is very possible if gota survived which he used pred dive on .
this means means that i would 've ended up with around 66 more points if he did n't pred dive my gota .
and i probably could 've buffed more units up to coën buff 1 level 10 power in this case .the total buff points would equal 210 it 's 7+14 10 .
i still lose to double salamander sy and move st lmao
decklist for netdeckers p gwent the witcher card game playgwent.com https www.playgwent.com/en/decks/5f56245a9abcac7b03748b2251a9ecac
i 'm 17 and male and i recently got a boyfriend .
i am moved out and feel that my parents would be accepting .
what are some creative and fun ways to do it so i can spice it up a little ?
are there are official reports of where the writers planned to take the show for session 4 ?
i 've finally had the time to pick up where i left off season 2 back when it was airing i had kids they disrupt everything and just finished season 3 .
i know the show got cancelled but had the writers already started on the new season and has any of these concepts been made public knowledge ?
more misunderstanding about all women 's intentions and its always bad .
just gross most that stuff is what insecure guys reason out when things go wrong or different from their expectations
exactly and instead of talking about the abuses of member states and introducing resolutions to condemn them they condemn israel every single year .
not that it is n't well deserved by any means but i dont recall the israelis beheading people for adultery or throwing people in a cage for turning their phone on and off too quickly .
i have had a concept setting exploring this and i have also read a sadly discontinued story on royalroad which identified elves as having formerly been humans who were transformed into elves through some mechanism related to ascension of their leader to a goddess .
it was n't fully explained before going hiatus so it is hard to say anymore than that but it seems to fit as an analog to what you are decribing effectively it seesm all the demihuman races were probabaly from similar transformations .
a word of warning things had also taken a dark turn before being hit with the whole unresolved cliffhanger so i ca n't easily recommend it unless you do n't mind dark unresolved cliffhangers .
though the author claims they are rewriting things when i asked about the stories status actions speak louder than words .
i 'm sure there are other examples but that is the one that comes to mind and has n't already been mentioned .
the setting i played the most with this idea is along the lines of your intentional upgrading as it fits quite naturally as an explanation for both the characteristics and mentality of many of the elf archetypes
one side project idea i have n't developed much on specifically takes this route or at least appears to on the surface .
the idea would be you have recignizably human people and then the elves '' which they think of as strange alien beings .
the eventual reveal would be that the small human settlement is actually the descendants of a group of humans that refused augmentation and view technology as the great evil '' .
effectively they would be a more extreme analog of something the the amish and their renouncement of technology the main difference is they also have a policy of withholding information to protect the children of god '' .
elves and the likes are all basically humans that have augmented themselves with the '' elven forests '' being effectively arcologies with the trees '' being a mix of bioengineered organic flora tree like radiators and the so called world tree is an atlas tower like megastructure that offers easy access from the surface to the equatorial orbital ring and the vast amount of orbital infrastructure .
the effectively cult group basically forbids all digital electronics but of course in a naturally hypocritical sense as they maintain their silence with the use of the very technologies they deem evil .
basically they have their pseudo medieval '' interpretation of how life should be and have set up their cult in a way that the founders descendants would explicitly be kept safe from the evils of technology ... by which they most mean the internet and any other type of technology that could lead to one finding out about the outside world i.e .
i spend months at a time in countries weeks at a time in cities .
i hardly have any memory of places where i visit for less than 2 weeks .
your gon na get lost and sucked in might as well make it a camping trip .
my pup is 7-ish months now so does n't sleep quite as much as the early days but we really prioritized letting her be bored '' and do her own thing .
she has a few favorite chill out spots around the home where she goes to nap or just lay and relax now
i purposely did n't have an exact routine for when to practice this but rather just did n't give her attention throughout the day where it fit naturally cleaning cooking working etc .
she would badger me at first but got the hint very soon .
another thing that helped was any time we were finished with an activity together play training etc .
cryptography means not having to give a shit about the transport medium .
not sure why that is so shouty but i 'm leaving it .
additionally i 'd suggest checking out the scp foundation they have a whole bunch of humanoid/human scps that would make fantastic characters for a game
zenkai lf gohan not even close to any other unit .
legitimately had a match the other day during double rp i dominated them the entire match had all 3 units still alive with 2 at nearly full health they only had gohan ?
lost the nearly dead unit in one attack the 2nd got rred and the third got killed in 2 blast cards .
it 's just not a fun unit to even try to fight against i 'd rather fight a full health lms namek goku with 1 unit than fight lf gohan .
but i still dont know if the things i think are ocd or true .
court packing '' is different than packed the courts '' .
he just means that trump was able to stick in the people he wanted due to vacancies that should have been filled prior to his taking office had n't a bunch of partisan fuckery taken place .
is it possible to create an asian character seems like all the facial features in the game are based on caucasian features .
i 've been unable to build a convincing non-white looking character .
any suggestions on what eyes nose jaw types to use ?
there was a test called the synesthesia battery run by the uni .
it was a great tool not sure what happened .
the best way to confirm synesthesia is to retest the colors chosen by the synesthete after some amount of time 6 months-2 years
3 atb great on the counter really solid defensively can play really well through a press high energy midfield .
barca would be good fun and keep us hopefully on our a game from the start .
that and it would be nice to get some revenge for them knocking us out in consecutive seasons under pellers .
the more you stress about the 95 the harder it will seem !
deep breaths take study breaks i 'm sure you 'll do great .
taylor 's lucky number is 13 i assume that 's why she chose that number
but then you pay taxes on gains after that .
if your retirement account is roth no taxes on gains .
how sciency vs social sciency is the program like life science type things vs public health
i do n't really listen to a lot of reggae .
closest i 've been to liking a song from that genre was listening to rambutan jam band 's doing what they taught us '' .
i feel better now about my liked songs playlist .
if i get bored i 'll check out other genres .
you can tell the fanbase is still pretty young since they expect some sort meritocracy to be the norm .
once you get out there you realise its almost always about who you know .
i 'm going to try getting my hands on more hg 's and try the rfhg combo .
right now stage 9 my echelons work to an acceptable ammoint 1 and 2 do most of the work while 3 tanks with 5 and 6 being used for encirclement to get gold .
i hope that i 'll have soppo m4 and star at their max .
mod by the time i 'll regularly encounter manticores and other heavy enemies .
i will probably also reintegrate wa-2000 and/or iws around that time to make up for some cut corners .
it 's not that i do n't have high level good rf 's they have carried my echelon damage through about half the game especially wa m14 iws and springfield .
at some point generalists without mg 's and rf 's just started working better and now mg 's slowly creep back into my echelons .
like i said i really fucking hate that you have to change your echelons all the time .
aojb by killswitch engage was the real first album that did it
i hear plenty of people do that to research .
luckily i had a responsive giftee so i did n't go too down the rabbit hole .
youre very focused on the secret part ... . is it the connection knowing you have something that no one else does or something else ?
lol i 've heard that a few times today .
i do n't know how but i managed to experience what women get to experience and take for granted .
i was getting laid every day and i was barely putting in the effort .
i think it was because i was super confident and cocky back then and women love that .
my point is for about 5 years i got to live like a woman and it was the best 5 years of my life .
i do n't think so there 's something wrong the interior looks like cornbread or muffins not yeast risen .
edit did you work it a lot after bulk ferment before forming/shaping
you gon na need a 2.5k for something decent with fs setup .
this was a great post and i identify with many parts of it .
congrats for having the courage to deal with these issues .
it has been a miracle drug for me as well .
i 've been taking it for over 2 years now .
i 'd like to get off of it but i 'm worried i 'll just backslide and end up back where i was .
i had such anxiety and obsessive issues for years i probably should have been on this like 25 years ago .
it makes me think that i 'm just wired different and i 'll always need to be on it .
but then i read posts like yours and wonder if i can consider tapering ...
there is not a court date just a statement that the plaintiff has 14 days of the summons being served to file this with the courts .
the summons was filed sept. 18 and served this week .
as for the types of layers she was referred to a personal property attorney and personal injury attorney who both said they could n't help .
depending on the switch and ios version you could also run packet captures from the switch interfaces .
so close to zero it 's not even worth entertaining the thought
it depends but yes entire file sizes need to be dl 'd for many updates and this has been occuring for years .
what do you mean as many toyotas and teslas '' ?
i feel there is a missing part in that sentence and it gives me anxiety .
‘i just do n't understand why this keeps happening ? ? '
says judge who keeps refusing to send people who randomly attack others there to jail .
is the hd remaster in reference to the remake of the first one ? ?
i really struggled to play it because the constant opening and closing of doors to go through a room ruined any kind of”immersion into it
i do n't think we can determine anything by the fact she never acted out publicly for attention .
it seems like most people think she disappeared to punish her husband not just for attention .
if that was her motivation it makes sense she never did any similar publicity stunts .
although i do think it 's likely she did either snap or just ran away because of the stress .
i mean i want equal rights but thats too hard .
1 to all this bomber z2 is a killer deal .
and with the grip damper it 'll have good performance .
i think the rhythm is similar or maybe the same mostly ?
i guess but 1000 for the epic pass is such a good deal if you travel at all .
i can go to whistler switzerland and japan and snowboard for free not even counting the resorts in the us .
it seems like we read the same story about coal every month or so .
create a faction and drop unit to this faction ...
i got a chest of stacks of them in like 4 days rlly if u do it right villager trading isnt that hard
the 1080ti will often run my 3440x1440 120hz panel in the 60–100 fps range .
sometime i play on my tv 4k 60hz and i can hit 60 fps if i lower settings to like medium/high .
it would just be nice to really max things out though .
to hit 120 fps on the ultrawide to not have to reduce settings at 4k .
i 'm considering a 3080 when they get easier to find maybe see how 3080ti shakes out i 'm skeptical about 10gb vram .
this is a reminder to read the rules before posting in this subreddit https www.reddit.com/r/canadapolitics/wiki/rules-thelongversion .
headline titles should be changed only when the original headline is unclear https www.reddit.com/r/canadapolitics/wiki/rules-thelongversion wiki_1._headline_titles_should_be_changed_only_where_it_improves_clarity .
link submissions must be about canadian politics and recent https www.reddit.com/r/canadapolitics/wiki/rules-thelongversion wiki_5._link_submissions_must_be_canadian_and_recent .
replies to removed comments or removal notices will be removed without notice at the discretion of the moderators .
downvoting posts or comments along with urging others to downvote is not allowed https www.reddit.com/r/canadapolitics/wiki/downvotes in this subreddit .
do not copy paste the entire content of articles in comments https www.reddit.com/r/canadapolitics/wiki/rules-thelongversion wiki_9._do_not_copy_.26amp.3b_paste_entire_articles_in_the_comments. .
if you want to read the contents of a paywalled article please consider supporting the media outlet .
please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcanadapolitics if you wish to discuss a removal .
do not reply to the removal notice in-thread you will not receive a response and your comment will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/canadapolitics if you have any questions or concerns .
they are the same person and will not bid on your task !
we know this looks like spam please take a moment to read it if you have n't before .
if someone does n't or wo n't comment on your post do not work with them and report them to moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fslavelabour rule 11 fights scammers by requiring them to comment on your post before contacting you .
scammers that we have already banned ca n't comment .
it 's one of the easiest ways to check for a scam .
there are active scammers here that will dm you without commenting and tell you they can complete the work and ask for payment upfront .
you can get banned for a first offense read the rules .
there is 0 tolerance for fraud and harassment tasks/offers .
the full list of the subreddit rules and important sidebar information can be found here .
https www.reddit.com/r/slavelabour/wiki/sidebar the reddit app and the reddit redesign suck at showing all the information in the sidebar .
as simple as it sounds anyone on the universal scammer list https universalscammerlist.com is clearly labeled in your browser as a scammer .
https i.gyazo.com/08d01d4babc58455e0fa9637f5627e5d.png you can download reddit scam labeler for chrome here .
https chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/reddit-scammer-labeler/pimdepbkfokgeadmhmhfpapfdbodadlg or you can download it for mozilla firefox here https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/reddit-shopping-tool
if you have suggestions on how to improve this message please message moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slavelabour if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd also recommend mein kampf it 's a heartwarming tale of the struggles of a destitute author in the breakneck capitalistic society of austria some foreign land .
the worldbuilding is amazing the political structures are extremely well developed
while 17 states put on a show for trumps mask less cult .
i 'm on iphone and am never offered tasks or videos for gems so do you have to reach a certain level cause i 'm only level 24
bro those are the worst ticker symbols ever inst and wa imo
lmao i remember reading off the list and one book i ca n't remember the name was an anatomy and health book and it got banned for ...
like bruh that 's the point of the book .
you have to find that out yourselves ... they also have a 'black barrel ' variety very good but not cheap .
you do not have enough combined karma to make posts yet post some comments to get upvotes !
a moderator may still approve this post if they feel it is of good quality or you can message them to ask them to .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/playboicarti if you have any questions or concerns .
your stats do n't seem bad not bad at all .
you have the ecs and you have a upward trend .
depending on other factors u have a great chance at t-20
i think the full flask in 12 should be a half-empty or fully empty one with traces left whether that be drops or just the smell just to drive that depression in deep .
hahaha what is this crap south korea has a medical collapse '' at 600 cases per day ?
did n't mel use it to juice the lime at a live task ?
click here to send a pm to this user https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=ns22_legend
thats if you have cheats on although u can do the open to lan trick i guess but still that kinda ruins the point of a hardcore world
i 'd like to put my finger in your fun hole right now .
well with the strike and blast i 'd assume it 'd just be an animation change like the green card .
they may even just show the one character when changing cover .
they may just keep it like broly where the main unit is the the one on the field until a special green or ultimate is used .
there 's tons of ways to implement it i 'm sure they 'll make it work if they want .
as for tags units losing tags upon transformation is n't new .
ss gohan ss gotenks and ss vegeta all lose the super saiyan tag upon transforming .
ss gohan and ss gotenks get ss2 and ss3 while vegeta swaps super saiyan for god ki .
blessing of wisdom https cards.hearthpwn.com/enus/ex1_363.png ? 65614 pl spell common classic 🔥 hp https www.hearthpwn.com/cards/100 td https www.hearthstonetopdecks.com/cards/blessing-of-wisdom w https hearthstone.gamepedia.com/blessing_of_wisdom
call pm https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=hearthscan-bot me with up to 7 cardname .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=hearthscan-bot message=tell 20me 20more 20 info subject=hi
treyarch sound abracadavre insane https osu.ppy.sh/b/882897 ? m=0 by pishifat https osu.ppy.sh/u/3178418 78 ranked 0 qualified 1 loved 51 unranked '' osu ! standard
kirito is legit – source https github.com/christopher-dg/osu-bot developer https reddit.com/u/pm_me_dog_pics_pls nbsp http x beatmap found in events
then you need to consider toiling 3 more years like i did .
i got the same set about 6 months ago .
i 've played about 10 times with them and they are so much better than my last set .
i will say that if you catch one pure it goes about 10 yards further than a normal strike for me .
it 's in the us i 'll actually have to look at the breakdown on this since i had it at the same time as another huge procedure lower body lift with lipo and auto-augmentation i know the total but not what it cost for just my arms !
oh that 's good to hear in that case all the best and i hope you get to visit nz soon !
i mean 1060 6gb i7 9700 so pretty decent .
why are you allowed to use they in your original comment but i 'm not allowed to use it in my response ?
is n't that a hypocritical point you 're focusing on ?
also i agree with you about the marketing team versus the dev team .
but my main point is that the dev team is the one creating the game and it still should be questioned why they chose to sexualize women over men .
i actually will happily villainize any member of the team in your hypothetical situation who is uncomfortable creating gay content .
because there is already gay content in the game .
you know the sexual identity that is often used as a porn category for straight men and makes no attempt to be appealing to actual lesbians ?
so actually these dev team members you 're defending do seem comfortable creating gay content but only when it titillates a straight man .
and yeah a straight dude is obviously more attracted to two ladies than to two dudes .
but maybe if that straight man is getting paid to do a job he should put on his big boy pants and think with his brain instead of his dick .
but i guess we actually have proof thats not the case with cyberpunk 2077 .
i guess women and men are n't equally objectified at all are they ?
because if that was true this entire discussion would n't exist .
but us humans luckily evolved big brains with so much intelligence and rational thought packed into it .
almost like we can control our sexual desires and resist putting them into a game that we want many people to buy .
because many people know how to control those 'animalistic ' desires and do n't feel the need to divide their thoughts into nut-related categories .
or are we going to say that a rapist ca n't be blamed for their actions because it was an animalistic urge they did n't wish they had and we should n't be trying to view their actions in rational/irrational categories ?
i would hope nobody uses sexual urges as a form of rationality .
i would also hope nobody uses their sexual urges to dictate the kind of content they create unless its specifically meant to be erotica but i guess cdpr failed on that huh ?
nobody is saying a content creator has to conform to anyone 's needs but it is always worth it to question why a content creator chose to make what they did .
they should be questioned for overwhelmingly sexualizing women over men and being comfortable creating lesbian sexual content but not gay sexual content .
i think there are plenty of people on it who were hoping to make a different game .
i also think there were a lot of decisions made by a lot of people along the way where they could have reevaluated the path they were taking any time .
and people are allowed to analyze and critique that because that 's what people have been doing to media since it existed .
if you are coming to this subreddit and commenting on this thread as an attempt to be an ally to women and lgbtq people then as a queer women i 'll tell you right now you 've failed .
maybe you should do some digging into how you let your own uncomfortable '' feelings towards sexualized men interfere with being an actual ally .
because women and queer people deal with sexualized caricatures of themselves everyday and its not up to you to tell them being angry about it is n't valid when you yourself can not get over the thought of men being sexualized in the same way .
i 'm politely asking you not to talk over our experiences by playing devil 's advocate .
please leave this thread if you can not understand why everyone on it but you is upset .
how do you ever get to the point where driving a different color car or paying someone to drive you every day becomes ok when you know you 're driving past the homes of kids who have n't eaten today ?
having a single tool helps you be able to create more transparency avoid duplication and it allows for more collaboration
this is also why i want to push for gitlab in the entire org because it is seems to be the best option out there to avoid the tech team to be siloed .
or sometimes take another 2mg for another day if needed
i will be messaging you in 9 hours on 2020-12-10 15:11:19 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2020-12-10 2015:11:19 20utc 20to 20local 20time to remind you of this link https np.reddit.com/r/shadowban/comments/kaa0ib/yawn/gf94dzs ? context=3
click this link https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message 5bhttps 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fr 2fshadowban 2fcomments 2fkaa0ib 2fyawn 2fgf94dzs 2f 5d 0a 0aremindme 21 202020-12-10 2015 3a11 3a19 20utc to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
i do n't know how bad it is with the keyboard but it 's the worst open-world driving experience i had with controllers .
during summer playing persona 4 and thinking that human teddie and yosuke are hot
i just have the basic setup elgato plugged into my pc and the hdmi out going to my monitor and hdmi in going in my ps4 .
what do you mean by layout of my cables and how would i use an hdmi splitter to fix it ?
i ca n't remember what happened in my last sleep but the one before that i do it was a common dream where me and my crush venture across snow-filled fields reach a high point/hill and just sit holding hands whilst watching the northern lights .
it wo n't be a fun path and many may prefer the child turkey route but it is achievable .
it 's like any other chemical dependency including ssri 's caffeine etc .
hard to reduce over time but much less likely to suffer withdrawal effects .
this is hilarious and not what i was expecting i thought you 'd get sniped thanks !
you only have to fill the cars about once a week ?
also i 'm curious arecms are encouraged instructed to make that closing statement or do you do that yourself just in case ?
depends how many more you have hiding up your sleeve .
when someone says they have a major d ... it implies they have a large dick .
it 's never as funny when a person has to explain the joke ... .
it 's bad humor but that 's all i got .
you can buy the hat for like 25 caps at white springs i believe so its the outfit that you 're after .
i saw the exact same card i have except 6 hof badges sell for 150k earlier so i 'm hoping i can get my money back .
and yes he 's a great card i personally love him and i 've had him for a while so the mt i spent on him is barely noticeable as i 've been upgrading him for about a month now .
but i would really want to be able to sell him and invest in a new point guard for cheaper and get glenn robinson aswell he 's about 45k and i need a small forward as i 'm currently rocking bailey stockton 's dynamic duo .
do you think i should get monta and robinson if i sell stockton ?
no only untreated tb syphilis and gonorrhea are the contagious diseases that affect admissibility .
free epic store keys that epic does not get any money from that developer can sell on their own site or on other third party stores like humble gmg ect .
i used to be curious on what cut the egs keys had but could n't find anything on it .
but i 'm also running a ryzen 2600 and the 1070 i have is a founders edition .
not the best setup but 2020 is n't exactly the best year for getting new tech unfortunately .
i feel that title i dont even have an ssd with enough space or graphics card so when i start the game my pc is for sure gon na die
i appreciate his sentiment but honestly would he say this if he was still up and coming ?
it 's already hard enough to prove that a child is being physically abused it will be impossible to prove mental abuse .
not that i know of but i 've never been tested .
it took origins and odyssey 's mechanics and perfected them imo while implementing old school ac feels .
if you liked older assassin 's creed installments you might liked it .
it links back its story to older games and generally feels like ac .
i know a lot of people might not agree but it 's genuinely think it is .
also playing it right after ac iii was welcome since it actually tries to progress the modern day story .
but it is also very long some do n't like the combat mechanics and the story arc system might not appeal everyone .
sorry kinda geeked out right there but if you were looking for more of odyssey i am not sure you 'll find it here .
yeah you have to throw your understanding of space acquisitions out the window when you look at spacex .
elon is n't afraid of failure and throwing away multi million dollar space vehicles in order to learn valuable lessons to make the next iteration better .
if something does n't work or causes a problem .
do a hot fix and implement it in a new design before the next test .
try to get that done in the middle of a government contract where they design design delay design test test and maybe just maybe fly a rocket/spacecraft .
and while dragon does allow for the safety net of separating from the falcon 9 you just have to start thinking bigger now .
yes starship will need to be verified a shit ton but at the end of the day if there are humans on it it 's going to be what gets them safely back to the ground .
my phone cord wo n't reach all the way to my phone mount so i must suffer
and if you happen to know ... how far along was your blue bar before it started downloading again ?
bwahahahaha i misread hand for head and imagined tiny little heated guinea pig hats ! 😆
analysts only exist to spoonfeed lazy boomers into investing in the next big thing . ''
fuck them all they do is shit on companies and then once they 're successful they dick eat until the cows come home .
no it was great again once now well it 's stupid
customer service on point my favorite shop continues to impress me even when i 'm not there .
each time i get on the river my number one goal is to get three miles from the launch .
i 'm totally not recruiting for a cult that will take over the earth sometime before the end of the 21th century and force the acceleration of tech research that will help us colonize and develop another planet before the earth becomes uninhabitable for humans .
bruh istg i tried to upload this like 18 times today and it wouldnt go through and i check my profile and there it is
when i started legends about 6 mos ago it was suppose to be my casual collecting units game .
i was playing 3 or 4 other gachas at the time and was p2p on 2 of them split a monthly budget between them .
about a month into legends i dropped 2 of the other games and added legends as one of my p2p gachas .
now i only really play legends still login to sao rs but barely do the dailies anymore and its far and away my favorite game .
dbs always been my favorite manga/anime and between the graphics and gameplay i just love it .
ill mourn legends when the server eventually shut down but i hope its not for another 5 years to even a decade before that happens .
if wotc paid gavin specifically to make this video then it would be sponsored .
additionally just because you are an employee of the company does n't mean you speak for the company .
there is a pretty big distinction between the two .
i know you 're joking but still it 's pretty interesting evidence for how the geography is destiny case .
slave ii is boba 's slave i was abandoned in orbit over tattooine for a while .
i liked the chapter but this felt like a tldr of how it happened in the ln .
the new qob is very boring and not something ever worth considering in exchange of one of your best power spikes .
it 's not like kerri is heavily lacking in pve power to need it or that the talent adds much pve to begin with .
the old qob needed a buff but was fine functionality-wise .
at least for a qm talent i found it very efficient .
while it was focused on q cdr just like boundless fury it served a clearly different role as qob would let you get multiple qs talking anywhere from 1 to 6 if lucky and with psionic pulse into a single target compared to the 1 extra q from bf .
that said boundless fury and fury of the swarm are still a bit too good to ever pass up .
bf is basically gives you 3 qs vs any target you pick which is very strong .
it might be more balanced if it did not give a free q so easily against a single target and you needed at least a secondary target for that but that might make the talent rather awkward in design .
meanwhile fury of the swarm is a bit too good of a generalist talent giving you decent shields on top of cleave damage and excellent wave clear .
the wave clear on fots might need to get nerfed or maybe give the alternatives an extra benefit to put them closer to par the current q bonus for pve could be good to buff siphoning for example .
just so you 're aware r/cyberpunkgame is currently in approval only mode to prevent spoilers from being shared .
in the meantime we have megathreads which may help for
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cyberpunkgame if you have any questions or concerns .
this is a beautiful movie and is basically flawless except for a few maudlin sequences a new sincerity for the '90s ?
patty did n't know him so i would n't expect her to .
if you like urethane get abstracts they are the same price or if you have the money i 'll pills
i always thought that 's how it works but someone downvoted me so maybe i 'm wrong .
anti maskers are entitled little shits who are literally getting people killed .
if you think that 's crazy you should avoid r/hadesthegame .
there is n't even porn of the game really people just jerk off to the stuff already provided
i mean flores came from belichick and worked for us
why would n't the bucks pull a san antonio if they did trade him ?
give them to some weak team in the west ?
okayyy i have not written that yet but ya know why thats good ?
what was the trick that you did after inverse sonic
my mother is liberal and wo n't accept me as trans but i know a couple conservatives who just.. do n't care .
set up a business so money keeps coming in .
no karen i do n't care about your freedom but i do care about lives .
the florida state national championship game vs virginia tech and michael vick was a great game as well
the fact that picograms pulsing is considered piss melting the cup levels of juicing is pretty funny
meaning for every £1 of capital you provide t212 will lend you £9 .
so your gains and losses on stocks are multiplied by 10 .
you can use them to trade other markets not just the stock market .
you can short markets like the stock market betting a stock will go down in value .
so if a stock falls by 1 while you hold a short position your capital increases 10 .
if your stock rises by 5 or so t212 will ask you to top up your capital .
if it falls by 10 you lose all your capital .
if it falls by 100 you owe t212 ten times your original capital in theory anyway as t212 will close your position before you owe them money and legally you can not lose more than your original capital even though it 's possible t212 would have to bear the loss in this case .
this is what so many people do n't understand on this board risk management at t212 has to be very strong otherwise they could lose a lot of money hence why all the restrictions on cfd 's lately
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
i sold out of hc🅰️c way to early and now i 'm pissed and emotional
but he did n't show us any lions or tigers !
i 'm at the point of giving up on finding an odg one lol about to order a couple v7 port covers if i like them enough i 'll sell you my newish installed only single dimple black one
bro i literally have that now and it just seems much sweeter than before that was actually my favorite this time last year but now not so much ...
going to try with nomad as a last attempt .
i 've tried getting past the chair for corp 5 times so that ai n't happening
the number of times i 've been informed that i 've been jacked off to is off the charts 😭😭😭 please stop men .
please note that trying to bypass any filters or loophole them will end in an automatic ban .
if you need clarification on a rule please contact the moderators .
the major rules to note do n't be a jerk .
do n't post or mention any pirate material this includes the website that rhymes with kiss-seam at all .
do n't post hentai or pornography or anything 'suggestive ' in the adult manner .
certain sites are on a blacklist due to being used to spam self-promotion this includes websites that rhyme with wetsy saidbubble winsta-maam and wickblarter and similar websites .
someone asking 'if you have a place to buy it ' does n't absolve people from following this rule !
small watermarks on image with your 'winsta-maam ' tag are okay as not to completely stymie artists .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sailormoon if you have any questions or concerns .
your son has been around it for four years because you 've willingly dated this dude for four years .
your son is not used to it he 's just dealing with it .
i 'm a single parent to a 6 y/o son .
my son 's dad is a marine vet w ptsd tons of anger none of us have forgotten those outbursts it 's scary and i am glad my ex is out of the picture .
i think you 're selfish and you are damaging your son by dating this man .
does anyone know how to turn censored off for my wife is the student council president ?
some of the language made it sound like they made a virus and some made it sound like they made a vaccine .
i 've once had a narc admit to me that they have a serious lack of empathy '' ...
but i would like to think that if someone was fully aware that they were a big piece of shit they 'd try their best to stop being that big piece of shit .
i mean a sleeve for your card to be inserted into the machine .
it makes me feel there is light at the end of the tunnel .
diclazepam might displace diazepam because of its higher potency so today i will do an all pharma day and report at 5:13am when my 24 hour period ends every day .
false advertising requires that you knowingly misled on a product that impacted the customer negatively .
that means if you advertise a burger and give them a salad and insist that you were advertising a burger to offload the salad .
the only marginally reasonable case for false advertising is them nachos bell grande .
you got the best nacho cheese but you stingy af with it wtf is that about .
grumbles under her breath and retreats to her troll hole
sellas life sciences group sls ticker looks like it 's gon na go for a run hopefully follows glsi moves
you 're right i can identify the cum glass so easy and drink it .
i second this 'depression is not just in the mind .
no amount of positive thinking or self motivation works . '
cognitive based therapy cbt helped me to an extent but it takes hard work and time does n't happen overnight since you 're grasping at the very roots of your thought processes and trying to rewire them .
you can read more on the effects of rumination .
simply being aware that i was ruminating on an issue for too long helped me a lot .
finally i just want to assure you that this feeling of unworthiness and constant spiralling will one day be over .
you must not give up until you see that day .
after seeing lev save abby from tommy that punch felt real frikkin good .
added i 'll invite you as soon as i found another person
so you know how most people learn monopoly from others and not by reading all the rules ?
i did that here and also did n't think about it .
i 've been gaming for ages but am relatively new to 5e .
we just never get much chance to rest anyway so i my foolishness went uncorrected til now .
just so you 're aware r/cyberpunkgame is currently in approval only mode to prevent spoilers from being shared .
in the meantime we have megathreads which may help for
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cyberpunkgame if you have any questions or concerns .
a lot of complaints about the game seems to be due to solo queue .
there 's less problems when teaming up with other players that are decent .
league start low level essences are amazing i use one to craft a rare ring for wand recipe .
we have a relative with two really really annoying kids .
they 're loud they ca n't go without attention every 5 seconds they physically fight they do n't listen they jump on my furniture and touch shit in my house .
when you take them out they touch shit in stores ... which my kids would never do when they were small .
they 're hard to take to restaurants because they 're loud and do n't listen .
during meals they make a f'ing mess and do n't sit down properly to eat .
again all things that my kids never did or were allowed to do .
and worst of all they both sleep with pull up diapers on and they 're over the age of 6 .
when they 're at our house they ca n't go 5 seconds without being constantly entertained or they 'll start fighting or trashing stuff .
i love them ... but i hate watching bad kids .
i also hate them being over my house ... i have to mentally prepare myself every time .
both of their parents suck at any kind of discipline .
they 're inconsistent ... the kids do n't listen to the them and ignore them when they 're telling them to stop .
or they just stand there while they 're making a mess and trashing stuff .
and their parents have made them very attention seeking ... so they constantly do stuff ... good or bad to get attention .
they ca n't do anything without someone watching them do it .
its one of the good things about covid because they 're not bugging us to babysit since our house has been on lockdown since march .
i literally hate the way some people parent their kids ... it makes you just dread kids .
i 'm still so confused about the yellow piece .
so basically in every skill check i just put 1 yellow die ?
i recently did a project on such speculation a month ago .
the economic effects of covid-19 will unfortunately be seen for about a decade maybe more after this mess has been resolved .
the money the government is generating for stimulus packages has to come from somewhere and we will be paying the price for a while .
thought the stock market is being bolstered it is artificial stimulation and most likely will not work in the long run .
during this time most markets are uncertain so diversify diversify diversify !
also the precious metals have proven to be relatively stable during economic downturns so invest in that if you want to !
i prefer a green gowther but green liz is also fine .
i do n't like folks who insist you put up green liz when gowther is right there .
even with really bad rng l2 gilthunder buff makes the run go much quicker once king gets his spear levels .
i 'm very happy of your comment buy a tank and vallejo and mig ammo paint and watch tuto of them and i 'm sure you can make better than me .
best to always stay nc including people they meet in the future !
it 's my fault i should n't have come to this sub without watching the movie .
you can get the glyph using the promo code conquer https www.warframe.com/promocode ? code=conquer .
btw spacedoggy thinks youre not cool enuf for him to watch you lola
yeah i agree utahite and utahian sound way better than u-tawn '' d
idk if this is just a panel in a larger narrative but stand alone its great
i 'll never understand giving gold to promotional stuff like corporate accounts and throwaways for celebrities to do ama 's with .
sometimes you have to wait for colours but the selection is pretty good i think .
i heard someone else in this sub say something about nailland too but have not tried them out for myself yet .
it works for me when i update to the latest firmware but that also comes with upwards left stick drift .
hook blocked the loop they 're finally doing something about it
was having a quick peek at my favourites to see if i had any nice songs to request
your post has been removed automatically because you either do not have enough karma or your account is too new .
you must have at least 500 post or comment karma and be registered on reddit for at least two months to be able to post and submit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
if you believe this was a mistake please message the moderators of this subreddit !
you will not receive a reply if you respond to this comment .
are there any laws in your state that specify around prostitution ?
if you can prove she was asking for payment you may be able to swing something .
although the fact still stands you did have an affair with a minor .
im not judging you as much as the courts will .
they 'll say you should have checked better etc .
you are still kind of at fault my friend .
mostly '' part being true only because sheer amount of various manufacturers and models .
but yeah rabid fanboys will screech that whichever platform they 're obsessed with is better in every way than the other .
this is your friendly automod here reminding you to check the rules https www.reddit.com/r/gachaclub/about/rules of our sub before you post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gachaclub if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm 182 dh and do n't get invited to shit .
i assume it 's because i do n't have a solid raider.io score but in the back of my mind i think it 's also because i 'm a dh ... .lol .
i do n't care of it tastes like lemon i 'd eat it
i finished it a few years ago and is the only souls-borne game i 've played .
challenging but definitely worth it probably among the top 5 or even top 3 ps4 games .
8/10 let me know if you get a better view for us
you can post off topic/jokes/puns as a comment to this automoderator message .
for cmv '' and question for x '' threads parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
if you want to agree with op instead of challenging their view or if the question is not targeted at you post it as an answer to this comment .
op you can choose your own flair according to these guidelines .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/purplepilldebate if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've heard of someone potty training their chicks but they looked freshly hatched .
i do n't if there 's a specific cut off date for potty training a budgie but any reputable sellers wo n't sell a budgie that young .
i really wanted to enjoy it but the performance was so bad that it was literally impossible to ignore .
yes bgs and dragon war hammers are good for bossing they lower most if not all bosses defences increasing the amount you can hit on them for
alt eg kunne høre i hodet var chubbyemu sin stemme når eg leste tittelen
i want a spinning wheel so i can spin and sell my own skeins .
hello mylanwastaken this comment is applied to all posts with a link to our full rules guidelines r/ihadastroke/wiki/index if you or anyone else new here needs the link .
nov 6th announcement upcoming change amongus screenshots will no longer be allowed r/ihadastroke/comments/jpau8t/upcoming_change_amongus_screenshots_will_no
also if you like discord consider joining ours https discord.gg/tytsj8ry4x !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ihadastroke if you have any questions or concerns .
you ca n't block movement through straits if enemy controls both provinces that are part of said strait .
how about you come to belmont for an actual reason then .
none of us that want to be here want pple with your priorities .
tbh the bleed on the tattoo looks really nice if u do n't like it u could just go to the same tattoo shop or a different one and just do the outline around the outside
hey everyone i 'm new to streaming and would like to do follow for follow if anyone 's interested .
i enjoy playing call of dutie and nba 2k .
so i have a hyperx cloud stinger core headset and i just got done finishing my pc build and am trying to play some games with friends and my mic does n't work so i bought a headphone 3.5mm splitter mic cable it worked so i tried it but the audio of the make is quite and sounds really bad and when i turned on the windows audio may friend 's could hear it and it was really loud
she wants to forget them by not talking for a few days .
this really pisses me off and i ca n't focus on anything else .
if you need any more information just let me know
i came to the us when i was 7 in international age and my parents are permanent residents in the us and i am a us citizen .
i got my us citizenship when i was 20 years old and now i am turning 24 in a week .
i plan to submit the forms for loss of korean nationality in the next week or two and i guess voluntarily forfeit '' my nationality in korea .
the question i have now is will i have problems entering korea in the future for just short term visits because i did not fulfill the mandatory military service ?
and would it be a problem that i submitted these forms when i am 24 years old ?
hit me up if your a bbw and want to be appreciated !
i do n't know why the sound delay is particularly bad with the view .
i do n't see this issue on other shows like jimmy kimmel or stephen colbert when they have virtual guests on .
it feels like the hosts spend a significant amount of time saying what ?
no you go back and forth with each other and end up talking over each other anyways because of the lagged response .
i finally decide to attempt the three mountains '' achievement some times ago i watched some guides about this and i recall the overall strat to become shogun .
i managed to get the province of settsu and to make ashikaga declare war on me but ming army is sitting in central china instead of invading japan even if we have total control of the nippon sea .
my question is was the shogun exploit fixed maybe with emperor ?
or the strat is still viable and i 've simply been unlucky ?
mythic experience shadow priest raider looking for a new home .
looking to become cutting edge this tier and the following three throughout shadowlands .
maining a spriest also have a mythic 0 geared warrior who is available to sub in at tank if ever needed .
hey guys can someone tell me the exact connection and significance of how deatnote is symbolizing religion and all that stuff .
i plan to rewatch it and i wan na keep these things in mind before i do .
i 'm reaching out to the makeup rehab community to tell me it 's okay to throw out a lip gloss that i hate .
i pulled it in my random rotation and used for a week .
i do n't want to even use it anymore let alone eventually pan it .
rather than put it back in my bag of lip products please tell me i can throw it out !
hi i am looking for a story that i read on wattpad maybe half a year ago .
it 's about a girl who went to an all girls academy where the teachers encouraged the students to rub one out when they were horny but the story had a term for it i believe it was called the hysterics ?
then the main character found out and ran out of the school to have a few moments to rearrange her thoughts where she found an alien which crashed landed and basically gave her tentacle cocks which she used to fuck herself and others then the rest of the story was helping the alien find nanolites which the alien needed to repair her ship but the nanolites were found by other members of the academy and it gave them tentacle cocks which they used to fuck others but in the end all ended well woth everyone happy
i really want to find this story again as it was great and i want to re read it
as a trucker i sit up really high in a seat and i 'm able to look out over other cars and during the summer i 'd get the chance to see so many beautiful pairs of feet and toes as women would sit in the passenger seat with their feet up on the dash .
i know this makes me sound like a total creep but i could n't help but to share it .
like broooo lol they would n't even let reviewers review the console versions ... y'all kept screaming about a day one patch.. instead of making hour long gameplay videos they should 've ... idk ... fixed the game ?
i was rolling one and broke off the filter of a cigarette so its not used '' my cat then started to slap it so i took it away from him cause i was afraid he 'd eat it he eats everything literally every fucking thing thats edible or not depending on the consistensy .
i put it on a place he usually doesnt reach but he reached it this time..
im fkn worried it 'll get stuck in him anyone knows if thats likely and what i 'll have to do next or will he just poop it out ?
he ate weird hardgummi stuff before that he poooped out so im not worried about the size but rather the shape not sure how well he chewed it before swallowing..
not sure what else to say prof gave me 2 months to create a project according to given specs and i did .
now that we have a week left he completely changed his mind about what he wants and removed and added so much stuff to the design requirements it 's basically a different project .
it was initially meant to be built by a group of 5 people but he decided to have us work on our own without reducing the project size so we 've all been frantically putting it together with the shit 25 year old engineering software we have to use .
do n't know what to do what a shitty semester
it 's like i 'm drifting through void in space .
the mission to find intelligent life out there but one that 's been long forgotten .
black holes that can swallow you whole or devour whole galaxies .
but no other life forms yet to be seen .
no just me floating along watching waiting by some miracle i 'd find a planet inhabited by my kind .
the oculus quest 2 is shown on the site as having 6gb of ram .
my question is if it is plugged into my pc to run steam games would it use my pc ram or the quest 2 's ram ?
i 'm worried about how the games would run on an amount of ram that for my pc at least is small .
so when i try to play i always have to restart the wifi because the nat type is failing .
is this problem from my router or my ps4 ?
note that when i use the wifi normally it works well without problems
it only occurred to me lately as i contemplated getting cyberpunk 2077 for the holidays and acknowledging that i probably ca n't run it well enough/on sufficiently high quality settings to make it worthwhile that it 's as old as it is .
it has done everything i 've asked of it with great aplomb phenomenal system stability bulletproof physical build quality and hardware-software longevity beyond anything i could have imagined half a decade ago .
its specs for the era were solid but not top of the line .
i7 4760 4720hq geforce 980m 960m 32 16 gb ram 1tb sata 7200 rpm hdd and win7 .
i upgraded to free win10 and recently added a 500gb ssd game-changer !
for games i primarily play fps strategy and city builders and it 's handled everything i 've thrown at it .
obviously the newer the title the more i 've had to trade off in terms of quality for performance .
but having grown up with games from the late eighties and onwards perhaps my tolerance for stepped down graphics is sufficient to never feel like i 'm missing out by not having the bleeding edge graphics .
like many i 'm not working right now contract ended in nov and i moved cross country so i 'm not sure exactly when i 'll be working again so a new laptop is out of the question .
but it 's gratifying to not feel in the slightest like i 'm stuck with a potato or anxious that my computer is on its last legs and may kick the bucket any moment .
obviously it may but i 've had no indication that is likely .
so this is all a long-winded way of saying ‘thank you ' to asus for building such a solid piece of hardware in 2015 that in 2020 it 's still going strong and providing me with tremendous enjoyment .
fwiw it was what felt like a pretty reasonable 1,600 cad tax when i originally bought it .
small deal at time of purchase free shipping and i think the hdd got bumped up to 1tb from 750 for free but no rebates or big sale .
probably around 1,850 with tax a mouse and neoprene travel sleeve .
i do n't really know where am i supposed to suggest new merch design .
i would like to suggest putting the j'n'g 2 ost album art on a purple t-shirt with black arms .
masu have the album rights so they have the responsibility over creating a product like this .
maybe work together with rake in grass to create merch with visual assets from their games .
they are n't well equipped to manage this stuff .
i know that i 'm quiet late with saying this stuff but better late than never .
for the froakies i 'm looking to get one high cp and decent iv so if that 's after 1 trade i do n't want more but otherwise i would like more until i get a high cp decent iv one
ft lmk in dm what you would want for the stuff .
i have shinys and legendarys and legacy stuff and can get candies etc to power up or double move stuff
edit shiny riolu/lucario is n't registered so we will need 30 days trade
i absolutely hate payload it is the most boringest playstyle.same boring location it 's just stale .and get rid of the stupid bows
i use ubuntu 18.04 and a software i am trying to install asks for a specific version of qt https github.com/polmes/xflr5-ubuntu .
... ..make sure to install qt 5.13.0 for gcc 64-bit .
you just have to make sure archive '' is selected where you get the option to install what you want .
then all the versions of the software will show up under the qt '' drop-down option .
hope that helps the next person who wonders the same .
when i open the settings file the lowest resolution that i can find is 1280\*720 !
the last time i heard about him is when he got banned for tattooing himself on stream .
its orbit was raised significantly between 20 to 24 november 2020 .
insat-4cr with 12 year expected mission life was launched on 2 september 2007 and placed in 74°e slot and then later relocated to 48°e slot https old.reddit.com/r/isro/comments/cpr8ot/gsat31_appears_to_be_getting_relocated_from_48e .
whenever i use kkmanager to update on koikatsu and honey select 2 it always fails .
title i think a lot of players hate characters that they find interesting in the long run who 's yours ?
i think i 've completely lost all ability to write smut i do n't know how to lead into it at all .
someone had requested a smut story which i thought i was fine with but now i 'm not so sure !
right now the two characters have just gotten home from a date and are just casually chilling on the bed .
i feel like i might cut off the story before anything too graphic happens since i really do n't know if i have it in me to write smut anymore .
but how should i lead into smut without being distasteful and vulgar ?
what if valve wanted the bots to be on casual servers ruining our days on tf2 .
they have the resources and people to script said bots into tf2 .
so as i said valve could be the ones behind it all .
surely they can make bots into tf2 just script them to always be sniper and you are good to go .
valve are suspiciously secretive on their process of updating or fixing bugs in tf2 .
they could possibly have scripted all the necessary ai for the bots .
valve want to desperately kill off tf2 so they script one initial bot script then proceed to duplicate said script a ton of times to produce enough bots to overpower all the players .
valve are not updating due to their staff scripting only bots and trying to tear down all at least official tf2 servers .
they start with casual servers and may or may not deploy the bots into community servers .
valve are also probably scripting in all the game-breaking bugs into the game in effort to kill off tf2 quicker forcing everyone to fall back to literally any other game which is why they are releasing all these games like half-life alyx and portal reloaded so people have something new and shiny to look at and buy .
the bots are moving to community servers to corner the tf2 players and potentially turn tf2 into rf2 robot fortress 2 .
keep in mind this is only my take on the situation .
i might come out right or wrong more likely wrong but still i wanted to share my opinion on the matter at hand .
either i 'm just lost or and i prefer this one i can blame it on my screen dancing which distracts me from getting the solution ... hours and hours of staring at the screen makes it dance right ?
anyways i have for my big devices '' laundry machine dryer oven and dishwasher a sonoff powr2 power meter followed by a sonoff 4ch pro r2 4 relays .
i have it set up such that only one at the time can be turned on .
yay living in italy where the majority of the houses have just 16 amp 230-volt power supply .
beside this powr2 i have one that is for all the lights and sockets general .
with a template i added up the values of the power consumption measured by both general and devices powr2 .
result 3 values of power consumption general '' devices '' and total '' .
i would like to have a sensor that gives the power consumption for each device separately .
times one is input\_boolean.dryer is on times 0 when the input\_boolean.dryer is off
giving me 4 sensors that give me the power consumption of each device separately .
is there any info on when we should expect price drops for the 5000 series ?
i want to make a new build in 2021 and was planning to get an 10700k but decided to move to the amd side due to the increased gaming performance .
what 's a good price to pay for the 5800x in the eu ?
in banjo-kazooie nuts bolts you are thrown in the middle of a bustling dystopian city where innocent people are jailed and the elite lives in a literal uptown '' rich district technologically separated from the rest of the town .
the chief constable is literally an obese disabled pig who can be bribed to have his forces leave you alone .
this is important as otherwise the police will assault you violently for even the smallest of crimes .
when exploring the city you are faced with a multitude of ethical choices .
will you free the innocent from their prisons and risk getting negative attention from the police ?
or will you ignore their cries for help and go on your usual duties ?
or will you contribute to the corruption yourself by purchasing goods from the black market that has formed around the city ?
you can also attack bystanders for your personal enjoyment if the police does n't see you doing this you 're basically off the hook .
the moral decay of the city is best seen in the amount of hedonistic pastimes it offers the player and how they contrast with the general state of the location .
while everyone is having fun at the beach the arcade or the bingo palace their homes are slowly crumbling around them .
the monuments of the past the great achievements of the previous generations are left to rot .
slowly but surely the hero you are playing as will emerge .
despite his initial technological disadvantage as the main villain a witch '' who has attained immortality through major artificial body enhancements robbed him of the better options available he manages to get himself little crumbs of this advanced tech .
with its help the player can fight back the corrupt police forces and eventually open the rich elite 's district up for all people to see and visit .
when the game comes to an end the dystopian city is left behind and forgotten never to be mentioned again .
there will be no justice or rewards and punishments of any kind .
the player is left pondering if he truly did the right things .
what about the people he helped to jail what if they were innocent ?
where did the black market goods he purchased come from ?
when he visited the arcade instead of working towards bettering the city was he really being any better than the rest of the townspeople ?
but no matter how much the player thinks these questions will remain unanswered .
it ultimately symbolizes how certain things can simply never be answered for certainty in real life .
the player is left in a remarkable state that is a mix of confusion and realization .
this is the mark of an excellent game one that is sure to shape the cyberpunk genre for decades to come .
acquire your 1z0-071 exam with 100 new and valid oracle 1z0-071 dumps by examsprepare easily .
clearing the oracle 1z0-071 exam is essential and also a difficult task .
this exam is considered one of the most professional and important oracle database 12c certification exams and it is not easy for all to get 1z0-071 oracle database sql cleared .
you may often find suitable oracle 1z0-071 dumps questions https examsprepare.com/exam/1z0-071-dumps learning materials that do not guarantee 100 positive 1z0-071 test results .
but you can surely get oracle database 12c 1z0-071 pdf dumps success by selecting examsprepare oracle 1z0-071 dumps pdf .
examsprepare has made the 1z0-071 practice questions pdf learning material for 1z0-071 exam that contains authentic and valid oracle database sql questions with answers .
you can use this 1z0-071 braindumps pdf material and study for at least 15 days and the oracle 1z0-071 positive result will be in front of you !
examsprepare designed oracle 1z0-071 pdf dumps so you pass the 1z0-071 questions answers in first go
many exciting features are offered by examsprepare that satisfy and guarantee 100 positive oracle database sql result .
you can experience all the 1z0-071 dumps features and after checking you may decide about buying this oracle database 12c 1z0-071 pdf dumps product at examsprepare .
we hope you will like our oracle 1z0-071 dumps .
simple and user-friendly 1z0-071 dumps pdf pass 1z0-071 braindumps with ease
there is no need to worry about our 1z0-071 oracle database sql dumps .
examsprepare is all set to provide you with the best easiest and most useful 1z0-071 questions and answers learning material oracle database 12c 1z0-071 pdf dumps .
the best thing about 1z0-071 dumps pdf is that it can be downloaded instantly and be studied anywhere you want .
you can download this user-friendly 1z0-071 oracle database sql braindumps pdf file on your computer laptop tablet or smartphone easily without the need of any application to install in your gadget .
these oracle 1z0-071 pdf dumps are available with authentic 1z0-071 questions and its solved answer solutions .
verified and latest oracle 1z0-071 dumps with passing assurity for 1z0-071 exam questions
there are many oracle database 12c certified experts and specialists hired by examsprepare who have prepared the authentic 1z0-071 practice questions dumps pdf learning material for you so that you may learn oracle 1z0-071 exam dumps questions without any doubt .
they worked hard to design the original oracle database 12c 1z0-071 braindumps questions pdf preparation material which helps clear the 1z0-071 test and is also prepared with the latest oracle database sql exam real questions syllabus .
free 1z0-071 exam dumps demonstration and updates for 90 days
now examsprepare is giving a chance to everyone to check the oracle 1z0-071 pdf dumps demo even before purchasing it .
you can now go for the free 1z0-071 dumps demo easily .
this will help to understand in detail about the essential features of oracle database 12c 1z0-071 dumps pdf offered by examsprepare .
after checking it completely you can buy 1z0-071 dumps without any type of doubt and fear regarding our unique oracle database sql dumps study material .
along with this once you have purchased the 1z0-071 dumps learning material you will get free 1z0-071 questions update about any changes made in the oracle database 12c 1z0-071 syllabus randomly .
this free oracle 1z0-071 exam dumps questions updates offer will be valid for up to 3 months without any charge .
so feel free and study examsprepare 's 1z0-071 oracle database sql dumps hard for getting sure 1z0-071 success .
it is hereby confirmed that examsprepare is fully sure that the 1z0-071 test candidate preparing from its oracle database sql pdf dumps for 15 days he/she will surely get 1z0-071 final exam success .
though still if someone fails to get oracle 1z0-071 success and fails in it he/she then may claim for a refund for their 1z0-071 exam dumps payment .
examsprepare will analyse the request and will refund your oracle database sql dumps amount in line with their rules and regulations .
30 off 1z0-071 dumps discount on 1z0-071 vce and 1z0-071 practice exam
as examsprepare promises to provide the best oracle database 12c 1z0-071 dumps pdf https examsprepare.com/exam/1z0-071-dumps right questions and answers pdf study material to its 1z0-071 test candidates .
now examsprepare is offering a 20 discount on the oracle database sql braindumps learning material if you use it you will clear your 1z0-071 test with flying colors .
you can easily order your discounted oracle database 12c 1z0-071 practice dumps for 2020 right away !
1z0-071 exam 1z0-071 exam questions 1z0-071 dumps pdf questions 2020 1z0-071 dumps 1z0-071 exam dumps 1z0-071 dumps 1z0-071 test questions and testing engine 1z0-071 practice test 1z0-071 test questions with verified answers upgrading your skills to oracle database sql pdf questions
these are the messages your mind interprets for high-quality and premium leather bags .
but whether all of these bags are equal in terms of quality and quantity ?
the leather bags vary and can provide you worse expect if you fail to make the right choice .
when you spend 1000 on a leather bag and after half a year this is what happens
for that reason there are various things to consider before buying a leather bag .
here are 7 important key points of quality you need to look for before taking your wallet out .
the type of leather used for your leather bag matters the most .
people often neglect this aspect while making their purchase .
keep in mind that leather type for handbags purses is as important as shoes and leather jackets .
it must be made up of top-quality leather preferably grain leather that looks amazing year after year of use .
do you wonder whether the leather bags are prepared the same way ?
these are not actually as there are 2 major tanning processes chrome tanning and vegetable tanning .
in the chrome tanning process the chromium or other harsh chemicals are used to prepare leather bags .
as the name refers the vegetable tanning process involves natural material such as tree bark .
unlike chrome tanned leather vegetable tanned products are produced in an eco-friendly way .
the long process makes the vegetable-tanned products thicker and harder as compared to chrome tanned products .
but keep in mind that these products tend to get softer overtime and it works best for designed tote bags .
chenzon coley is one of the companies that use the vegetable tanning process .
they provide quality bags bearing premium designer options and price tags in mind .
their bags are first-class and functional at the same time .
the bags often come at affordable prices and the quality control process makes the products long-lasting .
in case you encounter any problem with the product you 're provided with a lifetime warranty for your ease .
the quality of the bag depends on the origin of the leather as well .
italy france england ukraine and the u.s are renowned countries that produce quality leather products .
but you need to keep your side safe and consider the important things before buying a leather bag .
various companies use italy's reputation in the sense that they make products in any other country and come up with fake labels that claim the leather finishing in italy .
when it comes to premium vegetable-tanned leather chenzon coley ensures using it from european specifically italian/tuscany and kiev tannery those are one of the oldest and reputable .
obviously you would want to purchase leather bags made up of durable leathers .
durable leather is the professional work of art and it does n't come up by simply blending the pieces together .
for durability and handwork consider a careful selection of leather and precise stitching .
grain plays a vital role in leather bags and makes the most-durable handmade leather clutch bags .
a bag with a certain weight that can be moved easily around without being deformed is the ideal one .
when it comes to affordability top-grain leather is a great alternative to full-grain leather .
leather bags come in various colors and the most common ones that suit the environment are black dark brown tan and light brown .
for professional environments you need to go for black and brown that are the best fit and provide a sense of authority and power .
for a casual and relaxed working environment tan and light brown suits well as compared to black and brown .
the most common color is black that often fits well for all types of environment .
dark brown is another option for custom made leather handbags that keeps its elegant and classy look for a decade .
make sure to consider color aspects while purchasing a leather bag .
choose a bag with one color that perfectly matches your situation .
the statement refers that for what purpose you 're going to purchase a leather bag .
its design should perfectly match your profession as discussed in the color section as well .
it should fulfill your needs and tailor to your style .
your right choice can help you to enhance your style and image .
with the help of your elegant bag you can make a powerful statement .
keep in mind that price does n't always portray the quality of leather .
even some brands that charge more provide low-quality products under popular tags .
you may have to invest more for premium quality products at the same time .
make sure to invest in a premium product instead of so-called premium brands .
choose a leather bag at a competitive price with all the qualities mentioned above .
you can get all this in one place chenzon coley .
i 'm on my first cycle of anavar and clen var is 15mg split between 3 doses and clen is 2 weeks on 2 weeks off 1 tab a day .
i am also doing hiit step for 30 mins and a boxercise class 45 mins both of these on tuesday thursday and saturday
i throw in the odd boxing conditions class too which is 45 mins .
eating at maintenance calories but not eating back my exercise calories .
am i wasting my time or will i see results on this ?
i want to look feminine lean with some visible muscles but not body builder size not yet anyway .
i know i would benefit from switching the classes to weights but i really enjoy them .
this game is absolutely littered with different arcade machines pachinko machines etc and absolutely none of them you can play .
i really liked in fallout 4 the little mini games you could play on your pip boy and this would have be a nice addition .
i guess though if you ca n't program all the ramen shops in game to just be vendors and have the same food asking for a mini game is too much .
for context my house is up for sale and no one stays at the house .
my neighbor 3 lots down the street was frequently parking her car in front of my gate preventing me from opening the gate parking my car and blocking the for sale '' sign .
i tried talking sensibly and be polite so i do n't cause any bad riff .
despite our last conversation she is caught yet again for the third time parking her car in my front gate .
this prevents me from opening the gate when we have viewers to park inside .
i really do not want to make a big scene because of this but i am out of idea on how to resolve it .
context trazyn the infinite and orikan the diviner are having a temporary truce in their millennia long feud on a world the imperium calls serenade . ''
they are currently using some necron tech to remain incognito while roaming amongst the human populace .
trazyn the infinite overlord of solemnace archaeovist of the prismatic galleries and witness of a thousand epochs stared with fascination at the puppet show .
he did so from a distance high in the steeple of the basilica of the god-emperor 's ascension .
its arches and gargoyles provided ample camouflage and the height offered a sweeping view of the comings and goings in settlement plaza .
he wore a simple brown hood and cowl like a monk 's that blended his form from a distance and – along with the illusion emitter – served to ensure that even the bell-ringers would think little of him if they managed to catch a glimpse in their peripheral vision .
below the soft peach-coloured sunset was splashing across the square casting a pleasant glow over the marble buildings that looked so much like polished bone .
a lamplighter drifted from post to post a ladder on one shoulder and a promethium burner in the other preparing for nightfall .
it was a shadow theatre with its audience of children sitting on both sides of the little structure .
on one side lit with gas lamps they could see the flat painted-leather puppets dancing with their sinuous jointed limbs as they paraded in front of a stretched piece of thin canvas .
on the other side the audience watched the shadows cast on the white sheet .
the same story the same actions but in silhouette .
older children and some adults walked circuits around the theatre to see the performance from all angles .
‘if one of the puppets strikes the other or perhaps makes some flatulent gas emission please do let me know . '
the subject matter in these shadow theatres is generally historical-liturgical .
lives of the saints and that kind of thing .
he gestured across the square where a masked troupe of players tumbled and hooted as a lecherous bishop – his mitre askew and arms grasping – chased a giggling courtesan across the small stage .
just before being grabbed the clever dame dipped out from under the embrace and left the clergyman amorously embracing a performer in a donkey mask .
the crowd howled and a performer masked as king mischief stepped forward to give a sarcasm-laden lecture on those who let petty vices consume them .
‘for all my aeons i can not understand how you draw anything meaningful from this drivel .
you know the empire will have to destroy these humans eventually correct ? '
‘to study a culture gives one an indication of where it came from sometimes where it 's going .
what we learn can be extrapolated to other species .
trazyn enhanced his oculars zeroing in on a xylophone player sitting next to the puppet stage .
‘you notice for example that this musician 's battle melody weaves in the song of serenade ? '
‘in fact why do we not agree that this portion of the enquiry will be your purview ? '
the pair translated to the crypt and enfolded in robes and with illusion emitters lit moved out into the city streets .
some spree killer had been active in serenade city and the enforcers were keeping a greater eye out .
they skirted the edge of the square avoiding the crowds .
as orikan passed the stage where the players capered and juggled he noticed a bizarre detail .
one of the performer 's arms is false i noticed .
it allows his free arm to perform the mischief picking pockets or planting incriminating evidence . '
‘king mischief from the volumes i 've read is a saboteur who shakes up the social order and exposes hypocrites .
the scripts are i understand tightly vetted by the administratum . '
they passed through deep shadows down the long stairs and slopes of what was once coral shelf and descended to the abyssals – the sprawling slum built on the great plain below .
a plain that had once been a seafloor before the orks had pumped billions of drums of water out in order to cool their reactors .
before the planetary government while still riding high off denouncing the orkoid tyranny realised that they too could sell the water to passing imperial navy vessels and trade ships thus opening new land for development .
now much of the ocean was gone retreated into the smaller basin of the deep sea .
‘note ' said trazyn ‘how even these bare hab-blocks all have window boxes ?
and each of them carved in the rune-like patterns inherited knowingly or not from the aeldari .
i do n't understand your fascination with humans trazyn . '
and their reproductive system is the same as their waste-elimination system .
orikan grimaced as if he had not known it and preferred to live in a state of ignorance .
yet despite all those difficulties they 've done a great deal in the galaxy .
their empire may in time eclipse the extent that ours was at its height .
perhaps it does already – they have not the coordination to tell .
they are born weak mature slowly have short lifespans and in a galaxy packed with creatures that come into the world fully-grown and armed with fangs and armoured with bone they have still managed to become the dominant force through technology and will . '
trazyn paused as if weighing whether to trust orikan with his next sentence .
orikan growled a displeased buzzing in his vocal emitters .
and their lives are much longer than ours were . '
particularly given that they can not use stasis-crypts during star-voyages as we did .
oh they artificially extend them with drug treatments and augmetics or the awful surgeries of the astartes .
‘they know nothing better ' said orikan with a note of bitterness .
‘our truncated tumour-cursed lives had to be lived in the shadow of the immortal old ones .
‘do you think that given the choice they would trade their souls for immortality as we did ? '
you were only too willing to trade in that broken body of yours . '
‘i went to the flames of biotransference in chains .
i can picture it with clarity – the lock-collar around my throat .
the one who did it nilkath was a sautekh warden .
orikan stared at him ocular rotating as if searching his death mask looking for the telltale sign of power rerouting that might signal a lie .
and though orikan 's words often carried the lingering kiss of acid these in particular burned .
‘after all you are the historical expert are you not ? '
the diviner turned and they walked the rest of the six-mile way in silence arriving just before dawn .
there 's been quite a few excerpts posted from this book so far since it is an absolute goldmine of a novel but honestly it seems like a lot of them are cause its funny '' posts rather than ones with actual lore significance .
i think this excerpt really does a good job of showcasing what makes trazyn such a singular figure in the lore .
he actually understands other races sure other characters may have some vague ideas but for the most part 40k is defined by every race 's ignorance of one another with their inherent sense of racial superiority trumping all .
trazyn while still believing in the superiority of the necron race goes out of his way to really learn about other races .
and these days humans in particular have fascinated him which is funny since his first impression of them was n't looked at very favorably until the horus heresy .
hell in another section of the book orikan is trying to describe an ork waaagh approaching and is talking about how it is led by one of their medical castes .
that 's unusual for them to be a warboss . ''
it is really refreshing to see a character who while not having perfect knowledge of everything still has a good understanding of other races and about their history or cultures .
this excerpt also makes note of some of orikan 's outlooks .
the way he views the aeldari as long-lived degenerates '' is interesting .
considering he was the one who foresaw their intergalactic rise their fall and the birth of slaanesh long before it all happened .
so it makes sense he would generalize and dismiss them in such a way .
though he is a rather venomous person in general .
overall i think parts like this are what make this novel a great piece of characterization for the necrons and something good other than just a comedy like some have made it out to be .
at 51 i 'm past menopause though the hot flashes and night sweats still like to make a daily show .
the latest nasty is my fingernails splitting horizontally over the nail bed .
i 've always kept my nails clean 2-3mm in length and use norwegian formula hand cream every day .
i 've been a customer of hl but today is the first time i 've noticed their active saver https www.hl.co.uk/investment-services/active-savings .
in this current climate of chasing poor interest rates this seems like an interesting take on managing diverse savings products .
anyone using it and care to share their experience ?
it relies on cooperation of trusted nodes to confirm transactions
so basically my friend and i just created our first clan after around 7~8 years of playing the game .
since global chat is n't around any more how can i find people to join the clan ?
hand made sterling silver necklace/pendent with an oval shape pendent of a growing wheat on a 16 in .
i go to anti-fascists subreddits and other media platforms and see them say right-wing libertarians are a slippery slope to either fascism of feudalism but fascism is a third position ideology that barely takes any influence from austrian school economics and feudalism is just an outdated ideology that barely anybody except historians or larpers really understand .
i 'm 100 sure no right-wing libertarians support fascism or federalism considering fascists would kill anybody who wish for free-markets and classical liberalism being an ideology that was against feudalism .
and what with most leftists saying right-wing libertarian ideologies would lead to feudalism why not make a new phrase for their supposed idea of late-stage right-wing libertarian ideologies ?
a building will be beautiful only if the best painters in coquitlam http ad-painting.com/services do the renovation work .
the painting of your building or home is not just a decoration but it is an expression that reflects your personality .
only an expert painting service will give you efficient service that aims at the idea mentioned above .
so it is necessary to choose experts to paint your building .
my vivobook pen is not working and after a long conversation with the soport team they told me that the pen is broke and i need to buy a new one ... . which pen will work with the vivobook ?
28f i 've been in a bpo industry for 7 years now.working as a sales advisor with a monthly salary of 35k plus incentives.i already have my savings for 350k now which i know half of it can use to start a new business.can someone enlighten me if it 's okay to have a business at the same time being employed ?
i find myself still thinking about him my ex .
not that i miss him or anything just like dam it 's done ... just like that .
my best friend who i ca n't even be friends with for the time being .
and all i can think about is getting on a dating app and talking to new people .
or should i be selfish and go with my gut .
deus ex 1 and 2 were some of my favorite games and this just seems like a build of that on a larger and prettier scale .
i 've got ta stay home for 2 weeks so i 'm not gon na get to go out till new year
repeatedly offering an out in my eyes is a form of attempting to control a relationship .
it 's not a kind or caring gesture to unload the stress of making that decision on him along with all of the other stressors in any given relationship .
the i understand part regarding breaking up with her is not fair either .
i feel as though it paints the image that they are n't invested .
ultimately if she is actually saying that stuff to moses then the whole thing feels like manipulation gaslighting and pretty shitty .
yeah i 'm not exactly the most confident person i 've never had a gf cause ive never asked anyone out and in every parents evening i ever had they 've said he 's very quiet ''
i use a phone and dont make use of thumbnails
i do n't think there 's is any pc gaming vr headsets for that cheap your best bet would be the oculus quest 2 that 's the cheapest one i know of
i think she fully what she did and that tone change at the end scary anymore things happen or that was it .
the game is locked at 60 fps using the 60fps patch and that 's not how higher refresh rates work the 240hz one is just super sped up and reddit player can not run higher than 60fps not to mention if it did support 120fps you would need a 120hz display .
if i 'm wrong in any of the facts feel free to tell me .
that is a bummer i 'd find scan data super convenient .
i guess i 'm gon na be collecting bits after i get done with bounties for a bit .
and i got ta go mining again at some point .
the shakedowns just want the money and they only attack by melee .
the amons use literal satellite lasers cannons guns lightsabers and insane matrix moves to beat kiryu and the gang .
but people using them for racist purpose is ruining it .
which sucks because banning the emote makes no sense .
i do n't mean to come across in a malicious manner if the option is n't available message support .
that would be the thought process for any service for most users .
i was just trying to post something about these two chip ads that really pissed me off but i could n't cause my account was new or had low karma and it was on this sub reddit
lady constantine because he is helping me achieve my goal .
today i found out about this charity called transanta to help the homeless trans youth .
just sharing in case anyone here can donate something to someone 's wishlist .
sorry if this breaks any rules but reading those letters destroyed me and i need to share it in hope that someone can help .
i 'd be fine with a constitutional amendment if that 's required .
i do n't think you 're going to hell over this though .
but i agree with the others here it 's time to get professional help .
someone to talk to you who can help you through this .
i also highly recommend you speak to your doctor .
you sound like you 're suffering from depression and may benefit from medication .
the destiny sub reddit community is toxic the guardians in games not nearly as bad .
we do the short mokuso at the beginning and end of every class .
i find it helps a lot with getting into the right mind set .
less about karate and more about dealing with the various stresses of life .
slow kata can be very meditative i really enjoy that as a way of winding down .
this woman is one rock in the road away from being a quadriplegic !
although to be fair if a very attractive man had been doing exactly the kinds of tricks she was doing while wearing exactly the kind of shorts she was wearing there would probably be less talk about helmets and more talk about his appearance too .
i sure hope your son does n't end up like him because women from the younger generation do n't tolerate shit like that .
no he 's actually fucking dumb if you go with the canon story .
oh wait nobody except me and another guy knows it !
ask a homie to prom the real ones never leave .
please post commission requests or work examples in appropriate commercial art subreddits .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/drawing if you have any questions or concerns .
i stand by what i said about drawing with someone already pointing a gun at you .
an action is faster than a reaction but that 's still a stupid risk to take there may be a situation where you have no choice though .
i never assumed what side you were on you told me in your post unless you do n't actually think that way and just wanted to start an argument .
there 's nothing irrational about paranoia like i said things that are unlikely to happen still happen paranoia is just whether or not you worry about small chances .
i do n't disagree with you worrying about people those who commonly carry guns for self defense have a responsibility to maintain their skills and to be aware .
the point of training often is so that in a stressful situation you will default to that training and in a stressful situation you 'll either do that or freeze up and do nothing at all .
the drive thru person sees a dog and calls us all over so we all come over to the window and make baby sounds at whichever dog has graced us with its presence !
well yeah you could be the son of a billionaire and a sex pest .
did you hear about the operation that was released 10 days ago ?
if you do n't care about defense mario is your guy .
x33 bro it 's a fucking virtual game i 'm talking about ps4 in general your complaining about a game like turn the fucking game off if your that sad like wtf imagine being pressed by people you do n't even know rl like grow up dude lol saying i 'm not talking about planetside boi you posted it in a fucking planetside community stop crying stupid ugly bitch
my aim point pro has been excellent with a middle of the road price point .
i 've also had a lot of luck with multiple sig romeo 5 red dots of your after a more budget friendly option
you need an account that 's at least 3 days old to make a submission here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/brawlstars if you have any questions or concerns .
man it all starts with plz nerf perk x because it is strong then perk x gets nerfed and people will be like ok what is next on the list .
then oh shit pop takes 20 seconds of the gen progress away nerf .
hex perks give survivors a secondary objective in other words makes them do something besides gens outside chase so remove them .
and obviously i am going to extremes but my point stands that for as long as there is a perk that is stronger than others somebody will want it nerfed .
for as long as there is at least one perk that gives killer more noticable advantage in chase or slows down gens better than other perks people will complain about it .
that explains why they do n't look real without the uv .
without seeing you actually dance where an experienced mover might easily be able to spot something helpful to offer i have a few questions for you to consider that i hope might help .
you do n't need to worry about answering them here just kind of keep them in mind while you are dancing .
note this list could be a billion questions long let 's keep it relatively short since it 's my first reply and it 's not good to overthink or get yourself overwhelmed being completely over analytical .
sensation while you are moving what does your mind sense is happening both in the specific area that is moving as well as your whole body ?
initiation where does the energy for your movement begin ?
do you move from the core outward letting the limbs find their place naturally or are you trying to micromanage each body part separately ?
energy/weight transfer can you feel the movement transfer early from one body part to another or does it get stuck in certain places ?
try performing the movement at different speeds you might discover where you feel stiff/disjointed .
support do you notice yourself holding something rigidly while you focus on the part of your body that is moving '' ?
timing do you notice yourself fixated on moving to '' the beat of the music ignoring it completely or coming in/out of the tempo ?
focus since you mentioned sexier '' keep in mind that eye contact/focus/intention can be a valuable part of the equation does your focus support/enhance/inform your movement or is it forgotten/does it distract from your movement ?
balance is every part of your body participating in every movement in some way for example one might answer that a plie ballet term for bending the knees happens in the ankles knees and hips but in my experience this leaves the upper body stiff and thus a hindrance/dead weight to the overall movement being performed .
composition have you taken a look at the overall phrase determined the focal points/highlights and structured your performance accordingly ?
🎶neon artic and 4 silly ducks plus a train for the bat dragonnnnnnn !
first to introduce myself i 'm just a casual league of legends player ex otp syndra currently around 800k on the champion playing the game and the champion for more than 6 years now .
i recently saw few people wondering how to play syndra what are the most optimized builds what are the main items or what can we build as situational items on our dark sovereign .
i decided to do an infography about all these informations inspired by ostrich 's one for lucian that you can see here https www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/k31aee/ostrichs_lucian_builds_infographic_1024 on the r/leagueoflegends
i do n't claim to have absolute knowledge about everything .
i 'm a random syndra lover and also simp for more than 6 years now and i just wanted to participate in the community by helping newest syndra players .
the three builds below are not to copy/paste these are just ideas to get inspiration from in your games .
i 'm not a pro in making infographies there must be mistakes about symmetry alignment etc .
english is n't my native language so please be kind if there 's some grammar mistakes
if you have any suggestion feel free to discuss about it in comments i 'm open to criticisms
almost everyone is already doing this have n't found many free games like that after advancing a bit in the ranks
do n't think so looks normal with some toning .
if you ca n't trell by sight look up normal weights of coins and weigh it if you do n't have a device that can decipher metals some lcs have these add well .
copper collector also counts copper ore in your inventory which might be why your testing made it seem like it stops increasing
i have not used it with any other softwares other than shapeshift .
the last time i could see my balances was sometime approx .
i did not report this issue right away because i figured it could 've been a bug .
i 'm not sure what my eth addresses are and i 'm not sure how to find out .
this is what i do in real life when i ignore my bank account and it 's poor performance .
eh i would n't rush to calling their elections democratic .
there 's only one party the communist party of cuba .
the party nominated the exact same number of representatives as there are seats the election does essentially nothing .
at the end of the day the cuban communist party has full control of the government .
hell the head of the party has more actual power than the president does it 's not really very democratic at all .
no evidence to suggest they 're rigging elections tbf but it 's the illusion of choice that delegitimizes their claims of democracy
people in a nut house would be ineligible for ownership since they have been mentally adjudicated either voluntarily or by court order .
it does n't make sense why she shamed franccesca and acussed her for being and escort while she does the same thing
yes it just automatically gives it to you on kill or subjugation .
similarly if i slam the door in your face and you knock again i 'm sure as shit not opening it .
😏 but i 'd like to be that wall with that ass in my face !
more like with her it is a spoiler for through the moon .
basically she made a decision that would hurt callum .
i do n't really want to spoil what happened exactly .
läsk i tetrapack skulle kunna fungera också den gamla modellen som är helt i papp utan plastkork .
well i might be able to help with that .
go to setrings audio audio output make sure it 's only through your headset .
if your still getting an echo make sure the volume on your tv is off
your post has been automatically removed as it 's missing title tags such as oc .
the post guidelines can be found in the sub 's sidebar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah seems like tom thibodeau still value defence and hardworking over spacing
ah of course that name that is real and exists .
i was super hyped for anthem but it was nowhere near as good as expected .
i just had a thought about sabrina she 's such a follower she 'll wait for the map to move before moving herself 3
sometimes 6 only '' people make me think thanos snap would n't be that bad .
while d ! p p d=d v 0 '' l '' v l '' 0 2 v '' 4 for j in range w for v in d i j sum d i+y j+x '' '' for x in d for y in d if w j+x 0 i+y h for i in range h
i was n't actually trying to make the code as short as possible only to make it short enough to fit in a single tweet together with the adventofcode hashtag .
but that proved quite hard to do and so the code has ended up pretty compressed .
i was not able to solve part 2 in 280 characters of python 3 when i tried this morning .
if anyone can i 'd love to see it !
i 've just seen u/nutki2 's astonishing perl solution both parts in 180 characters‽ which is making me reconsider everything .
i must deconstruct it and see if i can steal any of its ideas .
q 's son messes with them and dad has to undo all the damage he had done to them .
i think the original borg were the it people maintaining the supermegagigacomputer .
and has to assimilate races to keep up with the maintenance needs and processing needs of the q continuum .
i went into stadia and chose the 1080p option but definitely not getting it .
is this something we 're experiencing only on this game and not others ? .
since stadia is a service that let 's you stream games i could easily say my internet is the problem .
are we sure it 's not an issue on google stadia 's side of things ?
again my fps is near 60 fps most of the time but resolution ruins it .
langhe 's nebbiolo is a solid buy at its price point .
nah production will get to do all that stuff but they wo n't give them any more staffing or pay .
my first thought was quantum physics which can only mean i 've been listening to way too many sean carroll podcasts this year given i 'm a linguist by trade .
if anything you 'd say war of underworld is good .
by saying it 's a good adaptation it implies you 've already read the source material .
it 's as pointless as me saying that fortnite is a good representation of master chief even though i 've never played halo
the fact that the fucking champion has to even mention 50k is just embarrassing
honestly not opposed to the plot but you 're probably right on that it 'll slow me down and keep me from starting .
there are definitely some conditions that some people accept as appropriate medical exemptions .
i am allergic to heat and if i wear a mask for too long i break out into hives all over my face .
i 've seen many people say those are valid reasons not to mask .
we both still wear masks because we believe the common good is more important than some temporary discomfort .
visuals were kinda corny to me but the beat was pretty dope the acappella fit perfectly .
i have seen that car parked around sunset blvd 👍
i hope the door does n't hit them in their ass on the way out .
heheheheheheh holy crap lois it 's edd from eddsworld freakin ' sweet
imagine waiting 20 minutes for the other bot to save the video
omg yes😂 i was so tempted to read and i read the first chapter 😂 geeezzz !
when you get married your spouse becomes your family .
your future husband is the family that you get to choose .
your husband comes first before your parents before your siblings and even before your kids .
anyone who puts anyone else before their spouse is asking for the marriage to fail .
if your brother gay bashed your husband then i think the choice seems pretty clear as far as your brother is concerned .
you can give the rest of your family time to come to grips with what happened and do the right thing and you can do whatever you want and that does n't have to be right now but first and foremost i would do what your future husband wants to do .
the two worst instructors i have ever had were for upper level math classes both postdocs ... ... ... ... .. .
on the other hand one of the best instructors i 've had was in intro math ... so there is a lot of variation .
all that said even subway or something else fairly boring could be great if the deal is right .
i 'm so glad to hear that you were able to procure custody of his girlfriend s
i went through something like that i was always the dare to ask out or girls would dare each other to talk to me
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansasstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
after 12 months of on time payments or if you close your account .
they credit your account or mail to you if you close the account .
i agree thats a long data line a sacrificial pixel can only do so much .
as the pixel output would put the data are the right voltage it 's still not a strong signal as it 's only ment to travel to the next pixel not across a long path .
you may need to look into a signal amplifier .
or try using additional sacrificial pixels at the split to boost each data path .
how come this game feels like it has way more to do compared to death stranded ?
it seems so odd that death stranded felt like a bare bones game compared to this ...
for some reason i always pronounce it 'mee-seech ' not sure why but i 'm not stopping now
i would love to but then you would carry my 7th child
i 'm trying to reverse image right now on google .
wowwww that sounds like a dream job tbh i work in snf and sometimes i feel like i work in a factory tbh it 's borderline abuse
personally whenever i started watching an episode and saw that there was no op i would pause the episode and go watch the op on my own .
best of both worlds you get the extra content without having to miss the banger of an op .
i was around 20 and drove with my family from dallas to boston to see my older brother graduate .
it was an incredibly long drive with 8 of us crammed in my dad 's extended cab chevy silverado .
my dad and i would switch off driving when the other one got too tired .
i think we stopped at a motel for a night on the way to boston and one night at a hotel but the rest of the time we drove straight through .
i 've always struggled to get a good nights rest and being on the road in a cramped truck cabin and sleeping on the floor of a motel room did n't help that at all .
so on the drive back home i was running on very little sleep and a lot of coffee .
it was late night/early morning and we were driving through rural roads going through some small towns because my dad swore it would be faster when i noticed him nodding off .
he turned to me and said he needed some rest and asked me to drive for a while .
as we rolled through another small town with two street lights he pulled over on the side of the road and we switched out .
i was driving on this dark rural highway for about an hour following my dad 's directions that he drew on a fold out map it was before we had cell phones and gps when i started to have hallucinations .
i was staring forward at the edge of what was illuminated by the headlights and i swear i could see little feet running just ahead of the lights .
i looked closer and it seemed like there was a whole hoard of little feet running and staying just enough in front of the truck so that i could never catch up to them or see the whole body of whatever or whoever was running in front on me .
i started to think to myself that these were the builders of reality .
they were literally building the road and the world in front of me as i approached it and if i were to catch up to them and pass them then i would fall off the edge of existence with my whole family in tow .
if you 've ever seen the tv movie the langoliers it was kinda like that but instead of destroying reality they were building it for me right in front of my eyes .
that 's not the only thing i saw either .
there were also huge black wolves running beside the truck and other dark shadows that would flash across my peripherals .
i was gripping the steering wheel so tight my hands hurt and i was leaned forward almost with my chest on the wheel wide eyed as i looked at these crazy hallucinations .
my dad noticed something about my driving that woke him up i think i jerked the wheel at one point .
he touched my shoulder and asked if i was okay .
i told him i was so tired and i wanted to get some sleep .
he said we could pull over and switch out .
i ended up driving for about four hours like that .
hello u/mm83727 your submission was automatically removed because v.redd.it is not an approved site .
we recommend uploading your image or video to imgur .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fakehistoryporn if you have any questions or concerns .
if your post includes swatches please make sure to include the following information in a comment
◆ skintone/undertone this may also be set as your user flair
◆ type of swatch finger brush one/two swipes with/without primer etc .
if your post is a request post clearly state in the title which product swatches you would like to see .
if you have any questions please refer to the subreddit rules or message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/swatchitforme if you have any questions or concerns .
rampant speculation what if they made the remaster so our choices can carry over into this new game ?
yeah i 'm not native and my english is n't perfect but i have worked as an english teacher before so it is a possibility if it is what i can find .
i do n't think i have high expectations or at least i hope not because otherwise my situation will be even worse than i am thinking lol
my dog could care less unless she hears a doorbell on the tv .
how is it on ps4 vs switch if you 've played both versions ?
but i will watch common since these often have nice bounces once they find their support levels..
i would pull out and then i will cum all over you
yo this is a direct sequel to the trilogy .
give it some time before you start with the i ca n't beat this character therefore he is op and needs a nerf '' bullshit
every link i follow it 's pops up saying it 's unable to connect or offline
if you were to look at the old iron parts of the cooling system you 'd see these crystals growing on the surface .
https i.imgur.com/6peutfu.jpg they eventually break off and clump in the heater core .
before i found out about clearing batch slate to fix the list i would close and reopen the app which also resets the list .
but dems would have to be ruthless in explaining the anti-american nature of this movement .
the lack of real meta commentary of the real terms of the problem .
the way they let themselves be used by the military industrial complex to serve the authoritarians .
if you want sources whitney webb has done some good journalism .
i knew about the disney investor meeting and i was going to buy a call .
earlier this year the seahawks stopped the pats on a goal line run and now the rams are holding the pats to 3 points .
the whole nfc west is getting redemption this year .
i just realized the only plushie my dog has n't destroyed is also the first one i gave him ... how did i never realize this ? ?
im always wondering what 's so special about kitty cat .
why does kitty cat not have a single rip and i 've had to sew up every other plushie ? ?
hes literally cuddling that toy right now and now i wan na cry ... https imgur.com/gallery/npkmefn
most of the time i think the same way but sometimes the kids get through my head and reach my heart
china would be interested in providing loans for these developments
nta does n't sound like you have any sort of problem with his potential gayness so you are n't homophobic .
but generalizing is usually frowned apon by sjw 's .
i 'm betting she just could n't find any other words that end in ic and just slapped the homophobic sticker on it .
stereotypes are n't bad we use them all the time to make connections they 're only bad when you truly believe all people are stereotypical .
you made an educated guess that he 's gay and you might be right but in the end what you think his sexuality is has zero effect on his life .
sorry about the time crunch i have to work weekends and my internet shuts off at 11 my time so i did n't have many options .
when and if that happens if republicans do n't get on the compact there 's a chance they never have another president .
periodically throughout the history of the u.s there is a realignment in the 2 parties .
one of them implodes or fragments or whatever and a new party is formed which then faces off against the other party .
so for example let 's imagine that the republican party as it currently exists reaches the point where it ca n't win elections .
after a time the party will break into two pieces and one of them will win out over the other or perhaps a new conservative party will appear and the republican party will disappear entirely .
all that a new republican party would have to do is say we have all our current beliefs but also we love mexican americans '' .
mexicans are all catholic which means they 're culturally conservative .
a realignment in the party which brings in hispanic americans means that suddenly the new republicans are winning all the elections instead of losing them .
the american political system is designed to have two roughly equal parties .
lmao there was a liberty hangout post below this one
there 's no real solid definition to this phrase but i do think it 's fair that if a post has n't had the movie title in it for a few months then it might not be in the public spotlight .
the gem bit ... this ones harder it 's 100 down to taste really and movies which do n't get much media attention also do n't have many reviewers .
so if you were to police it i think you 'd be stuck a bit ...
i 've watched movies recommended by r/horror which i 've never heard of not heard of probably ones described as hidden gems and they were complete shit ... it goes the other way too though i 'd have missed on some really good movies without these kinds of posts .
hidden gems is just a buzzword for i 've just seen this film without reading about it .
it 's an overly common phrase which is prolific all over the internet .
ignore the shit posts and the movies you 've already seen read about the ones you have n't and then form a judgement on whether or not it 's gon na be good ... that 's my approach .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
if it is though probably gon na be speed blue since that was the one we never got p
i was looking at it at 120 and was like i bet this is going to ath soon did nothing about it though
the investigation has apparently been going on for months .
however if the honorable media decides you should n't hear about it because it could be russian disinformation i can understand the confusion .
to be honest i do n't care modern day politics is a joke there are very few people in power that are decent people almost all of them left or right are only in it for themselves .
i can only speak to my personal opinion but i believe new nuclear will be successful but it will not look anything like the large light water reactors that are being constructed today .
i think the future will be smaller in scale and adapted to do things other than just make electricity .
as for learnings from building the first us ap1000 there 's already been a lot of improvements between how unit 3 and unit 4 have been constructed .
if the same pool of construction talent and documentation was retained for another us ap1000 that would likely be a bit easier to build but right now there is no other customer as far as i know .
i 've heard that the uk may be interested so who knows .
the last mandalore would technically be bo katan although she 's really the reigning mandalore since it 's unlikely gideon played fair and probs just stole it from her .
i do n't know much about rebels so idk about the mandalore centred episodes
aw i 'm sory you do n't have to do that to people who are simps and fuckboys real lovers care about eachother for their mind
we are big fans of john fullbright and had never heard him do this one .
they 're 3 boxes for ten bucks at soopers right now .
good thing the private sector funds the arts 100x more compared to the national endowment for the arts then .
bring that sexy little ass over here so i can shoot my load deep into you
my boy just passed 9 months and is joy challenge all at once .
restrictions are easing here in australia and we 've been going to swimming lessons for a month now .
wife is going back to work part-time in january and she 's really looking forward to that .
one of the hardest things nobody told us about was how bad the professional life withdrawals would be for her giving up her professional identity and becoming mum the four walls pressing in every day the never-ending washing basket it really got to her and i think understanding managing/supporting her mental health has been the hardest part of becoming a dad .
for all the dads out there struggling keep going .
it 's tough and sometimes you have to look back to see how far you 've come .
sometimes by myself with headphones sometimes with the boy in his carrier i like feeling him close to me it 's the only alone time i get right now and it helps .
good luck with the dairy-free diet i hope that 's manageable for her .
lactose allergies are crap but at least it 's something you can work around .
pre purchase deals might fall through or the current tests might not pan out as expected .
if anything he seems to hate the kin more by the end .
at the beginning he 's pissed at the town for falsely accusing him and likes the kin because they 're the only group that does n't treat him like an outsider or attempt to beat him to death in the streets .
as the game goes on though he reconnects more with his old friends and meets some new ones which makes him appreciate the town more .
meanwhile he learns more about the kin 's cultural mindset how they want to eradicate the town return to living like beasts with no individuality and revive their harsh practices .
by the end his choice is between something that 's more comfortable/familiar to him saving the townsfolk like lara and grief so they can all return to their normal lives and something that 's unfamiliar and kind of scary but also unique reviving the magic of the kin and replacing his ordinary lifestyle with a completely new one
while knowing it 's almost impossible to schedule a game that late and the b1g 's rule that teams can not play out of conference lincoln riley makes a stupid statement .
oh i know but i just meant the 3 little ones w mke .
i do n't think it helps at all but there is a similar one on poshmark https posh.mk/54cebakj7bb
i thought the same about byleth and yet he came in clutch
i 'm also a bit disappointed but overall what a great day to be a star wars fan !
not sure why he wrote that other than to get people worked up .
good thing these are few and far between from athletic .
posting to reddit is n't reporting an illegal activity we are n't the police all you 're doing is posting people 's info to reddit which is against the sites rules .
i was trying to learn breezis in training off of bounce dribbles and then started a match with my friend and said look this is what the breezi looks like mechanically but then actually hit the ball backwards into the goal ... not super clean but satisfying
remember to check our discord where you can get faster responses !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pchelp if you have any questions or concerns .
the same thing that bulls fans have been feeling for the last couple of years .
maybe but human scent likely has completely different pheromones than dogs have .
if the dog did interpret it as sexual which i guess we can not determine for certain it would be a different scenario but just based on how dogs will lick literally anything with a smell mine licks leather couches and hardwood floors i wonder how clear it is to them .
i maybe ca n't make a certain judgment so i apologize for jumping to conclusions on how the animal interprets it but just based on higher mental processing i would assume that unless physical harm is caused the dog is less traumatized than if we were to take a human situation .
i 'm also wondering if they have the ability of higher-brain processing to realize it is harmful or traumatic to them vs them actively being hurt .
i promise i 'm not justifying the actions of the individuals though but it is a different scenario than humans just because dogs have a lot less mental awareness of their situation and interpretation in general .
i found out later that he once cancelled my birthday celebration to do it .
they use 70m on players that did n't play and still had a better record than the magic .
not even under communism in the soviet union was that true .
not saying that the soviet union was necessarily desirable but that defense '' of capitalism was a real smooth brain one .
back4blood was dope too why everyone forgetting about that already ?
donnie was put up for adoption when he was a few months old due to his parents wanting a better life for him .
he was later adopted at age 7 into a loving family .
years later he got into a fight with a boy who was a year younger than him named felix .
felix confessed in high school that he is the son of donnies biological parents and that he slaughtered them for not telling him he has a brother .
donnie did n't hesitate to attack felix and ended up pushing him off the school roof and onto a car .
donnie adopted a new identity to make sure no one is ever harmed again and to get away from the police for killing his evil brother
little confused about the cassie recast tbh but holy shit kathryn !
i 'll be getting tested tomorrow ... hopefully not part of the 5
you sell pre-merger buy post-merger at the end of the day
evershade stalker is scary good and might be enough to make hecarim decks viable again .
its great against removals like avalanche guarantees card advantage with glimpse and forces opponent to trade his board for only 1 card especially if you have 2/3 dude that buff ephemerals .
it makes deckbuilding more flexible as well since you do n't need to run too many ephemerals for hecarim .
it will be great in shark chariot decks to take advantage of opponent filling your decks with this .
affliction will shutdown alot of midrange and ftr decks .
targon 's peak looks too memey to see competitive play
grand plaza this card is exactly what my ren shadowblade deck needs .
4/4 quick attack challenger with 1 mana remove a unit for succeeding turns is nuts
do you wear a wet/dry suit or just live life dangerously ?
i guess not since they do n't reference the anime
why are you surprised about guns out of all things being shown ?
reddit users submitting o posts must have prior reddit history generally be 3 months old and have 30 comment karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/usenetinvites if you have any questions or concerns .
as long as the outside economy is in the toilet like it is now there will be no exodus .
when i was using a dieting method it was like okay just do this until you 're skinny and then eat how you want .
changing how i wanted to eat through small sustainable swaps and generally having an idea of the calories of stuff i 'm using and getting comfortable with less was what has been making maintenance so easy for me .
when i first started trying to lose weight i used to imitate the habits of my naturally skinni friend .
just being like nah i 'll wait till dinner eating three things out of a packet then putting the packet away all the while my inner gremlin was thinking about the next possible second i could eat .
now i have those habits myself and the difference it makes is immense .
i 'm not scrimping every possible taste or snack trying to game the system or maximise every bite for the lowest calories .
i 'm just happy to go nah i do n't want the last bite i 'm not hungry now i put away the snack packet without thinking about it .
there 's no gaming the system that works in the long term just being happy to chill .
i remember having that game on my 360 is it good ?
the company is assuming the driver is at fault which leads an employee to confront a customer instead what this person is saying that maybe the system should work in a way to prevent fraud in the first place
like another person said maybe a confirmation code by the customer that the driver has arrived that has to be submitted before the food is received
or maybe the drivers could be required to record the exchange
yikes 😳 had no idea it did n't work on non fo are you sure about that ?
as for circuit rotation i 'm gon na go out on a limb here even though i already made a baffoon out of myself and so that 's still not as impressive as a flat damage increase .
if you want to fill all 3 element potentials and the utility at least even just one point in photon flare could go somewhere else even more useful .
most spells have a customized activation rate anyways which will speed up the casting time 24/7 as opposed to every 70 seconds ?
i think that 's the cd time for it when decreased right ?
i never realized how much content was on reddit .
seems like there are communities for just about everything .
now i just need to figure out where to start 🙂
beast all over the shop you 're already one of them sooner or later .
it sucks that the environment can be so harsh that you feel the need to even say that you were n't dating any co-workers because for some reason some people automatically assume that happened rather than wow they 're very talented and deserved this im happy to see they got promoted for their ability ! ''
thanks for this post i 'm someone who wants to get into the industry eventually and hope i can contribute to a non-toxic and happy environment for everyone as well as hold others accountable and i hate to see that you experienced this .
open discussion and holding others accountable is where i think things can shift in a better direction .
hopefully among the younger generations and older ones of course too !
we can start to make shifts as the awareness in the past 5-10 years seems to be going up a bit but there is still a long way to go .
should become a bonus action at lvl 5 then raise damage afterwards
this is how i feel after i buy myself my umpteenth succulent
started saving at around 21 roughly £600 per month.. thanks to living at home and no real expenses .
managed to get together around 40k at 27 when i bought a house with my partner .
i did n't have any specific goals in mind and we waiting till we were ready and the right house came up .
fwiw i hope things stabilize and get better in 2021
it 's reasonable to expect a good amount of bugs in a giant complex modern game but its performance on current/last gen consoles is not reasonable .
it makes sense if you ca n't squash all the bugs yourself immediately but they had to have launched the game knowing full well it was basically broken on the older consoles .
so why could n't the game empathise with ellie wanting revenge ?
technically speaking what abby did to joel infront of ellie would create a hatred far deeper than what a few punches and missing fingers could realistcally wash away especially with the kind of brutal world where morality and law is a fading memory in a lot of peoples minds .
something the game keeps trying its damned hardest to remind us then comes at the end and gives some cheap 'revenge is not the answer ' platitude .
not enough was done to help a good deal of fans reach the same conclusion that ellie seems to have decided so the ending just felt meh .
that 's why people say the execution is poor 'revenge is bad ' is not a new story it has been done dozens of times and seeing it done again is fine but the problem is that a lot of people could n't see why this revenge was bad .
i think this ludicrous idea is just meant to see if anyone is paying attention ?
that speed is not even a very slow jog lol .
that limit is more suitable for a track around a hospice care centre .
i need a loyal babe that can hold down a good conversation and makes me feel good and comfortable willing to give an allowance every week text me now on kik jmartins7929
fuck off cooldownbot do you not fucking understand that the fucking world is fucking never going to fucking be a perfect fucking happy place ?
seriously some people fucking use fucking foul language is that really fucking so bad ?
people fucking use it for emphasis or sometimes fucking to be hateful .
it is never fucking going to go away though .
this is fucking just how the fucking world and the fucking internet is .
do n't you fucking realize that fucking people can fucking multitask and fucking focus on multiple fucking things ?
people do n't fucking want to focus on the fucking important shit 100 of the fucking time .
sometimes it 's nice to just fucking sit back and fucking relax .
i am pretty sensitive to mild hallucinations from sleeplessness .
the scariest experience i 've had though was after a flight home from christmas my 4yo at the time and i had been on planes all day and then i picked my car up at the airport to drive another two hours home .
it was kind of late but not my first rodeo you know ?
for some reason i was so tired i started losing my sense of perception and spatial awareness .
i started seeing figures in my peripheral and on the side of the road .
at a certain point i could n't tell if the semi lights in front of me were 100 feet ahead or right up close .
i pulled over to get some caffeine/air/food and we made it back fine but i have never been so scared driving .
now i have hallucinated plenty on psychedelics but there is something particularly sinister and incomprehensible about sleep deprivation .
true but reznick also makes things sort of interesting plus there are some good scenes with her like her helping claire after her mom 's death .
jordan basically just shits on everyone lol although i think we will eventually see some good stuff from her .
it 's also a bit different since reznick and the other doctors were at the same level .
like she would argue with dr. murphy and stuff but they were both residents .
jordan is a brand new resident and argues with the chief of surgery .
not to mention that i think the way she handled the teenage girl who wanted the breast surgery was pretty terrible .
reznick was mainly rude towards the other residents which provided some drama but jordan is just pretty rude and judgmental towards senior doctors and also patients .
weird u made this post base on yo post history bruh
she is my most played ship so here are my thoughts having been through the learning curve through many mistakes
i know this always an objective but you can dev strike her massive citadel more than other bb .
her bow is weak but a good player knows this and should never bow tank .
however if played right 45 degree angle front or back she will bounce everything she meets only yamato could pen but they do not meet .
you need to switch to he for someone angled right or aim at superstructure guns .
i can bounce ap all day long at the right angles .
she is very slow including turning so be patient and she will show broadside at some point to avoid torps or aim on another ship dodge an island etc .
she is also very prone to torp hits so hit her hard after she has used flood repair .
it 's amazing that you can sleep with all that i tried with a 20mm it was different i guess i just have to get use to it and great stretch btw very hot mmm
here is a video by warren redlich why this is bad though .
took me 6 months doing only building and fishing rq 🙂
if this deal has expired you can reply to this comment with deal expired to automatically close it .
if this deal has been mistakenly closed or has been restocked you can open it again by replying with deal available .
check the faq at r/marvel or ask them they 'll have better answers over there
the ocean is already in space technically we did it !
i guess it 's to make her more yokais like but it 's just look like a smile kinda odd need to see more
maybe she has magic properties and give life to her spider part
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansasstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
i find soaps to be badly acted unrealistic depressionfests ... others enjoy them .
see from my perspective got had side quests i was really excited to play and i felt added a hell of a lot to the story and world .
ffviir had a lot of side quests that felt like they were there to pad out the game .
the actual main game of ffviir was definitely worth it and i loved a lot of the changes made adding new depth to a lot of old characters .
the fact it will allow a totally new story to be told is great news .
not exactly a conversation more of a scene because it was a semi amateur romanian porn and i do n't understand the language .
a bodybuilder type of guy was fucking a girl who was a paid actress '' on a couch .
they start taunting him slapping his ass while he 's fucking .
at one point one friend naked but with a t-shirt on his head tries to join in on the action but the girl pushes him away .
bodybuilder has changed position so tries to spit on the vagina to lubricate her but has problems with that ?
and here comes the t-shirt friend that spits on her vagina from 2m afar she gets up to beat the shit out of him and everyone is dying laughing .
does dlss only work if i 'm playing at resolutions above 1080p ?
i never hear of people from the northeast getting abducted .
as someone whose who has done the opposite camp shuffle to you i 'm curious what made you switch to feetures .
for me i found stance fit better i 'm awkwardly between sizes in feetures their merino wool styles kept me warmer and drier in the rain and the stance socks have so many fun options which obviously makes a difference to your performance haha .
each time you get upset but do n't leave only cements in his mind you are ok with it .
and at some point you will have to say either its ok .
i can deal with it '' or i can not be happy like this '' and make a change .
yes it 's you the seller not the parent who has left it til the last minute who has ruined christmas .
burns is doing the cricket equivalent of his last 3 games of the denver series .
it 's so pleasing and gentle every single color meshes so nicely from the scales to the leaves to the lineart and even the background .
i 'd love to see how you do other tribes !
on the one hand the jedi being hypocrites is a major theme of the movie and one of the major reasons anakin turns .
on the other i do n't think obi wan is speaking literally and considers anyone dealing in absolutes a member of one specific dark magic cult .
it 's a valid criticism with a little hyperbole .
it 's definitely nothing compared anakin saying iif you 're not with me you 're my enemy ! ''
and strangling his wife over a perceived lack of support for his career .
we 've been keeping them separated most of the time always when we 're not home and when we 're sleeping and it 's been helping i think !
this kitten is tough i have tons of faith in her .
make sure to check out these other great onlyfans promotion subreddits !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans_promo if you have any questions or concerns .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansasstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
he really appreciates policies he can not control dictating what to do with land in front of his house .
instead takes care of what he owns a patch of land if a 30 year leasehold is 'owning ' .
no one in the village cares much when a storm comes and blows crops away or unharvestable not worth eating destined to the silo for industrial use in a shitty instant noodle product .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansasstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
i have been on very tall buildings and have seen the curvature of the earth
the fact we have small pocket computers that can search up just about anything
yup i have the 6600k and driving around absolutely destroys my framerate .
a lot more in third person for some reason first person is relatively smooth .
i purchased the ps4 version to play on ps5 and it does n't even look or run like a run of the mill ps4 game .
cdpr nuked the fuck out of the game to get it to run on last gen .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
if you have the need to watch all of a certain franchise no matter what then you need help .
it kills me how there were hundreds of people that were protesting him being sentenced to life..these people actually believed that he was just a plumbing supplies salesman was just a victim of a witch hunt..
if you 've only made it to the end of the second floor you have only experienced a tiny fraction of the game including almost none of the main story side stories and obviously no post game .
that does n't mean rogue-likes might still not be for you of course !
but the reason this game gets so much praise is because not only does it do rogue-like well but it blends in a linear narrative in a way almost never seen in the genre
can you configure it to always boot up to an external input ?
if so get a shield or similar media streaming device and have that be your smarts instead of the tv .
spotify is notoriously famous for never implementing anything their paid customers are asking for .
they always say the same thing create an idea and pray '' .
after a few years they 'll say with a blank face that your idea did n't get enough likes '' .
its been a while for me but i do n't remember getting sec csc etc .
so if you 've ever heard of apac or fsc they have set industry standards for testing .
these are separate from any hospital or insurance program or doctor .
there are two companies that do this talent testing and cutting edge testing .
and as far as working for studios or with any professional performer a test from this industry standard is what is required .
a test from your personal gp doctor which might include genital swabs would not be accepted at any professional studios apparently except the one you state you work for .
now obviously if you have a clip store or website or whatever and are hiring amateurs and paying them you 're making money and that 's great for you but you 're not an industry-recognized professional studio completing the protocols necessary as such .
i think it is a bug try reporting it on the bugs channel on the discord
is anyone else getting major night circus vibes from the video ?
is dating the opposite sex while being bi and having a slight prefer to the same sex ok ... . ?
you 're attracted/in love with someone you both want to be with each other what else should there be ?
same day as sephiroth being announced as the new dlc fighter in smash .
heck yea that 's good but this mans deep words didnt make you cry
that 's quite a bit of money but more widely spread instead of only going to the winners
so new logitech doorbell is in and weather is cold and snowy so not in the mood to play around in the cold to install it .
yet i 'm hesitant because i have the doorbell i have been waiting for .
the only issue is now i will lose functionality in my two echo shows i have .
so i have a ring pro doorbell and and echo show 5 and 8 .
i just got the 5 from abode and place that in my bedroom and the 8 is in the kitchen .
the show is great as when we are in the kitchen and the doorbell rings and the tv is n't on we can see whose at the door without pulling out the phones .
with the 5 now in the bedroom when i have the baby in the bed for a nap i can see whose at the door in a glance as well .
now i do have homepods and with facial recognition that will help feel the void once i get faces into my library .
so good thing is i have an og homepod in the living room and kitchen area .
i have a mini in the basement in my office area .
i have another mini that will be a present for wifey that will go on her side of the bed .
hopefully apple will come out with a echo show competitor soon and i will completely ditch all my echo devices like i truly would like to .
and hopefully we can get some minis at a discount as well .
not mad it 's strictly homekit as my schlage sense is homekit only .
i 've had at i thought were seasonal allergies cold like symptoms sneezing funny nose on and off for the last five years .
it 's been getting progressively worse in the last two years .
last year i did a skin prick test that was inconclusive .
this year i started also getting an allergic reaction on my face puffy eyes with redness and dryness on patches also on my upper lip and forehead .
then i went and got a blood test done at the ent doctor .
had a call with him and he said i 'm not allergic to anything .
honestly i expected him to say i 'm allergic to multiple things not nothing !
are there other ways to investigate what i could be allergic to ?
are the hottest guys on pll but keegan is so cute .
i like that he is n't attractive in the generic way
unless otherwise mentioned all pieces are included with booklet .
although i have n't traded here i do trade regularly on r/miniswap and r/ffgtrade you can check on r/miniswapkarma under tealadin .
also have a scout bike with a missing fin and the straps no missing parts but missing tree 7128 and 7121 respectively .
4970 chrome crusher 50 missing front dish and glowy pole 3 pieces total
edit i posted everything on ebay after a few days many have already sold .
anything remaining after a week i 'm giving to my niece .
im an active person running 5x per week rock climbing weight lifting and yoga .
i did about 3 hours of working out a day .
as per usual in the winter months i got a cold .
however this cold was worse than times i 've had the flu .
waking up in the middle of the night barely able to breath and coughing so hard it felt like my lungs were coming up .
after three weeks this cold dies down and i started feeling normal again .
then i randomly get another cough and laryngitis for three days .
in january 2020 i have multiple stomach bugs nothing major .
march comes and i get another stomach bug no vomiting just hurting this time it leaves me feeling bloated and belching constantly .
it 's trouble getting a deep breath feeling hungry for air and not much else .
at this time i had no fever or any other covid symptoms and testing was n't available in my area .
mid april comes and i 'm out for a run and have to walk and take off my bra because i could n't stand tightness of it i 've worn it running many times before .
the next week i have my first ever panic attack in a grocery store heart went crazy my arms felt numb and i was really feeling the trouble breathing .
i have another panic attack right after on my drive home .
i decide to stop drinking coffee and take a week off of working out .
that week the breathing gets worse no activity i was basically on the couch all week and i felt like i could never get enough air .
again no fever but then it would get worse in the evenings and would be accompanied by chest tightness and pain .
anxiety and panic attacks are consistent at this point .
my sister calls urgent care and er and they say they ca n't see me unless i 'm gasping for air .
we figured i was n't gasping but were really nervous watching to see if my lips turned blue and were ready to go to the er if it came to that .
the week goes on and every night i feel myself freaking out about not being able to breath taking hot baths and staying up fearing sleep .
we finally are able to contact a doctor that is doing in person visits and they agree to see me since i did n't have any other covid symptoms .
at the doctors appointment i 'm suspected to have vocal cord dysfunction gerd and anxiety .
they run a full blood panel and ekg both normal .
i start taking omeprazole and black cumin seed oil .
over the next few weeks the breathing is slightly better but then the heart stuff begins .
each time i 'd get up from bed my heart rate would skyrocket to 140-160 .
if i did anything other than sit on the couch it was thumping and fast .
it pounded so hard it moved me and i could see it push my chest out .
other symptoms are still going on gerd anxiety breathing new ones come dizziness heart palpitations tinnitus headaches .
i ca n't sleep at night because my heart is pounding and feels over worked .
i 'm told again it 's really bad anxiety gerd and vcd .
i do n't take them just yet because i did n't want to resort to that right away .
i do n't take anytime off work because my doctor said i did n't have to .
i start taking cbd to sleep and magnesium hoping it 'll help .
i ca n't go running without having major anxiety for days after .
for some reason biking is fine as long as it 's fairly slow .
gyms are closed so i was n't weight lifting anyways .
at the end of june the palpitations are getting more frequent and severely worse as in they felt more forceful .
i 'm still working but struggling to keep panic attacks away .
i start freaking myself out by ready symptoms of heart disease and other things my symptoms aligned with .
he seems more concerned by my fast heart rate and palpitations .
we do more bloodwork and check thyroid both normal .
my husband and i move and i have to start biking to work .
palpitations are about 10x a day but i 'm used to them now and they do n't cause panic .
i find biking to work is great and i can even do body weight exercises and more intense yoga .
i go to the cardiologist and get another ekg she does n't tell me anything just what tests we need to do .
an echocardiogram is ordered and i get sent a heart monitor .
i wear the heart monitor for two week and send it back .
the echo will cost me 1,300 so i cancel it i did n't have the money for it at the time .
also this heart clinic was not very fun to deal with hard to get a hold of and so expensive even with insurance .
we 're also moving out of the town soon so i did n't want too much established with them .
since i 'm feeling like i can actually live again even though i still ca n't run hike or lift weights .
but the dizziness anxiety and panic attacks are gone .
i feel better than i have in a long time .
i stop taking the black cumin seed oil but continue the omeprazole cbd and magnesium .
the last day of my job i start feeling like i 'm getting a uti not bad but definitely uncomfortable .
the next day i start peeing blood and get really painful .
twi excruciating days later while we were moving we go to the er and find out i have a kidney infection .
they run more bloodwork and a pregnancy test bloodwork is fine except for the infection and negative pregnancy test .
i 'm on antibiotics 4x per day to treat the infection .
i 'm not exercising due to the move and the infection .
2 days into the antibiotics i have the most heart palpitations i 've ever had in a day 50 or more .
other symptoms seem fine the trouble breathing is always there .
the heart palpitations go down and i even have days without them it was months since that happened .
the rest of september i do mild exercise start my new job and symptoms are all bearable .
tons of fires are going on and we are in a high smoke area .
heart palpitations are fairly spread out and i was so happy about it .
i start having multiple panic attacks per day again tons of anxiety palpitations major dizziness numbness in limbs twitching muscles chest tightness and pain and tension headaches .
i go see a doctor in my new town .
she agrees it 's anxiety but orders an echocardiogram just in case as well as a magnesium test prescribes propranolol .
i do n't take it just yet still thinking there 's something going on .
i 'm not low on magnesium so i stop taking it .
symptoms die down again probably due to anxiety after the echo .
breathing gets worse palpitations are 1 every four days which is fantastic .
heart rate is n't bad unless i do a more intense workout .
trouble swallowing my tongue cramps and i 'm having full body tremors .
a chest x-ray ana test covid antibody and pulmonary function test are ordered .
ana is negative antibody is negative chest x-ray shows slight hyperinflation and pulmonary test is scheduled for the end of december .
i 'm prescribed inhaler to see if it helps with the breathing and i try the propranolol .
it helps with the pounding heart and fast rate but it makes me feels weird .
i was told i could take it sporadically just when i felt really anxious or after a workout .
breathing is still difficult while waiting on the pulmonary test i 'm taking the magnesium omeprazole a dose of propranolol here and there and the inhaler .
i 've started b12 to see if it would help at all .
it 's hard to workout because of breathing and heart rate .
i wake up with tingling legs and arms and a dry throat .
and i can basically expect a headache every few days .
i ca n't believe that it would just be anxiety .
i do breathing techniques and they 're difficult and do n't help .
i 've been panic attack free for a few weeks now but anxiety is still a struggle .
i 'm not a stressed person my job is n't stressful my life is great other than this .
i still eat healthy and do n't drink caffeine .
but i 'm craving to run and workout again and be able to breathe normally .
the reason i 'm posting this is because i think it 's post covid syndrome .
i 'm thankful to have it as mild as i do because it sounds like some people ca n't do anything but sleep .
i 'm wondering if anyone is experiencing this and what you 're doing to treat it .
and for those who are worse off than me you 're not alone and i believe we 'll get through this .
i am from r/churchofmineta a mod we would like an ally here .
i feel like it 's just a personal preference .
also i feel like they 're just on average less likely to be clean .
i really just do n't wan na take the chance on accidentally eating dick cheese .
i am curious to know how you guys do it ?
i usually get so submerged into the stories i daydream that they are speaking directly to me .
i was in party domain earlier farming noblesse artifact but there 's one of them suspicious as hell .
3 fatui mage stand there not moving shield not break at all and we attack the hp directly it feels like our damage doing multiplierx2-3-4 the dungeon completed less than 60 seconds .
after the dungeon end i immediately report the 3 of them because i do n't know who is cheating i just reported 3 of them i am sure one of them will get banned .
in case newbs do n't know how to report here is the steps .
if you party with them before they will appear in your friend list .
go to friend menu hover to third coloumn it shows recent co-op players and report your party member earlier .
let 's make this genshin impact game clean and free of cheats .
i am houkai impact players as well those played the game will know it there 's many cheaters every week and it 's our part to report them those in hi3 abyss always use weak team to clear that 's easy target for example
i do n't care if this got downvote a lot but i just want to share awareness and you should do your part report these people .
and no mihoyo does n't randomly banned people they investigate the account throughly before taking action please use your brain.exe
haters just gon na hate they just gon na deny everything they does n't see fit .
they just like a child always believe fairy tale santa is real nobody can destroy the santa santa is invicible .
for those comment because ping issues my whole game all get green ping and i always play at 60-90ms sorry i do n't know what 's the feeling play with your dial-up connection .
and does high ping does n't need to break shield at all ?
maybe i should download while playing so i can attack enemies hp directly
the last probably one of you is cheater and afraid your beloved klee got banned congrats try harder
wanting to buy some computer parts but i want to support a local business thats maybe hit by covid instead of a large chain or god forbid give it to bezos .
portland is a tad too far but beaverton or tualatin is manageable .
got a few buddies and i looking for a clan to play crucible trials raids etc .
we love competitive game modes and we are open to branch out and meet more people to have fun and talk .
please let me know we are all over 18 years of age if that is a matter .
hi all i 'm narrowing down my new dog picks bichon frise is my top contender .
i 'm also a plant lady so i 'm wondering if anyone has plants if so do your bichon 's get into or try to eat them ?
also anyone in the us know of reputable breeders btwn north carolina and maryland ?
so there 's a song i remember faintly where there 's a woman singing in the beginning and in the background throughout the song with male rappers as the main artists .
i think the title had some sort of location/name of a place in it if that helps at all !
me and two friends really enjoy hunt showdown and we were looking for some similiar games .
now i crossed on this game and i have a few questions
is the loot shared at the end of round ?
considering switching to one of the meds in my green column — that med is pristiq .
would love to hear experiences of those who have had positive or negative experiences by taking medications as recommended by the results .
i 'm trying to go for the new scout but i simply ca n't get what i 'm looking for .
there is simply too much on the loot table for the amount of tokens we get .
beyond the 200 tokens from the bounties we need more per match .
if someone is aware of god and they believe yet choose to commit sins anyway would they be judged harsher for them than someone who did n't know god or follow the bible ?
sinning seems more intentional and defiant if you know god so i was wondering if the bible mentions this or anything similar .
after this christmas update do the mopeds feel slower ?
did the dev do this or is it just me ?
also is it true the speed depends on your moods ?
unspoken prayers request s or a specific situation s need s please let me know how i can pray for you and i will .
toxic tunnels you need to beat 2:01.66 to obtain my platinum relic .
i do n't speak enough propane to articulate what i have except to say it 's a 120g tank and amerigas can suck my frozen asshole .
i 'd like to plumb in a hose fittings so that i can hook up a readily available 20 lbs tank .
what am i looking for as far as kits ?
mostly google is bouncing back with rv stuff but is that likely to be the same or interchangeable with what you 'd find on a mobile home ?
i love big ones small ones curvy ones jiggly ones bruised ones unblemished ones tight ones loose ones asses clothed in tight pants asses hidden under dress skirts asses with buttplugs inside gaped assholes tight assholes asses in ripped pants asses under thongs asses under panties asses lifted up for a little tease—god i love asses !
i could look at them for hours and never get tired of them .
whether they 're spread exposing a girl 's sexy pussy and asshole while she 's on all fours or face-down ass-up either-or shaking with her hips as she walks to the other room with a tail for all you furries out there lookin ' out for you homies bouncing on a thick cock while the girl moans for her daddy ...
the asshole just completes the ass chalk that line up to a sentence i never thought i 'd type seriously and i will now start laughing my ass off ... okay done now in my humble opinion .
when it 's clean when it 's perfect it is perfect and i 'm not fucking kidding !
i love the way it looks when you tease it too .
i have n't been lucky enough to do this to a girl/boy/any other submissive fun person of other genders but i saw in a clip once where this guy was tugging on a girl 's buttplug while it was still in her ass and the area around the asshole moved with it .
wan na know something that compliments asses aside from lingerie ?
i salivate at the thought of me teasing or eating an asshole out and their pussy just starts ... dripping from pleasure it just makes me want a taste of the pussy instead .
bonus points if the girl/other starts moaning heartily from the asshole stimulation then quivers from the pussy .
god i 'm jacking off after every sentence while typing this i swear .
admittedly i 'm a degenerate so i 've been getting into gay porn a little more recently .
any gender can have a good ass in my opinion
part of me just loves a good set of balls dropping and a cute/thick cock getting hard in the middle of me eating their ass out making me want to suck or lick them while i switch to fingering the ass or shoving a dildo or buttplug inside
mmm ... i just came while typing that last sentence just thinking about it
this was a little something to ruminate on while you 're jacking off or jilling off waiting for a reply or just while browsing .
if you wan na stop by want to chat about asses or if you wan na be generous send me some good ass gifs or videos or pics hentai or irl either-or feel free to do so !
i 'd love a little company while i play some age of calamity !
to get on my good side send some nintendo girl ass particularly botw zelda ass !
if anyone has ruby dominique wilkins i strongly suggest trying him out i used him in a triple threat to do the xp challenges with him and my god .
he 's fast can handle the ball better than a sf ruby should be able to and the dunks we know about them .
one aspect that i really like is his lateral quickness it allows him to recover from a blow by and get a chase down block .
if you 're a nms player or budget baller and are looking for a cheap card to have a lot of fun with .
just follow along with a guide track on youtube and send me your video !
find the curl of f i x 2 yz j y 2 zx k z 2 xy
reviews of the game aside i have been having a hard time distinguishing enemies in environments .
i 've tried a lot of different settings have n't found much to help .
any changes that worked for y'all in this game or previously ?
fyi i 'm running a 1080 and an i5 with medium-ish settings .
have n't had this issue in other games so i think it 's a setting problem somewhere .
trying to play all the fabric 3 but having some issues mainly with the fact that whenever i hit play on minecraft it goes to gameout put and ends after a while with
kubejs currently does not support java 15 or above .
please use java 14 or below while we work on this issue sorry !
i was thinking about getting a genesis but i keep reading mixed reviews on it so i wanted too see if anyone has had any experience ?
ive recently picked up practicing and labbing since school is over .
what can anyone tell me about his b assist and if anyone can show me some people utilizing it .
team im considering playing goku blue point hit mid krillin anchor .
thank you to anyone who took the time to read .
so i know this is a bit of a dumb question but this is something that my anxious ass ca n't wrap my mind around .
like i think what i understand what flirting is and through text i think i 'm not terrible at it .
but that 's only because i have hours to overthink and come up with a response lol .
i hate the idea of making someone uncomfortable and following the advice of pua feels creepy too me .
i just talk to women i 'm interested in like i would to anyone else basically which is what everyone else says i should do .
i usually just use humor to help myself relax and break the ice a bit .
it works most of the times and i end up having good conversations .
on the few dates on i 've done this but thing is get really into talking and joking around i forget to flirt with them i guess ?
idk sometimes it feels like i 'm doing something wrong i 'm really inexperience so i 'm not sure .
but i 'm too afraid of making someone uncomfortable by touching them or saying something .
its weird because i 'm pretty sure i 'm not creepy theres a decent amount of women i 'm friends with and i 'm 100 sure they 'd call me out if i acted that way .
so i do n't really know why i worry about this so much .
housewife escorts rolla sharjah o555226484 escorts rolla sharjah uae welcome we are entertainers and indian escorts service provider in rolla sharjah .
how are you all we know most of you are bored in this lockdown .
but you do not worry because your model is now available 24x7 at your services .
you have bored following the same routine business meetings workload pressure and much more .
want some fresh start to have spent time with a female escort ?
also available escorts services types rolla sharjah escorts rolla sharjah call girls o555226484 rolla sharjah escort service rolla sharjah call girls service female escorts in rolla sharjah rolla sharjah escort agency rolla sharjah call girls agency o555226484 indian escorts in rolla sharjah indian call girls in rolla sharjah independent escort in rolla sharjah o555226484 rolla sharjah lady service bollywood escort rolla sharjah vip escorts rolla sharjah hi profile escort rolla sharjah o555226484
lets say a person lacks squares in a chart is it good to lack it ?
what modern fantasy authors have fast paced writing styles and interesting magic ?
in the shop if i press on it it just comes up with a blank white page ca n't buy it s anyone know how to fix this ?
pasco motors https www.pascotata.com is one of the renowned commercial truck 's dealers in india that offers all types of tata trucks .
having hands-on experience in the trucks the experts here offers you the best deals with the best guidance of tata trucks .
i 've spent nearly 100€ and after mailing spanish and english cs with every related informations no replies after 1 week and in-game tickets no replies after 4 days .
i literally do n't know what else to do or how to proceed .
you 're telling me that a multi million dollar company ca n't hire personal to make this faster for everyone ?
edit if you need any help go to r/genshinhacked for more info on how to proceed in case your account gets robbed .
𝗧𝗪 orgasm torture restraints masochism overstimulation enjoy yourselves you lovely sinners 😏
the inccoming vibrations made me struggle to swallow my own saliva .
i tried to shift my focus on how the rain doused the windowpane leaving behind splattered droplets that would follow the motion of gravity .
it felt like i was on the brink again and again .
i could feel the waves of pleasure sinking me into madness .
i have n't even touched your sweet spot yet . ''
his/her hot breath against my ear as he/she whispered .
i felt a smirk form on his/her lips after he/she subsequently devoured my mouth eliciting shudders down my spine .
i 've climaxed enough times to render my mind dizzy with overstimulation .
i had to strain to comprehend what was going on and to maintain my breath .
i tensed up and for the nth time i tugged longingly at my restraints in the hopes of relief .
all i could so is sit here and take it !
the mind-numbing sensations sent me into overdrive due to collective oversensitivity .
as i felt another build-up he/she pounded into me .
all the hazy pleasure left me unable to notice that he/she was already positioned at the entrance of my soaking cunt .
he/she kissed them away and added a slight suckle .
a soft please '' was all i could manage .
he/she placed a hand on my hip to steady me as i frantically squirmed deepening his/her strokes in the process .
the other hand was then gently placed on my cheek as he/she leaned down to place passionate kisses on my trembling lips .
i wanted him/her to understand how ridiculously emersed i was into this fucked up sensation .
my inability to express that and release my wails only added to the torment .
it was only then that i realized that my breath was stuck in my throat .
my brain simply could no longer phathom what should be an unprompted physiological process .
he/she slowed down the paced and urgently grasped away the vibrator .
i heaved loudly as if submerged in water about to drown .
i am absolutely certain that i look pathetic in this moment .
sensing my additional unease he/she pressed feathered kisses up the side of my cheek .
despite this the slow rocking motion in my throbbing heat made me whine out once more .
it was more than enough to drive me to another release .
i sighed in ecstasy as my eyes rolled back in pleasure for the 5th time after dinner .
as he/she pulled out bodily fluids coated the appendage .
the cotton material of his/her shirt the only item of clothing i had on was now drenched by both sweat and cum .
he/she plunged his/her middle finger firmly into my cunt .
i arched my back and shut my eyes tightly .
i slowly opened my eyes panting as he/she took it out and brought the finger to my lips .
he/she then spread went back and spread the rest of the liquids up to my clit .
he/she must have not understood just how critically he/she ruined me as he/she gently stroked it slowly .
for heaven 's sake he/she fails to consider that i was still oversensitive from all that had just occured .
to make matters worse he/she did n't realize that my orgasmic contractions were n't from the my previous release but that of another rising climax .
i choked back sobs as that all too familiar feeling of flying higher and higher has returned .
i thrashed as much as the restraints allowed me .
he/she wrapped the arm that was used to steady my hips around my waist .
while pulling me into the warm embrace all i could manage were whimpers as he/she still had the other snaked below to slowly rub my clit with tender strokes .
in my desperation to knock some sense into him/her i wanted pull his/her hair out .
but to my dismay i could only muster weak moans .
i taste the salty tears streaming down my flushed cheeks .
but this was not what i was looking for when i told him/her that i was still hungry .
i cried out again startling him/her as he/she probably thought that the stroking was helping me ride out the most recent high .
regardless of my squirmish behavior i am in absolutely addicted to the tortured bliss but ...
my body and mind were too ravaged to even decide otherwise .
it was at that moment that the world went dark .
i had passed out surrendering to the reverie of prevailing unconsciousness .
💌 feel free to comment criticism questions or your precious lil ' reactions !
let 's have some kinky 😌 discussion in the comments because i 'm in desperate need of social interaction 😤
design development and revamping of the ui architecture of one of the key products .
should be good in project management skills and effectively communicate with all internal stakeholders as on when required .
understanding functional requirements thoroughly and analyzing the client 's needs in the context of the project .
envisioning the overall solution for defined functional and non-functional requirements and being able to define technologies patterns and frameworks to realize it .
creating understanding and validating wbs and estimated effort for given module/task and being able to justify it
addressing issues promptly responding positively to setbacks and challenges with a mindset of continuous improvement
giving constructive feedback to the team members and setting clear expectations .
i 'm really confused on what you even build on her now .
and then i see a bunch of time builds that start with a bork night harvester .
some ppl build nashors tooth and lich bane ? ?
i 'm super confused on what is good and when i really want to get better with katarina but i 'm completely lost on item and runs builds .
could anyone help me out or point me to a guide ?
i bought galaxy note 10 lite back in september it has n't been a year and the phone is not charging .
i called samsung and they said this is an international version and the warranty would n't be honored .
i went to the local store and was told i need a new motherboard and a new screen so it 's not worth it .
i honestly believe they did n't know how to fix it and messed up the screen because since i took it back from them the charging port gets really hot when i plug in the cable .
has anyone faced the same charging problem before and did that require changing the entire motherboard ?
does n't say anything about times in the app is it 11am to 5pm like usual c-days ?
so for context my brother and i work in the same warehouse and sometimes carpool together since we usually have similar shifts on the weekends .
i 'm also hard of hearing and he knows a few signs/i 'm shy so i stick around my brother a lot .
also i was raised calling him brother so i say hey bro or just brother to get his attention sometimes .
well we got separated when we walked into work but ended up next to each other in the queue line to get our assigned stations for the day and i thought that was cool since it never works out that way .
i was excitedly talking/signing to him as the line was slow and we chatted for a minute or two until the line moved .
a few minutes later i thought ‘oh i should double check that i can get a ride back home with him after work since we 're off at different times . '
so i turned around and asked hey bro can i go home with you tonight ? he gave me the most perplexed look and i tried to sign ‘go home ' while asking again and he looked really confused and then muttered something .
i got closer and then heard what i assumed was no.
i felt confused but figured maybe something came up so i said ok and figured i 'd just double check on my break when i could text him .
well i got to the front and got my assignment but when i turned back around to head to the door i realised that the man who 'd been standing behind me in line looked just like my brother but in completely different clothes like baggier and a different style .
we gave each other the strangest look as i walked away and all i could think was ‘did i not notice my brother wearing that ?
i got to my station and about an hour later my brother walked by in the same clothes and we stared at each other the whole time .
i kept thinking ‘ok did i piss off my bro or something ?
i messaged him on my break and he said he 'd been standing behind me in line but they 'd pulled him aside part way through to give him a different assignment i just had n't noticed probably cuz i ca n't hear shit lol .
so i had talked to him at the beginning that was indeed my brother .
i just asked a complete stranger if i could go home with him .
now my brother wo n't stop sending me gifs congratulating me on my game lol
so i keep seeing ads for manscape that electric razor and can i just say like ive never seen tech like that for womens razors .
thats why im here i need to find something better than plain razors the ones i use now are suppodedly higher end but barely work .
normally gendered products i dont really cinsider a thing but when it comes to those areas '' id like to hope theres either no difference at all or a logical one .
so anyone out here use manscape or know if electric razors for women ?
can someone make a horror game out of that ... .. thing ?
it would be maybe be creepy or down right scary !
it 's not going to be better in 2 days .
6 months maybe or when the true next gen patches arrive .
game is doa for last gen consoles sadly it should never have been released for them .
orange dots on the maps are gauges that have recorded 50-99mm in the last 24h red dots are gauges that have recorded over 100mm .
should i get a 650w one like other people said ?
for as much as it can be possible i think that they are n't scripted .
they have so many unwritten little rules that i think it can be really boring for everyone to sit down and write all the details of a manhunt to then record them .
from my perspective a lot of manhunts get redone more than they want to admit and there might be parts when the hunters calm down to let dream not die so badly or to get him time to do stuff but i think that 's part of the process of the making because for me manhunt is n't about the hunters killing dream while he runs away it 's about getting in tricky situations and getting out of them the most creative way possible .
of course they have to kill dream but i think that for the sake of content the have to stick to those rules we do n't really know like the nether traveling or the early killing while trying to keep it entertaining for us .
what issues are you running into while streaming that will need more cores ?
an nvidia card has the encoder on it and a 5600x is about the same multicore as the 3700x .
i just hit a point where i was just like ... fuck this
moving target iron gaze should give you that i have the same roll also .
it is from ancient jewish mysticism which was later adapted by anti-g/*mer bible study groups like the hermetic order of the golden dawn and crowley 's thelema !
since g/*mers hate god they can not be affiliated with the sephiroth !
that 's why i have to end with an exclamation mark !
can you help fix it next time we see each other at church !
hi not sure whether you could check this but is the monitor able to run the display from two different gpu ?
i intend to boot simultaneously from two different gpus displaying two different oses on the same monitor .
i 've played over 100 matches since the new season started and i had only bad experiences .
is there a player all those matches have in common ?
the devils night series has some streamyyy smut it 's more romance thriller but still an amazing read that keeps you on edge ... . lots of enemies to lovers too
the addicted calloway sisters series is also very spicy and 10 books but it 's more focused on romance and family but an amazing read and will not disappoint .
as far as i no the nye fireworks this year got canned .
so it wo n't be as busy as usual iam guessing
a lone man gets out of going to jail and ends up having to raise a young girl
we 're talking about lorrie drivers whining about the curve warning signs being too fast .
some are just negligible and other things are actually contributing like eating meat and dairy
based on other comments they are on spirit air .
that 's about the cost of dinner and drinks at tgi friday .
i do n't get the feeling these people are raking it in .
i dread to ask what banging '' means in this context
i 'd say request it but do n't spam comments .
pizza delivery is still an elite skin for the memes tho
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bollywoodfashion if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're literally saying they could fix it by charging us more lol
not when i get frozen that 's less fun .
the character progression of cp has a number of issues from perks mostly just being small stat boosts rather than unique changes to hacking being largely untenable until you have invested heavily in skills and gear for it which is n't really possible early or near mid game not really presenting a good pacing of getting money and so everything is so expensive you really do n't know whether to save or just buy incremental improvements here and there and the scaling of enemies really messes with the levelling system because it often eliminates a sense of progress .
then consider the issues with managing crafting resources with upgrading and crafting gear .
when you 're analysing something it 's important to stay objective during whole process .
u have to ignore your emotions so the results makes sense and are reasonable .
i 'm not going to take the results seriously when ppl who obviously do n't like you were responsible for investigation https twitter.com/twjulietta/status/1337523926163972101
in terms of being overlooked i can tell you that that picture does nothing for me well nothing good .
and the name is just making me think about fringe .
but then i avoided deus ex for many years because i did n't like the name or cover either so it could be good .
yep looking forward on buying an ssd so i can get this loading time below 10 minutes .
it just gets progressively worse until you ca n't go from a to b or in a hunt without making a fire anymore .
at some point you wo n't be able to make a fire and bam you 're dead .
in stalker and interloper it is impossible to survive infinitely because of this and probably other reasons .
we are not measuring the sperm count in your throat here .
aileen she 's a underestimated monster truck once she 's synched with sirene and properly built
yelma 's axe throw can one shot and she crits a lot .
and all the black man gets is a plate of white lies
dint we have huge debt to china and the saudis ?
lightly brushing a quarterback 's helmet is an affront to the nfl and i 'll forever stand by that .
looks like they are copying the ants like cum guy
have a spare grass crest shield havel ring 3 or prisoner 's chain you 'd be willing to part with ?
the fan is fun but i ca n't use it effectively most days same with the soda popper .
i 've been using the baby face quite a bit recently though which has been fun .
i 'm lvl 19 and i had 34k roubles today .
alternatively do n't give a release date and then delay the game for months shortly before its due several times only to release it in an unfinished state anyway because you do n't want to miss out on the holiday sales .
people were happy with when it 's done '' for years it was n't until they started with concrete release days they could n't keep when things turned sour .
no matter what the sorry its 'headline does n't align enough with jy personal views so make it this long im sure everyone will click the article now '
i have n't played it but i believe it 's an enormous game with lots of features .
games just take time to make especially if they 're big .
nayeon x fanfare will try to share once i receive it .
we 're watching a political party literally trying to bargain americans ' voting rights away ?
that every little stunt like this puts us closer and closer to a future where voting really ca n't be trusted and the only recourse to not being represented is widespread violence ?
if democrats take this lying down like they will we 're fucked .
the cooling system seems to be the exact same .
these are the only three differences i could find between the cards
2.you get an extended 4 year warranty on the gaming cards
3.a toggleable 'silent mode ' which gigabyte claims should 'provide a quieter experience ' .
again this is feature is only present on the gaming series .
me realising i dominated a sniper hours ago hold up
yes we have op mc and rpg style novels .
ps we named it zetro because it sounded cool .
the only complaint i have is they do n't react to my nudity
i would'nt call it overhyped it seems like a very common thing with drastic weight loss .
of course not everyones bodies are the same and there are many factors that can effect loose skin .
there are a few ways to help with reducing it like oils and building muscle to fill it out a bit and over time the skin will start to naturally tighten back up .
i 'm so ready to buy gas and groceries right now
is that all you want to do is play video games with a guy
yes i have a diy bong here somewhere yes but the big issue is that i only got a can of depdorant and a dead ligther as my lighter .
i spark the lighter and shoot the deodorant juice on it and get the flames of hell in my living room
yes i 'm not saying the groups were n't rigged because i 've kept up with the news on this and they obviously were .
i 'm just saying that the specific instances that you call rigging are either not rigging or legal rigging which they ca n't be prosecuted for .
alongside the stuff you mentioned they tampered with the votes which is illegal and rigging in every sense of the word .
cool i can tell it 's not american because it has very bizarre hardware that i ca n't recognize .
aaaaand that 's why he 's been on tinder for at least the last 3 years i 've known him with 0 luck .
once he tried taking some girl he had been talking to for 3 days to disney world we live in jersey it 's not necessarily close and she noped tf out .
probably thought he was some serial killer i would 've tbh lol
it only works on abilities that deal physical damage though .
i dare tou play sona nad have agency you probably doe n't even know what her abilities do and when she can be usefull .
deok sun a ray of sunshine such a feel good character .
she is an average girl with so much to give so caring .
i did n't identify with her but i loved her and cried for her and laughed with her .
ko moon young coz she is badass troubled and just so sassy and unapologetically speaks her mind
goblin kim shin guardian i do n't know if it 's bcoz of gong yoo probably is but the dichotomy of that character was incredible .
just a character you will remember for a long time .
it is no mean feat to be the stand out character in a high-profile character-led drama .
ignoring the abuse part this seems to be really cute honestly with this art style and the sfw boobie good looking
i 'm sure op is about to go out and buy a series s and a ps4 to prove a point to a random on the internet
i was referring more to the populace than the politicians themselves .
maybe i should have said liberal or progressive instead of leftist .
if she does n't poop soon take her to the vet there could be something else going on .
sometimes cats do n't like particular litters if they have paw problems the grainy litters can cause them pain .
make sure you 're keeping the litter really clean .
political and commercial t. yuzefovich st. petersburg 1869 https runivers.ru/upload/iblock/127/uzefovich.pdf
as we can see even english wikipedia mention russia '' which simply does n't exist at that time and does n't mention muscovy which is a typical manipulation of straight facts https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_constantinople 1700
you may not be the type of person who can have casual sex which is fine but you guys are just not compatible for this type of relationship .
that must be the non-native in you failing to grasp the nuances .
and showing off not only how poor your grasp of english is but also your lack of argument skills .
your first reaction to hearing something you did n't like or agree with was to aggressively lash out with personal insults about the person/people instead of the argument .
that automatically makes everything else you have to say utterly pointless .
you 're also ignoring most of the argument and only responding to a particular point i 'm assuming because you ca n't refute anything else .
you 've called me names implied i 'm an idiot and said i 'm jealous of op but have n't said anything about my claim that you know you 'll never have the same proficiency as a native and that that makes you furious .
op does not have a better grasp of english than i do .
op 's 3rd paragraph is so poorly constructed that it borders on non-sensical something you obviously ca n't see despite your claim of such amazing english proficiency .
if my linguistics teacher being a non-native speaker and asserting that natives have a level of proficiency in their native language that second language learners will never be able to achieve means jack shit then you seeing what the average american 's understanding of the english language is like also means jack shit because i 'm not an american lmfao .
there is no such thing as better than native hahah otherwise the word native is completely meaningless .
just because some people do n't talk properly does n't mean they can't .
it does n't mean they do n't know how lol .
also ya know this thing called natural stupidity does exist haha .
if you check the trainer it should show the ones you ca n't get yet and the levels at which you can learn them .
you may have to go higher with what you have before you can learn new stuff i do n't remember from when i leveled my lw .
the borgias had a lot of political enemies for a lot of good reasons .
where do the accounts of his penitence come from ?
knowing the borgias it would n't surprise me if the sources were well compensated for them .
then in books there are some very graphic sex scenes ... and that 's normal ... damn parents xd
bitcoin could be an idea you could invest more each birthday or christmas or prize bonds .
benefits of prize bonds you can physically hand something over
why are u sucking a toe when you be sucking a dick
i 'll do stardust next but i 'd like to try a higher resolution so its probably gon na take a while until i finish it
not to pry but kind of prying lol you 've been asking quite a bit of questions about legal issues .
my buddy also works at amazon do you think warehouse insight will be useful in our case ?
okay please tell me im not the only one that sees tom holland
its one thing for individuals who struggle to make ends meet looking for tax breaks to a billionaire who used those breaks to form a monopoly .
me too i was totally going to get that then saw 5 charges and was like nope ! ''
burkina faso random as shit and does n't make sense at all
so trying to overthrow a democracy is ok as long as you do n't achieve it ?
you 're ignoring the fact that the 2010 and 2015 elections were contested by a more centrist tory party .
be careful you could trigger an avalanche if you are not careful ... with your feet .
could n't it have to do with the inherent structural advantages rural voters have over urban voters ?
i mean just look at the senate and how gerrymandered the house is not to mention state legislatures .
the gop has been rigging the game and ignoring the actual will of the people for quite some time if you look at vote at state levels .
in wi for example it 's about 50/50 but gop has a supermajority .
it 's honestly disgraceful they even have people brainwashed enough to vote for them still .
reddit likes to pretend it 's better than 4chan but here we are reading shit like this mocking a tragedy .
yeah cos these shitty comments are never directed at aew 🙄
yeah he bills the full amount he can from those he can i 've seen my insurance billed for a decade .
and then he takes care of people who do n't have any or who have crappy coverage for less or nothing .
how can i even be mad about it he 's put in a social system for dental in his own practice so people get care .
that 's good but if you read my previous comment i said that i was already a father at age 14 so i do n't really wan na be caught in public doing it .
we just get hard a little stroke or just a random thought even disgusting ones can link to us being turned on and i hate it .
i was n't comparing the price of blanks to that or embroidery .
i was posing the question of whether adding embroidered detail to a screen printed hoodie would be a cost effective decision .
also you should look into cut n sewn garments .
that way you could validate the high price point .
i am not familiar with rue porters blank quality but if the quality is there then your estimated price can be justified a bit more .
i too was wondering why it was funny thanks for pointing that out as it made it 100 better !
i like that beat but you 're not wrong ...
restless and man vs. machine are definitely his best in terms of production .
help counteract all the statistics and years of experience ''
i ca n't tell if this commenter is being serious or sarcastic .
from what i remember when you come into dublin airport you still go through that even though you do n't when you fly into the uk .
it 's funny how i 've never recieved such a mail even though i have an account in 1916 .
even if i were a billionaire i 'd be fine with a wealth tax .
because i do n't care to make people around me suffer .
it does n't make me wealthier and paying taxes does n't mean i fucking starve .
i hope this works for me i wan na play normally .
i dont care about bad teammates i just want no lag .
was going to say i have the last 3 missions in the yukon staged and ready to finish once they fix them .
would be easy for someone to jump in and get some quick xp and cash .
that is something that we have n't tried yet .
i guess we 'll try that when he is up again and update if it works
the fast travel system seems like it could be an alternative but i do n't think driving is bad enough to avoid it altogether .
i really liked it with the nomad starting car but vs first nc car is terrible .
have you seen la casa de papel aka money heist on netflix ?
if you like amazingly planned heist movies you 'd love this show
from my european perspective i never really understood those cardboard houses .
i 'd prolly could n't sleep in one in a mad fear of burning down in seconds but i guess those have their utility .
yeah this is my biggest gripe with the game the npc 's feel the most un alive compared to other rpg's and i remember seeing 4 options for dialogue in all the gameplay teasers but in game you only usually get 2 with a occasional third with your background or stat choices and most of the time they do n't seem to matter .
you ca n't go into a bar and have your character sit and take a shot or just order food the ai driving is non existent and the wanted system is horrible you basically are better off just getting killed rather than fight or run because you 're not going to have a cool chase they 'll just keep spawning near you .
they should 've rebranded early this year as an action adventure and make sure reviewers do n't try to talk up the rpg aspects if the only rpg aspect is getting to pick your stats to mold your characters gameplay and dialogue choices
i would literally kill someone to make that much per month .
um let say that the basic infantry insnt that great the only country we can hope compete is österreich because we 're such a small country and for the cyberwar ... just forget it lol .
but our elite soldiers they a super good switzerland train the us eli pilots .
plus keybinding on pc exists so i dont understand why ppl are complaining about that
only gripe with controller is maybe the input delay ?
improving a relegation side to top half is an easier task than moving a top 4/5 team to title winners though
i find it funny that his scene felt a lot like christoph waltz as nazi jew hunter hans landa in inglorious basterds .
oh yeah its a cool build and yes 3 shot goldie still does tobs of damage .
its just night hawk is such a oh fuck get this off my screen .
i wonder if he had to sign an nda .
that 's another person question not mine but you stating rezero will defeat it ‘easily ' is such a bold statement only time will tell .
btw since i 've been spoiled can i ask you to give me full summary for what will happen in cour 2 through dm ?
without atomics and with local memory the standard implementation for an associative and commutative operator would be something like this
issued with gws workitems and nwg workgroups for the first run and gws0 workitems in a single work-group for the second call the performance is n/gws nwg*log2 gws/nwg nwg/gws0 log2 gws0 .
note that this is a guarantee it is designed to run this way .
in most cases however one would use a vectorized version where each work-item reduces from global memory 4 8 or 16 elements per cycle which generally results in higher practical efficiency .
without local memory you can replace the last phase with a repeated call to a global-memory version of the same which would give you your log2 p instead however the actual efficiency of this is hardware-dependent and in most case debatable if present at all .
it also has hard guarantees on execution patterns and efficiency and is trivially extensible to arbitrarily complex reduction operators without having to learn a dsl to define them .
i think there is no argument to keep howie .
i am not the person to be screaming for people to be fired usually but here is my reasoning
one is the total lack of talent that is on this team .
we have a decent group of guys that are in the 29-33 age such as mcleod graham kelce brooks ertz johnson cox slay .
but who do we have in the 25 and under group that we can look at and build on ?
the eagles are sucking as an organization because we do n't have any impact players out of that 29-33 core group of guys that have been in the league for a while and are all expensive .
when you have expensive vets you need good young guys on cheap contract to fill the gap .
this lack of talent should fall directly on howie .
two is the total lack of salary cap management .
the eagles look to be in cap hell with one of the worst rosters in the nfl .
this shows the organization overvalues its own players and i think it shows on the field .
the last few years the eagles have given out some weird contracts that have come back to bite them .
we have also created problems by adding years or guarantees to contract years in exchange for a couple million more in cap space .
the cap was supposed to be howie 's strength as a gm he has also failed miserably at that .
there are other reasons such as weird commitments to underperforming players or keeping old vets too long such as peters or bringing players back for nostalgia sakes such as desean .
there are other things i see also but i feel as though this post is getting too long .
i see no reason to keep howie he also seems pretty arrogant and wo n't learn from his mistakes .
then i 'm sorry to say they should be sued 115 times .
get rid of the forearm model if you must have floaty non ik hands then just have the hands please .
fix the persistent crash at the end of the early mission where you load boxes into the back of the truck .
i could n't progress and refunded due to this specific issue .
allow more graphics options other than resolution scale this is necessary regardless of hardware requirements .
allow slide release button not all guns should require a power stroke to reload
surely if some power wanted to spy on planes they would do it in a safer and more efficient way than 10 people standing in a field with a notepad
i have the frozen wall partition door snowflake and some walls and floors
i 'd really like to have another chance at shrooms .
i had one and it was not a good experience but it was meaningful .
french farmers and fishermen have an appalling reputation in the uk .
they 're seen as little better than thugs who regularly threaten all manner of retribution if they do n't get their own way .
and i 'm afraid there is some truth in that .
it might be that the french farmers and fishermen have a tradition of picking particularly bellicose spokesmen but that and their actions has gone down like a lead balloon on this side of the channel .
and for that they 've only got themselves to blame .
quirks wise one of the best fits is aizawa .
with ofa the earasure may have effect even some time after blinking ... soooo ...
shinsou cus his quirk already op so why not make it more op ?
maybe with ofa just hearing his voice may cause the brainwash .
or maybe even if you answer him mentally it may work .
being in a relationship is n't defined by sleeping in the same bed
just got ta separate the artist from their work .
why yes i do but that does n't mean i have to love the man himself .
he was a huge racist but you 'll be laughed off the internet if you go over to r/lovecraft and start calling them racists .
same thing tons of people love the man 's stories and way of writing even if he was a piece of shit in reality .
i was feeling the same way but he was pretty bad against rbl during the week .
donny has had much more consistent form and he 's a better passer which matters against city who will likely control possession .
kids take their parents word for face value for many years then one day it clicks .
i am sure your wife wants to 'win ' with the fight against you and i believe she loves your daughter also .
the strategy of being a gigantic bully might have worked when your daughter was a little kid it 's going to backfire as she matures .
i warn my friends who are divorced about this .
your kid is going to wake up one day and blame you for not making more effort for him/her to have contact with the other parent .
he/she is going to see where you did strategically shitty stuff to 'win ' and it hurt them in the end .
my dad lawyered up and dropped nuke bombs on my mom .
my mom a professional with years of experience in her field was left penniless in the end .
all of her inheritance from her parents etc gone .
at the time we were little kids and my dad 'won ' big time .
i remember clearly when i woke up and realized how much of a shit he had been .
i 've put some real duds on my cards and some that have surprised me .
mattes are usually safe do n't split and are n't flashy .
i 'd like to shuffle some katanas again one day just to re-evaluate
i always considered forbidden tofu to be the cell pellet of cho cells at the bottom of the centrifuge tube but to each their own .
i averaged 20 units a quarter my senior year while doing my senior project .
i found myself making a lot of conscientious decisions about assignments that i did n't have time to complete without going crazy still had a good gpa but a 4.0 was n't happening .
if you think you can live with that i think you can still have a balanced lifestyle at 20 units .
but do n't plan on working you really have to be prepared to have a flexible schedule ie work late sometimes take advantage of less busy times etc .
i 'm sorry you went through what you went through you are so valid and deserving of someone to treat you right .
i believe any motherboard software mystic light aura sync etc .
i have n't been able to control the brightness in aura sync although that 's probably a software limitation since there 's no brightness options .
just because we have differing opinions does n't meant we ca n't or should n't have a civil discussion .
well it was from the dye but i 've lost weight not anorexic but underweight and i do n't have a drinking problem but i guess just looking at all options of cause .
i have n't been diagnosed with anything except sfn and possibly pots that i developed after the scan also
you have two suppressors therefore the post is meta therefore nobody can pick on you for having a bipod and a flashlight and a foregrip and a rail doily .
yea these are mad slept on they 're so good and actually kinda fun too
these must be the same people that are too busy to answer product request emails because they are working 7 days a week .
there have been stores emailing since the spring that were shut down completely either from covid or civil unrest that have missed product for guests because the stores shipment was sent back to the warehouse .
these stores have been repeatedly emailing since the spring to get these designated items in and we are just being ignored .
i 'll gladly add pallet unloader to my resume if corporate finally take some responsibility .
surely it does n't always have to be about utility value though .
some people on here have said they should be able to afford something 2-4 times over before they buy it if someone wants to spend 100 on a second hand xbox that 'll bring them joy why should they wait till they actually have 400 ?
the only thing we need to do now is wake godzilla and make em fight to make this year interesting
synth bangers in empty city streets at night are fuckin fire
you look great where did you order that dress from ?
ive been looking for someone to grind it with .
you need a fireteam member to get kills with rat king .
there 's no secret about avoiding greed or fomo you have to have a plan and stick to it .
no do n't buy back in when the space is mooning 10 after you already sold stick to your plan !
no do n't hold your position when you 're up 50 and it seems to keep going up sell because you planned on selling at 50 !
it 's just strong willpower and sticking to your plan .
you 'll leave profit on the table at some point but the strategy will help you reduce risk which is what you 're going for here .
well i dont know what to tell you in this situation as talking to her in the future may lead to quarrels between you .
either have a decent conversation where you are open about it or take this secret with you to the grave .
i know it 's just some random bbc employee but it feels like they care !
at folk som dette eksisterer og at noen tar de som en troverdig kilde er ekstremt provoserende .
if you leave crew on auto '' the pilot will be called back when you send a green signal to the launch pad .
eh i can def see where you 'd get this from a surface level examination .
however i think it has quite a bit to make it stand out .
it may follow the generic shounen plotline but it does amazing things with that formula that many kinda do n't .
i would love to bury my face in that pussy after you finished fucking yourself silly
your submission has been removed due to your account age and/or comment karma .
to contribute to r/mindfulness your account will need to be at least 10 days old and your comment karma must exceed 400 .
please do not message the moderators unless this was done in error .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mindfulness if you have any questions or concerns .
the time before roger whitebeard garp rocks shiki and everybody from that time period .
we do have a sunrise so maybe that is the best option
well i ca n't blame people for having different likes .
this is an apt description one is standing from a position of a known situation and asking what are the odds that everything turned out exactly as it has which is always going to be incredibly improbable .
if one shuffles a pack of cards then looks at the order and declares 'the odds of this particular order coming up are astronomical so it must be a miracle ' this is not sound reasoning .
there are indeed near-infinite ways the universe could have turned out and this happens to be the permutation we got but whatever happens there would have been some outcome .
essentially it 's declaring the target after the event has occurred.
the point of the waiver is for people without scores not for applicants with low ones .
also r2 and r3 are notoriously harder at sloan vs. r1
you need to take two hours out of your day right now
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanschicks if you have any questions or concerns .
i left my spouse this year after i felt i had not other options when they shot down therapy .
but after i left they said they wish they would 've taken me seriously and tried therapy even though they did n't believe it 'd make a difference for us .
my point is if you bring up divorce/separation the reality of the situation might kick in for her .
if you 're really concerned with saving your marriage exhaust all possible avenues heavily and do n't take no for an answer until you 've tried many times and gotten the same response .
you could go back to using 'pearl harbour 's .
the survivors were n't on the ship when it blows .
we know that thanos just kills half of the populations he comes across and lets the other half do whatever .
there is dialogue confirming that this also applied to the asgardians .
since by the time we see thanos on the refugee ship everybody on it is dead except thor loki banner and heimdall we can assume that the lucky '' 50 have already left .
the escape vessels do n't have to be pods '' they can be shuttles or something or maybe they dragged the grandmaster 's ship with them off asgard and fixed it up in the meantime or hell maybe thanos provided vessels so half of them could live i would n't put it past him .
it 's just ... not really important and there is already a lot of movie in that movie so they did n't bother showing it .
but i bet it was n't the hercules just the regular chicago electric right ?
i 'm on my second hercules miter saw dropped 1 after a year or more and the second one i 'm still using the original blade of 1 just sharpen them myself .
i do framing kitchen cabinets fences and work with both soft and hardwoods laminate this has its own blades and the saw keeps chugging .
the calipers i never did trust but both herc saws are good to go .
i mean i do this just fully on the bed
kyureum full i 'll start with the first five then back out/re enter for more people .
its about him being incarcerated and she misses him so she will sell her gucci collection
i 've already had covid and there are people who need the vaccine more than i do .
as a f2p it is tiring to catch up with every meta and i just want a stable lineup that can help me climb to dia 1 and no need to do further adjustment
if i could get them to answer my emails perhaps .
this submission was removed for breaking rule 2 insubstantial edit .
rule 2 https www.reddit.com/r/animemes/wiki/extendedrules wiki_rule_2.3a_no_unedited_media extends to edits that fail to meaningfully enhance the initial media such as ones which only provide a generic reaction summary or unrelated background edits must meaningfully add to continue or re-contextualize the initial media .
see here https imgur.com/a/0a1qkd9 for examples of violations and here https imgur.com/a/lykwii3 for examples of memes that would be allowed .
i am a bot and this comment was made automatically .
however this submission was removed manually by a member of the mod team .
if you have questions or concerns about this removal please contact the moderators through modmail .
blackfish has a lot of half truths and lies in it .
they skip over a lot of important details so that the film had more flare .
was out hunting for a few days and forgot about your question my apologies .
measure the buttermilk and yogurt first and put them back in the refrigerator until you need to mix them in .
i also love to use maple flavored yogurt brown cow brand works great .
i freeze the butter and crisco i use regular not butter flavored and then shred them like cheese then put back in the freezer while i measure the dry ingredients .
then i cut the fat into the dry ingredients using the paddle attachment on my mixer .
it gets it much more uniform then hand cutting it .
then use the dough hook to mix in the buttermilk yogurt mixture .
also when flattening out the dough i make a 1-inch thick rectangle and then fold it back onto itself by thirds flatten it back out to 1-inch thick and repeat that 2 or 3 times .
it 's a similar process to making pastry layers i think .
cut the biscuits by pushing straight down on the cutter never twist it .
i space mine a few inches apart on a large baking sheet .
i think they rise better this way and i like the sides cooked more than if they were touching .
i usually use a 3-inch cutter to make large biscuits for egg sandwiches .
1 batch of her recipe gets me 6 biscuits .
i got these from other recipes i 'd read nothing terribly inventive on my part just an accumulation of techniques .
here 's my writeup of the additions on my recipe app https recipekeeperonline.com/recipe/tc87krwkleyp-vkhyquwca
yours permanently like you can summon it like your starting car and jackie 's bike ?
do not use paypal friends and family or any other form of payment e.g .
users swap reputation can be found in the user flair .
if you 're unable to see it or want more detailed information click send on this message .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/vinylcollectors if you have any questions or concerns .
most programmers need to encrypt something that can be decrypted again using an algorithm that a computer can perform .
judging from the youtube video the zodiac killer did n't appear to have that intention making it a lot more resistant to regular analysis .
i 've never arrived at haukke manor for the first time without my brd job stone and that 's level 28 in the msq .
brayflox msq level 32 should be a sort of gate i 've heard that said before that you ca n't pass without at least having done your job quest to get the stone .
nobody is saying that he 's worth 72 mill .
the argument here is that he 's not as bad as ppl like to make him out to be and tho he does deserve certain criticism to an extent he does not deserve some of the backlash he gets that we see on this sub after games where he does n't score .
fisher can tell his story but the tangible actions have been taken and that involves whedon being shown the door .
nothing else was announced so any other punishments i.e .
a stern talking to taking a mandated training course paying some sort of fine etc .
if i 'm not mistaken you can get the rear iron sight add-on for the dpp and i could have sworn i 've seen suppressor height tabs to go in .
for me coaching started with the question of what i want to do better and then focused on strategies to do that thing better .
when i 'm having a hard day or ca n't focus i try one of the tools in my toolbox .
it 's really helped me finish those last bits of projects and identity destructive thought patterns that were keeping me from being productive .
i 've only been in coaching for about 4 months now and it 's helped .
i found my coach through the shanna pearson coaching group .
hoping the snow tonight takes some edge off the man made stuff
you can search for strompest his a rule and he has guides against some champion and maybe in the future all of mid champs and top champs just predicting .
his a ryze main so yea definitely check him out on how to play ryze effectively .
it also implies big dudes dont also eat pussy .
which means if you killed me at this exact moment i 'd die swearing like a trucker that ca n't get around a prius in the passing lane ...
the people need to take the power back from these tyrants .
i do its annoying they did not implement a function to dismantle multiple objects at once is what im saying .
i have a severe animal hair allergy so sweaters can be hard .
for real like i ai n't no walk in the park either but damn .
no but i 've been told by a bunch of people on other evil dead subs
in order to make sure that it does not get removed please make sure that you
post at least one photo of a dirty panty gusset
do not post literal sales ads prices shipping inclusions or payment
add a link flair https www.reddit.com/r/dirtypantiesgw/wiki/index wiki_link_flairs to help users search
read the entire wiki https www.reddit.com/r/dirtypantiesgw/wiki/index if you have n't already
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtypantiesgw if you have any questions or concerns .
i was working and my boyfriend got home early and was looking out the window in our living room when we heard a gun shot .
we started looking around for where it could have come from when he realized his foot hurt .
we went to the bathroom where he took off his sock to reveal a bloody wound .
i went to look for a hole in the floor or the wall he exited the bathroom later and discovered the bullet hole in our door .
bullet skidded across his third toe and through his second .
it seems like disney really does n't want to touch any of the pre-prequels timeline stuff in general .
either they have something big planned or they 're too afraid of trying to make legends fans happy to bother with it .
he has the special assignment quest that you first get pretty sure that 's not time dependent .
i think you should be able to contact your local social services and they could help you find someone to talk to .
if not try calling local counselors i know they will help you or tell you how to get help .
if you ca n't find a login item listed in users groups you can still find it in the user library with finder .
from the menu bar select go go to folder ...
you must include the symbol or it takes you to your startup items !
when you are pooping but realize you 're out of toilet paper and right when you 're waddling to the closet to get another roll .
i love this series and i feel like it 's so underrated .
it gives me lord of the ring vibes and the male male character gives me aragorn vibes .
oh i meant the end of first contact but they race aboard and slaughter the vulcans hahahahah
i hope you are having lots of fun in trying to catch me
because it will send me to paradice all the sooner
because i now have enough slaves to work for me
i am not afraid because i know that my new life will be an easy one
i just do n't want too many in my s and ss tier .
maybe i could 've had mary in s tier .
yumeko is absolutely great but i just do n't vibe with her as much as i did with midari kirari miroslava and ibara .
i kinda like midari x yumeko but i do n't know if those two are a great fit considering how yumeko seems to feel about midari
hey at least you realized that what was happening was n't healthy and you 're able to reflect on it and grow .
i have ocd and adhd and i struggle with becoming obsessed with things like intense obsession for a short amount of time and then losing all interest in the thing .
so i can completely understand and empathize with how its possible to get that invested in these ships .
i try to look at it as i watch bl 's and follow these couples because it makes me happy and it brings some outside joy into my life .
if i am stressing out about whether they are really together or letting their personal lives cause me any negative feelings then whats even the point of following them ?
if its not fun anymore i should n't do it .
if it 's a snitching match 69 hands down .
but seriously why in the fuck is this dumb shit showing on my feed ? ? ?
stop being so salty and let people just have their opinions in peace gosh
i never heard about her being criticized only the male regisseurs .
i do n't believe in god ... .but i want to believe in heaven so i can meet the people i love and care about once again .
bring a bucket and a mop for this wet-ass pussy
but let me tell you how i got this ring ayy ayy
gobble me swallow me drip down the side of me
quick jump out 'fore you let it get inside of me
i tell him where to put it never tell him where i 'm 'bout to be
i 'll run down on him 'fore i have a nigga running me
ask for a car while you ride that dick while you ride that dick
you really ai n't never got ta fuck him for a thang
look i need a hard hitter i need a deep stroker
i need a henny drinker i need a weed smoker
he got some money then that 's where i 'm headed
he got a beard well i 'm tryna wet it
i do n't wan na spit i wan na gulp
i want you to touch that lil ' dangly thing
it 's going in dry and it 's coming out soggy
i ride on that thang like the cops is behind me
i spit on his mic and now he tryna sign me woo
put him on his knees give him something to believe in
never lost a fight but i 'm looking for a beating
in the food chain i 'm the one that eat ya
if he ate my ass he 's a bottom feeder
i could make you bust before i ever meet ya
if it do n't hang then he ca n't bang
you ca n't hurt my feelings but i like pain
if he fuck me and ask whose is it ? ''
bring a bucket and a mop for this wet-ass pussy
what are the red rover copy of copies of all trades the core four challenges ?
what would be my easiest way to extract certain noids back into crystalline ? would it be simple acid-base extraction with something like strongest alcohol i can find ... does anyone know noids general optimal ph for this would be ?
looking to export all my mp3s and move to something else from youtube music as its truly dreadfull but most of my takeout music files are coming out as csvs once i extract the takeout zip files .
have i lost the music i paid for forever ?
not who are they most compatible with or who they usually end up with but which type are they usually most attracted to from what you 've observed ?
also have some extra diys and clothes etc on the beach to the right of the airport .
ables is open for another 30 mins est and you can go to nooks too .
crafting i have snow table wreath pochette and will craft if you bring mats .
leave a comment with your fav winter/holiday cookie and i 'll dm the dodo and more notes usual rules etc apply .
closed but i will get to everyone who commented so far !
i have 3x charizard vmax psa 9 i am asking 425 f f shipped g s buyer covered .
so i was wondering if anyone was in the same boat as me .
i recently got an rtx 3060ti and i 've heard good things about dlss boosting fps in some cases and when i went to go try it out it seems not much at all changed .
i 'm also running this on a 1080p monitor so this could be a big reason why .
in episode 553 https youtu.be/echloyhonrk ? t=466 of the single player series etho shows off and decorates his 2x2 tree farm .
the way it works is that etho grows four 2x2 trees with a 1 wide chute in the middle .
he rides a water elevator up and over dropping down the middle using a hoe to break the leaves there .
then several tnt blocks drop down the cleared chute detonating at different heights to ensure the logs are destroyed but the dirt is preserved .
i really like the concept of this it 's a lot less complex than other tree farms i 've seen and while it 's not fully afk it does cut down on a lot of the work and time .
that being said i ca n't figure out how it works .
my best guess is that he gets pushed through a tripwire or over a pressure plate that starts a series of timers which activate a few dispensers that drop the tnt .
does anyone know if he 's shown in full that design ?
or anyone have a tutorial for this or something similar ?
edit i just realized he builds it in episode 521 and shows a bit of the timing setup .
gon na check 522 as well to see if he talks about some of the finalization stuff .
first time actually eating them alone instead of in lemonade today and they taste awesome !
why do you guys hate the flavor so much ?
it started off small like the normal you 're in trouble so we 're taking insert item or no tv for a month because you did n't get straight a 's .
then it visibly escalated to things like sibling wants your room so you 're giving it to her or sibling wants your bed because she feels like hers is to small so it 's hers now. the list could go on and on with things that happened but i was mostly oblivious to it because i thought the same things were happening to my other siblings .
things really clicked when i realized that i was the only one that had the stipulation that all of my christmas gifts that were n't clothes were for everyone they just had my name on them .
as you might have guess with my eyes now opened i really started paying attention to things that were happening and i started realizing how unfairly i was being treated and slowly started resenting things that happened .
whether that was my younger sibling getting a nicer first phone than me or being told that i had to sleep on the floor in hotels because there was only enough beds for my siblings to sleep in .
it all really started to make me dislike my family .
the piece-de-resistance was when i had a large altercation with my family .
my families first reaction was to get mad at me and ask how i could be so selfish and so ungrateful for being given a roof over my head and food in my belly that i would attempt to do something like that .
their next step was to take absolutely every none essential item i had from me .
no electronics no books no drawing/art stuff no toys no friends nothing .
that all lasted about a year and slowly i started getting my stuff back but i had come to realize that absolutely nothing they gave me was really mine .
from then on i absolutely refused to get attached to any and all gifts they gave me because i knew it could be taken away as such they started asking me how i could be so cold and not get excited over being given a gift that i really wanted .
fast forward a few years i 've just graduated high school and join the military .
my first real experience being away from my family and i got ta say i loved it .
my family would only send me money as christmas gifts because they did n't know what i could have on base and this opened my eyes they ca n't take something away if they do n't know what i bought with the money .
so back to the present i have since established that i only want gifts that are cash and until this year it has n't been an issue but my sister has since decided to inform me that she has a problem with it .
she says it 's incredibly rude of me to tell them that i only want money and that it makes my parents and family feel like i view them as piggy banks more than family .
i do get where she 's coming from as it can seem a little bit petty and wrong but i 'm this situation i feel like i 'm justified .
as the first few comments have come in i 've realized it 's important to note that my family asks what everyone wants every year .
i have also since exited the military and they have continued trying to take my things even tho i no longer live with them .
also i 've realized my wording was misleading so it 's been updated i will accept others but it 's what i want .
i 'm having trouble with the mayor peralez missions after i left his apartment without competing a search .
it removed the waypoint from my map so now i cant find my way back .
if anyone could link a picture of a waypoint set on their map it would be a huge help .
you do the rest of your shit and then your plugs phones disconnected cuz they got popped or didnt pay there bill .
gna be a ruff couple of days at work .
i am trying to locate this watch cash ready .
jacob breaks down the first pre-season game for the okc thunder a 121-108 victory over the san antonio spurs !
he dives into theo maledon 's massive debut sga 's performance poku 's first game and so much more !
ps tayler usually posts these for us but it 's jacob tonight .
just wanted to say we really appreciate all the love from the reddit community !
i saw the recent thread about the best thunder related pods and that multiple people mentioned us .
i 've realized that i need to personally grieve over this pandemic despite not losing anyone i know closely and hopefully i do n't .
it 's been a rough year and it 's been a really hard year contemplating the death suffering joblessness loneliness and pain that the world has felt this year .
i like many of you have felt a great deal of anger this year over people acting irresponsibly wanting to act as if this tragedy never happened .
i 've spent so much of this year just so angry angry at the state of politics the anti-maskers and the constant feeling like normalcy has been slipping from my fingers that i never really noticed that i have n't taken any time to grieve this year to just take some time to feel for how this year we 've experienced such loss not just of loved ones but our way of life .
with the end of this pandemic in sight we really need take the time to collectively grieve this shared tragedy .
i 've only just recently found out about the band and i 've absolutely fallen in love with them and i want to be able to meet and talk with other people who do but every single discord link i 've found is expired .
if there is a discord server for the band official or unofficial or whatever can somebody please post an invite link ?
hello fellow devil hunters i have a confession to make i have never beaten the original devil may cry .
for context i got into this series earlier this year when quarantine really took off and i found myself with a lot more time on my hands .
i saw devil may cry on sale on the switch eshop and i bought it .
played it for a bit but eventually lost interest .
then i saw devil may cry 3 on sale a few months later .
i had heard excellent reviews so i bought it played it and loved every minute of it .
i 've now beaten that game five times and made a start on dmd which let 's be real i will probably never finish because it 's hard as fuck .
anyways since then i 've played every game in the main series yes even dmc 2 which i 'll admit i have a very strong love/hate relationship with except for 5 which i am starting very soon i ignored the reboot .
i tolerated 2 i really enjoyed 4 and i 'm excited to play 5 but no matter how many times i try i just ca n't bring myself to finish the original game .
maybe i suck maybe i 'm not motivated enough maybe i 'm not enough of a wacky wahoo pizza man to finish it but i just ca n't do it .
i just ca n't help but find that the original game is very clunky in its controls .
i started with 3 on the switch so i got used to the frantic and fast paced nature of combat with style switching and all weapons available .
going back and playing a game with no styles no ability to switch anything on the fly whatsoever and fairly limited combat in my eyes is rather jarring .
another thing i want to touch on is the difficulty .
i know i know these games are supposed to be hard but the way i normally play is that i do my first playthrough on easy so that i can have a chance to learn the controls build my health bar gather all of the weapons and find some that fit my play style .
dmc 1 does n't really let you do it that way .
activating easy mode in the first game is not only unsatisfying because you 're basically admitting that you suck it also dulls the combat so much that it takes the fun out of it and i do n't want that .
help me out here folks does anyone have these problems or am i just bad ?
definitely not looking for something with all the bells and whistles of modern phones .
i used a galaxy grand prime for the past 5 years and i 'm only looking to replace since it keeps freezing/is n't compatible with newer apps and games .
something from that era of samsung products or something similar from a different company would be ideal .
hopefully it could be unlocked or compatible with t-mobile from the get-go ?
i 'm very used to the older samsung layout recent apps button on the left home button in the middle back button on the right but would be open to on-screen keyboards as long as they do n't auto-hide '' when using apps and do have the back button on the right too much hand strain reaching across the screen looking at you lenovo moto etc .
speaking of a more compact screen size is preferred but not a deal breaker .
hopefully it would be compatible with earbud controls to navigate music and have low volume with earbuds as i usually use my phone for background podcasts or music to sleep .
fingerprint unlock is nice but by no means a necessity for me and camera quality and speaker quality are unimportant .
essentially looking for something that does the basics expected of a phone plus use as a lower end entertainment device .
here 's hoping and thank you everyone who reads this '
hoping to get a sweet shot of hood with buildings in the frame .
when using the brush tool with a low opacity drawing over where you have just drawn with the brush creates a very unsightly smudge .
is there any way to change this or is the only way to fix this just to never let go of the map ?
looking to catalogue or buy arcade items from people !
if you have any please either comment here or send me a dm when you 're available !
i can supply bells or nmt if you 'd like something specific i might be able to find that as well
i do n't normally do a thing like this but fuck it you know ?
i got a few prompts and a couple ideas but mainly i just need someone to talk to .
i 'm pretty simple and easy to please and talk to so do n't be scared .
i like power dynamics too going either way with what works for the roleplay .
it 's more about the writing than the smut for me .
step sister or mom with step brother or son .
we 've all seen it we all know the jokes .
here 's one that 's also cliché but i do n't see a whole lot anymore and that 's popular girl and unpopular guy reunite at college and start to go out .
that was wordy but i think i got the point across .
and just for an added bonus if you 've got any prompts that you want to play out bring them to me and i 'll see if we can mesh well .
thanks for reading and i hope you have a nice night .
i just very recently found out that i am pregnant !
this will be a first for me..and i want to be prepared with my registry .
i want to know what are the must haves and not be bombarded with things i do n't really need .
so far i only have a graco travel lite crib in mind but other than that i 'm pretty overwhelmed with what i really need brands etc .
i want to try and be minimalistic but if needed i 'll take what i really need .
i 'm someone who really likes thinking ahead and i 'm kinda getting anxiety this early in the pregnancy lol .
it would be nice to hear that i 'm not the only one who has a person who they fell in love with and still to this day feel a connection to .
like i did move on to an extent but they honestly just keep showing up in my life and it 's really bittersweet .
it makes me so happy to hear that they want to talk to me and to feel so comfortable talking like nothing i had ever happened which i did n't expect .
not only that but i even have their mother who randomly reaches out to me since we broke up to see if i 'm doing well especially during the holidays .
part of me knows i ca n't get too close with them which stings because we 're both working on our personal goals study career etc and also the fear of misinterpreting their intentions .
so for now i try to view them as a friend who i occasionally check in with viceversa since we are too far from each other at the moment .
however i ca n't help but feel that maybe we are suppose to be together probably not now but later down the road idk ? ?
even my own family jokes about them being the one .
they told me they love me and that they wish to work towards being in a relationship
i freed him after tower knight will he still appear ?
do i need to talk to him in this area somewhere before ?
i was given cipro but have n't tried it yet .
one thing i 've noticed is that my pain is around the belly button and is tender when pressing it .
what do you guys carry how do you carry your fixed ?
i really like the size and design of the ferum forge lackey .
i swapped my cpu fan and one of my cpu pins got bent .
straightened it back out and put back in cpu works fine on startup my dad said if this was the affected part that the computer probably would n't have started at all but idk
error on bios page is memory pmu training error at socket 0 channel 0 dimm 1
my computer is not reading anything in my second ram slots b1 and b2 so i am only getting 32gb of ram .
list anything you 've done in attempt to diagnose or fix the problem .
i have swapped the ram sticks with each other .
i have put the ram sticks in the other two complimentary slots .
the booker dewitt in the post-credits scene https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=_y_r9fibkzu feature=youtu.be t=8 is the same one we played as during the game right ?
he calls anna 's name in a distressed/panicky way like he 's unsure if anna is even in her room like he remembers the events of the game .
he even says in the very end is that you ? '' .
why would an alternate booker say to his daughter in her room is that you ? '' .
an alternate booker would have no memory of selling anna therefore he would n't question if she was in her room .
an important point is that the entire game only happened because robert lutece felt guilty about how he 's responsible for the separation of anna and booker .
in order to make amends he and rosalind lutece set out to help booker reunite with his daughter in order to give him a second chance to give anna the life she deserves .
if all the events of the game only happened because robert lutece felt guilty why would n't he send the booker we played as with all his memories of the events of the game intact back through a tear to a universe where he can have a second chance and achieve redemption for his sins .
it would be against robert lutece 's personality to simply curse our booker to damnation and deny our booker a second chance .
in order for our booker 's personality to change in a way that would make him the best father he can be he needs to be aware of the mistake he made of selling anna retain his memory .
i also believe that through his interactions and teamwork with elizabeth he developed empathy and skills that would help him as a father .
i asked chatgpt ai-powered chatbot that is able to generate natural language responses to user inputs .
it uses a combination of natural language processing machine learning and deep learning algorithms to generate human-like responses to questions .
me another question bioshock infinite '' during the post-credits scene is that booker shown opening the door to anna the booker we play as in the game or a different booker ?
chatgpt in the post-credits scene of bioshock infinite the booker shown opening the door is the booker we play as in the game .
he was able to escape the cycle of infinite realities and reunite with his daughter anna after defeating the songbird .
it would be bad storytelling to make the booker in the post-credits scene a different booker because it removes all of the player 's hard work .
chatgpt yes it would be bad storytelling to make the booker in the post-credits scene a different booker as it would remove all of the player 's hard work and investment in the game .
it would be much more satisfying for the player if the booker in the post-credits scene was the same booker that the player had been guiding throughout the game .
edit this post is regularly updated as new galleries artists are discovered
support first nations communities indigenous artists by buying authentic native-made art jewellery crafts etc .
feel free to add a link to any websites etsy facebook instagram etc that feature indigenous artists and businesses and help indigenize the holidays ! ps searching hashtags like nativebling https www.instagram.com/explore/tags/nativebling indigenousart https www.instagram.com/explore/tags/indigenousart nativebeadwork https www.instagram.com/explore/tags/nativebeadwork and beadedjewelry https www.instagram.com/explore/tags/beadedjewelry is an easy way to find indigenous artists .
you can also search through the inuit art foundation online database https www.inuitartfoundation.org/iaf/iad/browse/list ? territory=qc .
it 's an important resource for people searching for inuit artists especially for those who sell their work primarily at local markets and through facebook https www.facebook.com/sikoakart .
indigenous arts collective of canada https passthefeather.org passthefeather.org founded in 2012 to preserve and revitalize endangered indigenous art forms and enrich lives through indigenous arts and culture .
indigenartsy https indigenartsy.com online marketplace where indigenous artists come together to share unique authentic items .
http northerncollectables.com http northerncollectables.com specializing in inuit fine art from iqaluit nunavut .
neechie gear https www.neechiegear.com empowering indigenous youth through sports .
10 of profits help fund underprivileged indigenous youth to play sports !
bill reid gallery northwest coast first nations art https www.billreidgallery.ca/collections/all-products-targeturl targeturl proceeds from all purchases support local indigenous artists and the gallery 's artistic and educational programs .
trickster https trickstercompany.com/collections/all indigenous owned company with a focus on northwest coast art and culture .
gifts including holiday gift baskets created in the ojibway territory of curve lake first nation .
specializing in selling fair-trade organic and spp certified coffee .
a portion of the funds go towards water purification systems in indigenous homes .
spirit bear coffee https spiritbearcoffeecompany.com/collections inspired by the creation story of the spirit bear – a symbolic gift of peace and harmony to all creatures .
this coffee company competes against the big brands selling flavours such as raven expresso eagle medium roast and frog breakfast blend light roast .
handmade authentic art gifts candles and soaps smudge medicines ie .
skwachàys lodge aboriginal hotel and gallery https gallery.urbanaboriginal.org canada 's first indigenous arts hotel featuring beautiful original indigenous art .
everything from drums cedar weavings hand paintings carvings pottery and more .
atikuss https atikuss.com/en/hopeboots beautifully and skillfully crafted boots mukluks .
atikuss promotes equitable fair trade and fair compensation for women indigenous artisans who rarely earn more than 4/hour in this industry with a goal to promote indigenous women 's rights and fair compensation .
these boots are more than a gift they are the symbol for hope .
beyond buckskin boutique https shop.beyondbuckskin.com based out of north dakota and dedicated to advancing creative small businesses located throughout rural and urban communities .
northern delights http deliceboreal.com/en/store-near-you/buy-online herbal teas herbal teas inspired by inuit drawings from the elders of avataq cultural institute located in nunavik quebec 's northern region .
powwow times https powwowtimes.ca/powwow-times-merchandise 100 of sales goes directly back into helping promote preserve and teach indigenous culture language and history to native american youth and those who need it in their lives .
up for sale a schiit magni heresy and a schiit modi 3 dac both in great condition.
i am also adding up an optional 5v power adapter for the modi 3 .
i do n't have the boxes but i will package well.
when a controller is knocked unconscious does the yeerk exit their head ?
or is the yeerk still active inside the human even though they are unconscious ?
how long can yeerks live outside a host without a pool ?
buying for an aspiring tourer underbiking on a disc trucker .
guys i need help getting a girl i 'm a 16 year old dude and super hot lmk
i planned to ask this question in the main sub but it 's a cancerous shitshow currently so came here .
minor spoiler for people who have n't finished the story prologue yet .
in the johnny silverhand missions what is that quick melee attack tho ?
what does he do with the gun that makes fire to come out ?
can someone please explain cos that 's been really bugging me .
hi my brother in law needs a basic vehicle to get around and is looking at a subaru crosstrek lease for about 250/month .
he currently owns a 2017 tacoma that is worth 30k on trade and he owes 14k on it .
can he trade this in on the lease and have subaru cut him a check for 16k or is he dreaming ?
i have a couple of questions that i could n't find the answer 's to ...
myself and my partner have gloomhaven and we 're currently mostly unemployed small amounts of disposable income but a lot of free time and playing it pretty much everyday .
if we picked up jaws at some point what would we do with the two extra characters ?
what would be the best way to integrate them into another game maybe forgotten circles ?
frosthaven is on kickstarter is it worth preordering now whilst poor and it is significantly expensive .
or will there be a retail launch at the same time as the kickstarter delivery ?
im trying to level up my weapons and dead wire keeps killing a large portion of my horde everytime and i 'm wondering if they count towards my weapons kills .
i 'd switch but i hear dead wire is good for taking down megatons so i 'm using it primarily for that
i 'm looking for a pickaxe whether unique or regular with committed shockwave and critical hit .
or is this a feature of any other writing application ?
i want to write but the clinical whiteness of my current microsoft word just saps all my creativity .
the recent witch buff was a bit suprising in my opinion there has been a nerf in the same statistic a year ago
on 4/11/19 first skeleton spawn from 1 second to 3.5 seconds .
on 9/12/20 first skeleton spawn to 1 sec from 3.5 sec .
this is an important statistic for witch users makes reaction to the prince much easier for example .
maybe one reason behind this is the super awful interaction with the mother witch make using the witch really annoying now that there are quite many new mother witch users around .
a place for members of r/ufpremed to chat with each other
so i just found out about delta8 carts and i saw that loud house hemp was having a sale so i was thinking about copping ?
this is very stressful for me as i am living at home and do n't know if it accidentally is not being tracked or something .
especially so since its being shipped from china and i do n't know how i am going to get the tracking number for whenever the chinese shipping company hands the package over to a us delivery service for final delivery .
hell it could have already happened and i would n't know .
maybe that 's the reason it still says it 's in the air ?
because it was handed off to fedex or ups at the airport ?
does anyone know if any of this is normal or how onlymaker works for shipping ?
i recently downloaded kh 1.5 remix/2.5 remix off through game pass on xbox .
i 've gotten into final fantasy of late so decided to give square enixs other most famous series ago .
i noticed in order to get 4k on pc i need to switch over to a tv instead of monitor ?
and also notice fps is n't really great on tv compared to monitor .
so should i stick with my 144hz gaming monitor thee as t can only do 1080 or get a tv ?
just looking for the cheapest possible am4 cpu for my wife 's budget computer i 'd prefer a 1600 but i only have about 50 to spend on something rn .
really was hoping to get her build done before xmas but unfortunately life happens and scammers are ass monkeys so now i 'm just gon na have to go piece by piece .
so if you have any cheap spare cpu i 'd really appreciate it .
hopefully i can get it done before our 3 year anniversary .
paypal gns only with invoice i can cover the paypal fees too depending .
i have just bought a bosch dryer wtw875w0 might be germany-specific model as that is where we live .
i would like to connect it to the drain even though officially this model does not support this to avoid having to empty the water containiner all the time .
i had a look at various tutorials on how to connect bosch dryers in general to the drain e.g .
these models usually have a little tube at the back which runs from the water reservoir at the bottom to the water container on the top which you would normally empty after every cycle .
my dryer does have a similar tube but covered by a plastic cover with some electromagnets around it see photos here https photos.app.goo.gl/rby2mtn1dcptfprr8 .
that seems to be pretty much to same tube .
can you see any problems if i used that tube to connect the dryer to the drain ?
i play the game on steam and the first thing i 'm met with is nexus and a bunch of spamming bots .
there 's no tutorial and no quest line or nothing for me that indicates yo so here 's the next step '' .
i tried finding a guide online but it was a terribly long wall of text .
so far the game is very confusing and i do n't know what to do at all .
it 's annoying having to pick up items and then go into your inventory to disassemble them .
it just does n't feel worth the effort to pick up and scrap white items but i absolutely would if i could do it straight off the ground/corpse .
batch selection so i can select several items from my inventory at once to disassemble stash drop sell etc .
i have n't personally used crafting but i 've seen other people mention that you can only craft one item at a time which is a pain when you have to craft a couple hundred components at once
mark certain items as not junk '' or just have high value junk items be in their own category .
i do n't want the 750 pair of earrings to be automatically scrapped when i pick them up so i ca n't really take that perk without losing out on a ton of money
if/when transmog gets added or it makes more sense to dress for fashion rather than function which i already do anyway it 'd be nice to be able to save an outfit .
there 's already a section where it seems like saved outfits should go too .
mark items as favorites to make it easier for us hoarders to sort through the clothes/weapons stash .
tw 3 is overall the better game better characters better side quests gameplay but in terms of main story and main villian i actually prefer tw2 .
the main story was better paced and more interesting with geralt being branded as a kingslayer and having to uncover the truth .
there were more choices and consequences act 2 3 are very different depending on what you do in act 1
letho was morally ambigious and not exactly evil '' meanwhile eredin and the wild hunt were cartoon bad guys with no nuance .
i remember when it came out it got lots of love in the pc gaming community although this sub was pretty dead i think but since tw3 it has been forgotten .
does anyone know why my windows 7 installation freezes when i try to install windows 7 while with the windows 10 one it works perfectly on msi gl65 10sfk anyone know a workaround ?
i 'm wondering what internet quality is like around airlie beach mackay bundaberg rockhampton etc ?
thinking about moving up from brisbane for a remote work contract so i can dive more often so it needs to be high availability and pretty good speeds .
for me it 's that i often sleep with an open mouth and thus dry out overnight lol
it does n't account for stuff like muscle mass or bone density so you get people like me who are considered morbidly obese when i 've just got a lot of muscle in my legs 🤷
check this solution in go https github.com/lizthegrey/adventofcode/blob/main/2020/day13.go to part 2 that involves no knowledge of the crt .
why is anyone relying on a diamond cartel to tell them how much to spend on a diamond ?
they are not particularly rare or worth a significant amount of money .
the retail value of jewelry is commonly at a 300 mark-up .
a gold band at 10k to 14k was the long time standard for marriage .
when european royalty and then celebrities began to get engagement '' rings then every princess '' started expecting such largesse .
expensive engagement rings are the female equivalent of expensive sports cars for males .
the monitors are fine they turn on and display video .
atm i believe that the problem lies in the front panel none of the leds are lighting up .
i checked the cables for it and they are in place and not loose .
66 of democrats believe russia altered vote tallies to get trump elected .
as others have said this is based on babylonjs .
i 'm early in the development of a gallery for my own artwork and i 'm using the same library .
this one looks gorgeous so i 'm definitely saving this to my inspirations '' folder !
so far mine just has a floor some walls and photos hanging '' on the wall .
if you do decide to roll your own '' babylonjs is an excellent library .
friendly community decent documentation es6 support and it has webxr support which i 'm testing using my oculus go .
i 'm defining my scene creating meshes and materials loading and applying textures etc .
using javascript code but bablyonjs has some utilities for loading models created in other applications .
so if you 're fluent in javascript you may find it straightforward enough to create a thin wrapper that just loads your models and explore them .
i have n't actually done this and i expect there are probably some gotchas '' trying to render a model in webgl that was n't designed with it in mind .
and pointing out that without kamala as his vp he would n't have any progressive policies .
you 've got ta know that with a username like this i 'm not a fucking cop or anything close to it .
your comment has been removed because it violates rule 1 be civil https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/about/rules .
why do i have to be civil in a sub about assholes ?
message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
i read your comment only like 10 minutes after i woke up sorry for that but well still all things i wrote pretty much works politically so yeah
this post seems to be attracting more reports than usual .
i 'm not smart enough to see why but if the reports continue to roll in i 'll remove it until the mods get to review its compliance with the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
this is gon na get removed but this is fucking hilarious
yes shatter is separate dmg that deals phys dmg .
if you could whale on a frozen like you would petrify ... but have 40 crit rate it would break the game .
gaining 40 crit rate for 1 atk having it shatter then back down to 20 seems a lot better balance wise .
but u can definitely refreeze enemies 2-3 times with chongyun mona/xingqui
why were we lied to that iraq had weapons of mass destruction ?
to have an excuse to engage and destabilize a country that had nothing to do with 9/11 for you guessed it money .
if you actually look at history you will quickly learn that the war that we are still waging has absolutely nothing to do with 9/11 .
i started weeing bright orange i thought it was blood .
for a few weeks prior i used to have dry heaves at odd times during the day and would bring up a meal if i had eaten .
though dying is not a big deal for me i 'm in my 60s death from liver failure seems unpleasant and humiliating .
so i just quit after a life-time of trying .
i know i know some have it worse than i do .
but coupled with my depression it 's made it worse .
i would just sit in my room and drink by myself .
i did n't like how i felt normal and i know it was the alcohol changing my brain .
i kept making excuses like oh well i do n't get fall down drunk so i 'm fine .
you will have to face up to a lot of wasted opportunities wrong-thinking and you will remember things that will make you sorry and ashamed .
it is all part of the journey into health .
can you make his face the same color as his hands please
they 're definitely not wild probably belong to whoever owns the land .
wild horses are n't a thing they were domesticated by ancient man and evolved to their current form .
any horses you see in the wild are usually feral descended from escaped domesticated horses .
it 's also laughable when people defend others about shit when they do n't even know basic knowledge about the topic .
i 'll give you the benefit of the doubt but it 's not fucking rocking science that we do n't know everything about the long term effects but we certainly already know a lot and the severity https www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/coronavirus/in-depth/coronavirus-long-term-effects/art-20490351 not know nothing .
so before defending covididots maybe you should check how they word shit or do you believe everything you see on a reddit common section without any effort to double check yourself ?
it looks like the symbol the white walkers used on got with the burning body parts
thinking about the question now it was pretty dumb but nah it doesnt matter because theres literally nothing to do
moreno 2 3 and 4 with 3 being a 10-8
oh man i definitely have to watch it then !
what if its minecraft and you only play on server ?
oh i 'm def doing this for the origami king ones
i 'd love a movie about cocktopuss tornados also .
if it is nina then that would explain the matt smith casting since she 's previously worked with him on the crown .
maybe she saw some hiden potential in him that we have yet to see .
anyways she has a great track record with casting so if it 's her decision then i 'm down with it .
i have it as a draw fig 1 2 5 then moreno 2 3 with the point deduction
why is there not a private photos folder ? ! ?
literally just give me a place to hide my nudes .
edit please no need to recommend anything to me .
i love mine my only complaint is after a couple months of heavy use and sweaty hands some of the white speckles have came off .
i use a t7i and have the same dark bar at the bottom of my images .
it should definitely show up in your flat frames unless they are overexposed .
have a look here https imgur.com/gallery/ztv5aum i show my lights and flats with my t7i .
getting drunk on cheap egg nog maybe calling and texting a few folks and watching the nba on tv .
it will probably be an early night and a nice long weekend before i go back to work on monday .
it 's because she uses the same animations as mshep .
i like that they have the same animations personally it saves her from that ridiculous hip sway a lot of female game characters have and i think it makes sense for a marine to move a bit more masculine '' than your typical woman .
it also would n't be a great use of dev time to program different animations for one outfit .
there was a very slight bit of tenderness aft er that second pass .
i could see how proceeding might have put me in the same boat as you .
climbed that one before i got on top of queen .
after i did the one right of my shadow .
forget the name but it was the easiest going of the three .
anytime anyone says i do n't like sweets '' or i eat too many sweets '' i just find it annoying .
the problem is conservatives have different definitions than people in the mainstream do .
when they say elite '' what they really mean is hollywood the intellectuals in academia i.e .
scientists who believe in climate change covid-19 evolution etc .
you can be wildly rich own country clubs that charge 200k to become a member trump 's actual fee and live in an ivory tower but just as long as you 're not an intellectual just as long as you 're not a career politician just as long as you 're not a star who is also a liberal then you 're not an elitist .
of course this does not at all match up with the dictionary definitions but that 's what they go with .
if i build fisch as a sub dps then should i go with bloodstain or thundering fury as artifacts ?
how cool would it be if you could set up decorations to only come out in nov-jan ?
his local ps4 games will stay on his ps4 .
his save data is on both the ps4 itself and on the cloud .
if you download a ps4 game onto the ps5 and he logged into his account he would then be able to access his save data for that game .
i 'm logged into my brothers ps5 and have just left it logged in .
also shared a game like i said to make it legit .
i 've claimed all the games in the collection and they appear in my ps4 library now .
in case you did n't know you can have 1 primary ps4 and 1 primary ps5 .
if it was possible we would go straight to her every time and blame it on a fucked up delivery .
better mona than those jerks who go out their way to make things hard on you .
most native english speakers are familiar with the colloquialism of what a forever home is which is a phrase used to denote a home where you 've allowed yourself to indulge in costs design choices and luxuries that perhaps if you were considering selling in the future you may not have .
this is actually my parents cottage but they live abroad so he 's been looking after it .
my uncle is a hoarder and does things like this all the time and then my parents get angry emails from the neighbours .
i actually have to go up there tomorrow to make sure he has n't snuck in anymore broken appliances !
three years ago he nailed old video cameras to the trees to make it look like we have cctv .
i did n't get a chance to take a picture though because someone stole them .
his jumper actually used to be much smoother but he changed it since his rookie year and now it has that hitch .
er doc here nice job on your understanding and articulating the pathophysiology of it .
bushing comps do n't usually add much performance gain if any .
what if you are a government that has the death penalty for certain crimes ?
it 's really sad that a comment like that on this sub really needs the s .
i wish we still had our sense of humor .
it 's hated because the story is trash and has nothing to do with part 1 .
the behaviour of all character it 's not tje same and you must play the antagonist for 10 hours and it 's so fucking cursed
i 'm pretty sure that practically every developer targeting 2-3 year old specs is actually a huge problem for nvidia/amd lol
developers are the ultimate bottleneck on advances in tech .
that 's why nvidia pays them to use nvidia tech .
i am getting to damage boost and i 'm using other track powers to get glue storm and i 'm working on getting a good bloom boost
ce sucks and if you even play the very first ex stage of the event you 'll be taking on 80k enemies that will drop without doing a single point of damage to you potentially .
know the specific mechanics of what you 're up against is far more important and even that aside the ce formula ca n't really quantify gimmicks like link damage enemy skill cd/icd damage reduction etc .
i noticed another comment where you mentioned ch11 and yeah you 're definitely at the point where ce really starts not mattering .
did you see the leadership summit where trump got laughed at ?
this is the kind of person you wish becomes the inspiration for a horror movie .
have you ever been to mumbai slums those people are exact example of what you are proposing to farmers .
i 'd rather have my own land do what i want to do and still get my childrens better education then those who are living in slums they came to mumbai after selling their lands in search of better education for their children
force you to sell all your home property and leave you business and forces you to work in shitty polluted cities just because you are making less profit then governments corporate friends
it 's not about how much profit or loss farmers are making in there own business .
farmers can still sell there land or move to cities without these new laws but it 'll be their choices not by force
well i already tried those things i did put a bounty on him he did n't really care and ended up just killing anyone who 'd try to get the bounty anyways like nothing even happened i did also once get deities involved because he burned down a whole city and i was n't that much happy about that as you can imagine i said that the fire god has appeared because he messed with the powers of fire too much and that the fire god is giving him last chance to get better and stuff but uhh what he did was he wanted to kill the god he straight up asked me if he can box with a fire god ... you can imagine that did n't go well for him and it ended up with him being killed but he did n't care at all even after that so yeah .
i mean maybe he just wants to see me in misery and he wants to annoy me and destroy my hours of work what do i know really ¯ qwq ¯
when genshin turned into a dark rpg about war trauma and civilian violence
i mean they were sitting the wastes before it became a trend .
egypt is an incredible country so much history natural beauty and welcoming people .
i had the pleasure and admittedly frustration of working there for 3 years .
sad to see it 's decline but am optimistic about its future .
it 's just photomath for homework dude it 's not that deep
can you publish that to crates.io for easier install and updating via cargo install cargo install-update a ?
oh i though it was because in that period japan was needed for advanced machinery which were efficient and costed less .
also they were maybe the only asian country to have industrialisation that early
i have been in thousands of peoples homes as a service guy .
honestly your home looks nicer than about 90 of the places i have ever been into !
albon has to jump norris really his 1 job today .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politicalhumor if you have any questions or concerns .
maybe link where your purchased it from if you do n't mind .
i swear there are like 20759300 mods for your female dragonborn including a million skimpy armours to show off her massive jiggle-modded bazongahonkas but for dudes there 's like 5 mods and the one male armour mod just looks like vanilla
the detailed one scares me and i know it should n't
we mostly focus on the issue of not annexing texas sooner because they were in the south and would 've been a slave state upsetting the balance of power in the country at the time .
they highlight the movement of troops closer to the border to lure mexico into firing the first shot but also focus on the repeated requests by texas to join the union being a major factor in finally taking action .
we also focus on the refusal of mexico to enter peace negotiations due to the political attitudes of certain members of the government .
but overall it 's shown as the match that sparked the american civil war .
it 's not focused on as heavily as other conflicts like the french and indian war the revolution or the civil war .
as a norwegian i knew there was something scandinavian going on .
then i noticed the lyrics was actually fluent danish .
i 'm scheduled to make another tomorrow so those eere timely .
so at most they would 've been around 22 in rotj .
i believe the premise of your question is faulty if you 're implying that russia faciliated fraud in the 2016 election .
while it is clear that russia meddled in the 2016 election there is no evidence to suggest that russian agents changed vote totals in the states clinton lost fraudulently throwing the election to trump .
russian meddling took the form of misinformation campaigns particularly on social media as well as hacking democrats ' systems in an effort to find and release embarrassing information .
abolsutely no one has presented any evidence whatsoever indicating that fraud is widespread in us elections or has any impact on those elections including a presidential commission https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/presidential_advisory_commission_on_election_integrity set up by trump after the 2016 election .
there is a nationwide conspiracy that has infiltrated both republican and democratic states involving by necessity thousands of people who are all so well trained and organized that they are able to completely hide any and all evidence of their activities so thoroughly that even with full control of the government from 2016-18 the republicans were unable to uncover any evidence of this conspiracy 's existence but also somehow were unable to stop trump from winning in 2016 .
b ignoring pensions which make a huge difference to taxation/money invested .
c ignoring the boost you get if working as a couple
my take is you should look at pension access age as the baseline fi age and then see how far you can work backwards .
it took me 25 years to reach lean fi doing it badly without knowing the fire principles but working as a couple .
go to the fag counter and take all the rolls of the scratch cards
it 's probably time he comes to the cold harsh bitter reality that he wont become an overnight sensation .
unless he 's got big tits he 's going to need a reason for people to be interested in him .
and even then it 's going to take lots of time for people to learn about him .
you dont just throw up a webcam and suddenly expect hundreds of adoring fans clinging to your every word .
no they have n't started developing it back then .
back then it was full hands on deck with witcher 3 and then patching w3 and addonns to w3 .
concepts story drawing board is not developing for hardware .
in the meantime we had ryzen revolution dawn of hardware based raytracing and significant push in gpu power .
and last but not least we have announcements and release of next gen consoles .
ps4 era and mid gen refresh was an unique situation caused by market stagnation .
cdpr obviously tweaked the game to utilise new hardware and new technologies .
and it is breathtaking if you have at least mid range pc .
if you want to experience it on consoles well buy series ps5 when available and wait for the next gen optimised version .
a deposit before bidding on things is a super normal thing to prevent literally exactly what 's being talked about here .
not my fault you 're bad at problem solving .
i think it suits taylor better but mostly because on sophie 's dress the silky fabric is wrinkled the opening is wider and there appears to be a small stain .
just looks a bit messy compared to the sleekness of taylor 's
animals sick with rabies do n't get in your trash as they stop drinking eating .
your thread or comment has been removed by the moderators .
you 're asking for personal advice which belongs in the daily advice thread https www.reddit.com/r/summonerswar/search ? q=daily+advice restrict_sr=on t=day !
for advice threads to remain on the main page they must benefit more people than just the original poster .
flairing can be done only after your post is submitted .
once it is submitted you will see the option to flair directly under your post .
luck '' posts labeled as discussion '' humor '' posts labeled as news '' etc .
be sure to check out this subreddit 's main sticky post https redd.it/6qpr6o with guides resources posting policies and more .
i mean ... .. you just perfectly described the 40k imperium of man usual tactic
i 've got some anime i have n't given a chance yet .
stopped most of the fate stuff other than ubw and zero because i did n't recognize people probably gon na watch them some time in the future tho put off konosuba s2 until a few months ago because i was peeved by how s1 ended and i 'm on episode 4 of the royal tutor but i just do n't get what to like about it .
the anime i almost passed but i 'm super glad i did n't is asobi asobase like that shit is the pure 100 mexican black tar heroine of anime comedy .
i was initially put off by the occasional ub-esque drawing for when the characters know they 're in deep shit but after getting used to the comedy it 's just amazing .
this is the anime that told me to not judge it until after at least a couple episodes or at least a couple rewatches of the first episodes .
if your best source of information is reddit the wrong subreddit that is ... also it 's an open beta not an official release there 's no need to advertise all over the place .
all the official websites and twitter are giving the required information .
i 'll probably do a smaller dutch club after i get a year or ten in my psv game .
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/18nsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
your post was automatically removed please post again with a more descriptive title
for identifying a song/artist/album include at least one of these details in your title
era genre/style artist type or artist source name language lyrics music video
note that the safest way to make sure your post is accepted is to include at least one of the relevant keywords with a colon lyrics source name etc .
if you know many of the details do n't overload the title only include the most important/unique details and put the rest inside the post .
90 's song by an alternative rock band male singer/s
ballad by a female singer sounds liek it 's from the 80 's
music video where a guy is walking in the street towards the camera bittersweet symphony btw
song in japanese i think it 's from an anime
please do n't put a url as the detail here
what 's the background music in this video called ?
for identifying a genre you should use a format like
what 's the genre of the song title '' by artist ?
what 's the sub-genre of this electronic background music ?
for locating an already identified song/album in a legal way you should use a format like
where can i purchase/stream song/album title '' by artist ?
make sure you 've read the guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/namethatsong/comments/cu0x42 before posting and good luck
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/namethatsong if you have any questions or concerns .
i recently bought a corsair ironclaw rgb wireless and i wondered if there is a way to assign a macro to two clicks of e.g .
as i have copy cmd+c on one click i 'd like to have cut cmd+x on two clicks that somehow possible ?
it 's a wildly interesting and complex sounding hip hop record with psychedelic flourishes off the wall rhymes and an overall unique concept .
it 's one of my favorite records of all time and one that gets better with age .
please join our discord to be marked as a seller !
make sure to use a sfw username and profile image when joining .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
abe already had this reasoning against him for rio though .
it 's sad either way i wonder what will maruyama do from now on ... will he continue to compete as a meber of b team like ebinuma in 73 does right now ?
i just think kids are so great in small doses for me proud auntie of 6 and that they should be nurtured to be who they are .
i 'm pretty sure my whole family would explode if i were gay .
my brother would probably be fine as long as we kept it hush hush .
but instead he married one like it sounds like your ex is and that 's so much worse .
sorry no offense to you at least you 're rid of her now and have the best part of her in your life .
anyway i think because of how i was shoved into a pigeon hole and just took what i wanted regardless i feel it 's better to tell a kid hey you know what i do n't care what it is i 'm here .
my 7 year old nephew i think he 's picked on a little at school because he 's into dinos marvel movies and video games .
i do n't know what the rednecks around here consider normal because i 've never been one of their kind .
but i tell him constantly that he 's weird and that is the best thing ever ! !
who wants to be just like everyone else ? ?
being weird means you think for yourself and you 're your own person ! !
he gives me a look and says okay and takes off to be black panther some more .
i keep telling him thor is the best but he does n't listen .
but if you just keep letting your daughter know that nothing will change your love for her she will start to understand .
when she 's a bit older tell her no matter who she loves you 'll still love her .
and as someone else said if she sees you with people that you 've been telling her are just people that differences do n't matter she will believe that faster than words .
i know i learned my mom was not truthful when she acted to be friends with people but then when we got to our apartment she 'd call them racial slurs .
i thought they were great people and i knew those must not be nice words if she could n't say them outside of our house .
and that has lead to many many many years of not particularly trusting anything my mom says .
oh wow this was the most obnoxious thing i 've seen all day
who 's better to invest in c4 sucrose or c0 jean ?
cyberpunk 2077 is going to flop/is overhyped '' has been posted several thousand times to this sub .
post about the delay have been reposted several dozen times today .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unpopularopinion if you have any questions or concerns .
you barefeet and cock are just about to make me cum .
to be completely honest i 'm still the top .
i have almost no emotional connection to the vast majority of the jedi besides the big players like yoda and obi-wan .
what a dummy ... joining the pack some people just need drama .
if you 're getting something from the yard cement plasterboard large items etc then at jewsons and most other builders merchants you need to see one of the workers in the yard to write you a ticket and load it first .
if you go inside to the counter they 'll just send you back out for the ticket .
watch out the yard staff at builders merchants are hide and seek champions they test them on their hiding ability at the interview .
they have to hide and if they stay hidden for 20 minutes they get the job .
at some merchants like jt atkinsons you get the ticket inside first then see one of the hide and seek champions to find it .
obviously if it 's screws or small items then you get it inside and take it to the front desk .
please check your inbox https reddit.com/message/inbox to have it automatically approved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ukpersonalfinance if you have any questions or concerns .
maybe these extra bits will provide some extra stimulation for partners in the future .
so sorry for not getting back to you sooner .
i 'm not really in the market for nmt or bells right now as i have an excess of both .
i can do 4 lamps for glass holder with candle rattan arm chair tea set and wedding bench ?
snl has not been funny for awhile now trying hard but falling short .
i 'm off to roast people who do n't have cake day .
my best friend in middle school 's brother joked about having a gun in his locker a few days after columbine .
no one thought it was a joke and the school would n't relent .
there was a little known less deadly school shooting in my state that was perpetrated by middle schoolers the year before .
the state could n't charge them as adults so our idiot governor changed the laws .
in high school someone actually did bring a gun to school .
the resource officer and detectives confronted him but he ran .
we were n't allowed on campus and just kinda wandered off .
now that i think of it we were n't allowed in the buildings before school and had to hang in out the courtyard '' which was the space between two building and the other sides were closed off by chainlink fence .
it would have been a fucking massacre if he actually did anything .
please read the faq https www.reddit.com/r/delta8/comments/g6z06o/delta8_faq_start_here as many common questions are already answered .
please also use the search function to see if you question was already answered .
if your question was not covered in the faq we appreciate the submission .
if you think the question should be added to our faq please send a modmail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/delta8 if you have any questions or concerns .
to understand the phantom menace you had to be george lucas .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memesita if you have any questions or concerns .
she 's done so much for all of us i just ... her and cher mang
what do you mean when you referred to his family ?
if you think dummy thick pramanix comic was cursed you do n't know what cursed means .
possibly to a sympathetic lawyer in dc someone with an established following .
that could get those people identified and held accountable .
following the interception chandler_wolves rb elisanders62 punches it in for his 2nd rushing td of the game .
wolves extend their lead to 23-7 with 10:45 left in the game azhsfb
i was still lurking on that sub a while ago because there were there are still a lot of helpful resources and information .
i do n't know what happened to them recently .
a bit of venting is okay i guess but everyday is the same kind of ranting .
there are even posts body shaming pregnant women calling their body gross .
and everyone who called them out get down voted .
like sure you do n't want to subject yourself to that but why insulting other people for no reason ?
it is great for buying and selling crypto with low fees .
would appreciate if you used my link for signing up and getting your bonus https www.bitpanda.com ? ref=230430692040657949 https www.bitpanda.com ? ref=230430692040657949
unfortunately your submission has been removed per the following rules
low investment content can be but is not limited to dae eli5 cmv til aska polls requests for users to educate you on a subject or assist you with an outside argument bald speculation and discussion prompts that boil down to thoughts '' how does this affect the election '' discuss '' and other similar permutations .
this is better suited for the casual questions thread .
please note that our submission guidelines are intended to maintain the high quality of discussion on the subreddit .
except in rare circumstances removal of your submission does not count as a 'warning ' and we hope you feel encouraged to redraft within our guidelines per the sidebar and our wiki guide to posting https www.reddit.com/r/politicaldiscussion/wiki/posts .
if you feel this was done in error would like clarification or need further assistance please message the moderators via modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/politicaldiscussion subject=messaging regarding the removal of this submission by u/kangajab message=messaging about this submission. https www.reddit.com/r/politicaldiscussion/comments/kc62r8 .
please check with the moderators first before reposting this topic .
its not a pure skill dmg build its a status effect skill damage hybrid for pvp i have 2 similar builds like the one you mentioned for pve as well the first 1 also hits for 8.34 mill capacitor buff kinetic momentum im running the 2nd with glass cannon but dunno the excact damage numbers from the turret but i get 12.4 mill with the sticky bomb with capacitor buff
note the damage numbers dont seem trustworthy sometimes i get 7.4 mill sometimes 8.35 mill with the turret no matter which mortar build i use or which weapon buffs are active
bro i ai n't even fucking old and i doubt i understand it to the level most of you guys do but i get this
i used to have an svs pb-1000 which as many of you might now has a very flat frequency response .
however in my room in the listening spot 45hz was just way too loud .
i do n't understand why people think eqs are a bad thing .
i used to use them all the time until i got my current setup .
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
you do not have enough comment karma to post .
if you feel something is wrong please reply or message us directly https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/youngpeopleyoutube .
please do not ask for the required karma amount it is currently publically undisclosed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youngpeopleyoutube if you have any questions or concerns .
points are largely irrelevant except for score victory which is n't real .
you can message me anytime and i 'll answer whenever possible .
we can have video calls if you need any explanations if possible although i 'm not a teacher or a tutor and never taught arabic to anyone .
you can never really be ready for the loss of someone you love.. i am really sorry for your loss .
i am sure your mom would want you to have a good and long life so please stay safe ❤️ again i 'm so sorry.. .
no because while being the best player in the world cup modrić was still one of the best players in all competitions .
that is what annoyed me there is not a single feature that they shared .
they did n't even try and used jurisdiction as an excuse .
besides the daily mail i know problematic seems to have done a thorough investigation for their new four-part series .
your comment removed because the whole post is being removed
bold of you to assume i have two anemo characters ...
i literally do not know anyboss past lvl 400 where i 'm not 99 on utito .
1 blue item extra due participation and you got the e ring+gsp/usp cost back .
and due to the sharpshooter nerf the 4 distance became relatively better .
if you have 2 life+critical but always be on utito is game changer and in my opinion meta .
and if you are high enough swap life leech with distance .
always a good day when you get the wedge for a delivery .
only marginally more challenging than the single drop insurgent but way more fun .
it probably just got out of the house or yard .
it 's not unheard of for dogs to get loose .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i 👁 can easily ✅ make 💘 u 🍆🔥✊ squirt 💦 cuz 🤔 ur 🅱 a horny 😉 nympho 🤤🎟🎢 .
i 👁 had this gf 💞👫 once i 👥 kinda 🙅 like 💖 had to talk 🗣 her 👩 into coming 😩🍆💦 with me to a motel 🏨 .
although 👐🏻 weve 👫 had lotsa 💯 sex 😩🍆🍑 before 😂 and sex 🍑🍆💦 being the only thing 📴 that connected 📡 us 👨 she 👩 blurts out that she 👩🏾‍🎤 doesnt wan na 🙈 be there right 👌 after 2️⃣ we get 🔟 inside 💠 and i 👁 was coming 💦😰💨 outta 📍 the shower 🚿 .
u 💦🤕🔫 only want 😍 to fuck 🖕 me thats ✔ all 💯 u 🍆 want 😍 she 👩 said 🗣 .
i 👁 had her 👩 t shirt 👕 and bra 👙😝💊 off 📴 and i 👥 was sucking 😜💦 her 👩 nice 🔥 tits 🍒 .
i 👁 unbuttoned 👖 her 👩 pants 👖 she 👩 came 💦 out of them reluctantly 🙅‍♂️ seeming 😮 and i 👁 began 🔘 rubbing 👋🤚 her 👩 cunt 🍑 with her 👸 panties 👙 still 🙄 on 🔛 .
i 👁 managed 🙍 to take 👊 them off 📴 and she 👩 held 👭 her 😅👸 legs 👐 together 👫👷🏿 tight 😫 .
i 👁 licked 👅 her 👩 thighs 🍗 and her 😅👸 abdomen 😂 til ⬆ the legs 👐 loosened up 👋⬆ some and i 👁 was able 💪 reach 👉 her 👩❓ cunt 🍑 with my tongue 👅 .
in no 🙅 time ⏰ at all 💯 her 👩 legs 👐 were spread 🍕 wide 👐 and she 👩🏾 was dripping ⬇💧 .
i 👁 kneeled 🔽 behind 👟 her 👩 and gently 😉😏 rubbed 🥵🙀 my cock 🍆 on 🔛 her 👩 cunt 🌮 .
she 👩 was scowling at me while she 👧 backed 🔙 her 👩 ass 🍑 up ⬆ to my cock 🍆 .
my cock 🍆🐔 going 👉 in her 👩 cunt 🍑🤰 easy ✅ as she 👩 was superwet .
i 👁 just knelt there like 💖 a post 📝 she 👩 did all 💯 the backing ⬅ into my cock 🍆 .
i go in for a virtual hug but secretly hack into their bank account and steal their money
eventually he caught a fuccin theft case and lost it all anyway .
it will take time to gather the information which i would but i do n't like wasting my time .
your absolutely right even in zoos keepers are way way more cautious with hippos as they will turn without a moment 's warning .
i have 1 billion wins in the last 2 minutes
sometimes the future seems so dark but man it 's good to know you are feeling good about yourself
i get what you saying but some heroes are just illegal to get buffed i like techies but i really do n't want to see him buffed way too cancerous
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mhocmp if you have any questions or concerns .
please review the side bar for the rules and remember to keep season two spoilers out of your title .
to resolve this resubmit after reviewing the rules and remember to tag any spoilers you have this is the way .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/themandaloriantv if you have any questions or concerns .
they need to really throw in a good co main this is bad lol even though i ca n't wait for conor to take his head off
i regularly do the most damage on my team while building tanky and offering cc and an insane pick ultimate .
not sure how much help i can be but for one thing maybe take comfort in the fact that there has been likely literally no case in history where a woman has ever gotten pregnant that way .
even if by some miracle there was some undocumented case it 's still guaranteed to be next to impossible .
millions of women are doing these daily activities without these thoughts and literally none have been affected .
another thing that might help is thinking in terms of probabilities .
i remember hearing that the chances of getting pregnant while having full blown sex is around 20 to 30 percent .
now this chance reduces even further when you are doing some sexual activity with withdrawal .
chances reduce to an even more negligible amount when there is some sexual activity but no piv .
considering all this chances are non-existent when you do daily activities with no direct contact with a man or activities like shaking a hand .
a couple more things sperm does not last very long outside the body .
sperm can live between 15 to 30 mins outside the human body even if it is somewhere external like the skin .
so for pregnancy to happen in the cases you mentioned
first someone had to have tampered with the liquid soap or toilet paper .
the tampering must have been sometime in the past half an hour of you using the toilet paper or soap which is also unlikely .
you touch your vagina in the next 15 mins to half an hour of using the soap or shaking someone 's hand .
the sperm needs to be able to swim up which is unlikely if you put your hands somewhere near the opening .
biologically it should be the right time for fertilization .
taking into account all this it is more likely an asteroid will hit the earth without anyone knowing .
to calm yourself down and not let if affect your daily life any time you feel anxious about something think about the chances being this impossible .
as a next step perhaps going to a therapist might help .
for now i promise you 're not pregnant please get some sleep !
on another note why do you feel unsafe in your home ?
do you have reason to believe that someone might be tampering with products you use ?
fuck off cooldownbot do you not fucking understand that the fucking world is fucking never going to fucking be a perfect fucking happy place ?
seriously some people fucking use fucking foul language is that really fucking so bad ?
people fucking use it for emphasis or sometimes fucking to be hateful .
it is never fucking going to go away though .
this is fucking just how the fucking world and the fucking internet is .
do n't you fucking realize that fucking people can fucking multitask and fucking focus on multiple fucking things ?
people do n't fucking want to focus on the fucking important shit 100 of the fucking time .
sometimes it 's nice to just fucking sit back and fucking relax .
i do n't know why i am getting 2012 vibe form this
i 'm just saying.. you look like you did n't want to be there .
i have to disagree with the commenter saying it 's a bad idea too .
in my experience underloading really helped me improve my results and also reduce stress .
i did summer and winter subjects too and you do need to manage your time properly because they are quite intense .
winter subjects especially you do n't get too much of a break so you might feel a bit burnt out if you do n't make sure that you 're taking some time out for yourself each week but it 's definitely not unmanageable
i 'd recommend doing a breadth for your winter subject so it at least feels a bit more like a break .
one really great one is auslan and visual communication .
it 's one week of teaching and then assessments due later .
you do have to put some work in to get a good mark but i found it really interesting engaging and definitely not arduous
if you optimize talis for atk spd you lose damage reforges quite a simple concept no ?
also if you get a livid dagger theres no use to any of the slayer weapons .
also your point about losing dmg for cc get more talismans .
if you use a livid dagger and get more talismans you will just be getting more damage on top of 100 atk spd and 100 cc
you should really get a job as a detective !
these copy paste skills for the last few years are really impressive .
i agree but i also think kenny 's looking at roman and jay white and thinking i need to be talking too .
don and tony are n't going to tell him otherwise .
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/meme in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
i have n't counted so maybe that 's why .
she did n't need a rock when she fought kylo on the death star ripoff planet interestingly .
she just knew how to use it like she knew how to jedi mind trick people .
imagine being trained in the force since you were a young boy .
the only living jedi in the universe is training you .
he 's been trained by yoda and obi wan and is the son of the most powerful jedi in the world and now passes that knowledge to you .
you grow up learning this its in your blood too because hes your uncle .
then at some point you almost get murdered in your sleep for having thoughts about killing your teacher because he gives you too much lightsaber homework one night .
so your uncle teacher comes in and nearly decapitates you but you sense it and fuck him up .
you then learn the ways of the dark side .
you 're essentially a skywalker blooded jedi who 's learned the ways of the force and the dark side of the force .
you annihilate everything in your way you can stop blaster shots in mid air .
she 's an abandoned child who lived on a desert planet and sells scrap for food .
shes got your grandfathers lightsaber somehow now and disarms you and then slashes you up essentially disabling you .
now you 're on your back wondering how this hick girl from bum fuck no where just used some bastardized form iv fighting style that nearly kills you .
we would if they are not as rare as an arasaka biochip right about now
your content is great but your seo score is low .
do you want to improve your seo score and promote videos with the channel ?
5 of those minutes are gon na be the end of race doughnuts
you have to wonder if lewis is feeling the effects of his bout of covid
if you have questions feel free to dm us !
we 've been diagnosed for a year and knew for like 5 years before that .
apparently was having trouble with his eyesight which led to a misunderstanding .
then i do n't understand why you 're here .
you know you do n't have ps plus why are you surprised that a ps plus service do n't working ?
picked up a gold crew neck for 20.37 shipped .
not my ideal color but this will be great for lounging around the house .
after the 17th or when the character is out i guess
on a positive note morelos 's hair is looking more normal
interesting the increased rolling resistance and additional drag should cost you 2-3mpg
regarding the impact of estrogen drops i have found that if i take a continuous bc i only do one placebo pill '' off week per 12 weeks 4x a year that it helps tremendously .
i am not sure if you 've looked into bc or the potential support of that .
i currently take adderall xr as well but even being on bc is a big help for my adhd which i found out by accident honestly .
of course you have a point and i 'm sorry for posting a bit ancillary but if anything can help ameliorate issues i think it 's worth knowing about .
there 's some light research that bc can help with adhd in women specifically because of the hormonal issues you 're noticing .
my husband has an injury that causes chronic pain and i have adhd so we 're at least lucky that we both can say i 'm running low on spoons '' the metaphor and each understand .
of course sometimes it is very hard if we both are low on spoons at the same time and things need to be done .
a small guy working as a bouncer at a busy bar .
unlikely is a bit of a risk though as if they do then they 're in trouble ?
as its going from 3 people paying the rent to two .
and it has been 6 years so valid reason to do another credit check .
and they 're family members and we all get on so extremely unlikely anything like not paying bills would happen
vivian 's good if you want to run rotania to reduce her cost since she costs 20 .
when you watch all these unboxings and see people pulling legendarys here and there out of there first or second packs it makes you feel like you 're the unlucky one and 5 boxes is way too many .
also i thought average was about one per case for rathe .
your post has been automatically removed because you posted an image or video that you did not tag as oc or art .
please confirm that your post is original content by reposting with oc or art in the title .
it is recommended you delete the initial post before reposting .
if your post is not original content or if it is on our list of banned subjects https www.reddit.com/r/dnd/wiki/rules wiki_3._all_images_must_be_original_content.2c_must_be_tagged_as_.5boc.5d.2c_and_must_not_be_on_our_banned_subjects_list .
such as simple pictures of books or dice you may receive a warning .
after re-posting with the correct title your post will also require a description in the comments at least 400 characters in length .
our complete list of rules can be found in the sidebar or on our rules wiki page https www.reddit.com/r/dnd/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dnd if you have any questions or concerns .
bro if ksi in 2021 will not have sixpack jj must to go bald
also i have better things to do rather to get onto porn ''
it definitely felt more like new japan omega to me and he got off some brutal v-triggers as well .
bro is there a way to capture whatever yeast there is and by changing some things kill the bacteria like we do in sourdough starter to remove sourness .
like we throw away most of our starter and feed it every 2 hours till it is n't sour anymoy .
it can sometimes be easier to get into grad school with a non speech background because a lot of grad programs like to mix the cohort with folks who have a speech undergrad with those who do n't .
a related or very useful undergrad for speech could be linguistic english or language arts or psychology .
i was a second career mature student and my undergrad was in graphic design .
i had quite a bit of catching up to do but it was doable .
the best way to know if slp is for you is to go shadow some slps in different settings .
that might not be possible in person right now but you can probably get in on some zoom therapy calls talk to those slps to find out what they love about what they do and what they do n't love .
there are literally dozens and they 're usually free .
some are basic intro then there are a lot that go into more detail along a particular topic econometrics spatial analysis gis and so on .
a few intro-level things i have in my download folders right now is
also note that many packages not all have detailed and useful vignettes '' that can help you learn how to use them and many many professors have put their intro and upper-level courses online and freely downloadable at places like github .
actually it would be a better capital then adana .
should be by the end of the month not sure exactly when since it 'll depend on when i close the survey in the first place
so was gas for that desert you bought worth 700 ?
guess you didnt even play the game a whole lot .
show me any open world game thats in a perfect state at release .
not even the rockstar games are released fully polished and face heavy backlash in the first weeks after release .
short memory people like you seem to forget that .
keep circlejerking while im enjoying the game with a great setting and story awesome quests and probably the best graphics in a videogame so far .
just look at the details of npc textures and show me someone who did it better .
i think they 're about evenly terrible but the rage i feel at it being the finale swings it .
i 'm not religious but i believe in god .
well from what i can tell they should be able to find him at the top of an enormous beanstalk
i 'm 34 i do n't want a fucking 15-year-old telling me it 's their pleasure to serve me .
ya know i play my game muted do n't like playing games with sound so ye
because riot brings it back every year no reason ggg ca n't do the same .
personally i do n't care for someone telling me how i like to eat my fucking cake though .
the campaign we go through now has been played out as it is and we still do it if people were gon na get bored so quickly with the same thing they 'd have told path of exile to fuck off already .
if the majority of people are gon na leave after 3-4 weeks anyway then it should n't fucking matter .
it is really annoying as you ca n't cancel that
i think sex is the most overrated thing of all time .
speaking from experience here but if you have never gotten some at an age where the vast majority of people have in a culture that is heavily based on sex then it 's very difficult not to overrate it .
i can not imagine what a weight has been liften from ops shoulders and i hope that i can soon find that peace too .
also remember it 's reddit so it 's armchair experts who ooze confidence but stand in the shadows in real life so yeah reddit is no gauge for reality whatsoever people are going to cry in the comments saying they do n't care and still hate it fuck em
the exceptions are in super compact server/workstation motherboards where there needs to be masses of memory say 4/8 dimm slots next to a chonk cpu in a small space .
fucking hell he 's had a kid at 19 ?
just like with foden i have no idea why you 'd want a baby when you 're that young i 'm 20 and having a kid now sounds like my worst nightmare .
i suppose money is n't much of an issue for them but as a young rich footballer idk why you 'd want to get tied down like that
tldr i was an athletic manager in high school and did n't have to do any school work and was given passing grades anyway .
i had always been a good student academically but athletic-wise i fell short .
so my junior senior year in high school i became the basketball athletic manager '' and i was a darn good one .
i made sure all the teams had their water bottles filled at all times fresh towels when needed new slick mats for every game i was in charge of washing jerseys emotional support literally holding hands for players who were injured and had to see the sports nurse and kept stats on each players performance on every game for the coaches to analyze .
i was also needed for every away game so i spent very little time in school .
because the coaches were able to count on me for making their lives easier i pretty much did n't have to do any schoolwork .
my coaches were the history teachers as coaches usually are and one of them was the most admired coach of the town .
he 'd been with the school for decades was an alumni himself and his wife was also my 4th grade teacher and apparently i made such a huge impression on her then because he would tell me how much she loved teaching me because i genuinely made an effort and made her enjoy teaching her class this definitely scored me perk points .
because of this he made a deal with me that if i drew out game plans on huge poster boards for the team to study in the locker room he 'd make it to where i did n't have to do any assignments and he 'd let all the other teachers know that i was needed for any and all games many of which were during school .
also the only time i had to do this task would be during his class time so i did n't have to go to class/participate either .
mind all of this this coach also believed in the saying if you ai n't cheatin ' you ai n't tryin ' '' .
it also helped that i came from a very small town my graduating class was only 45 total and almost all of the high school teachers at that time had at least one child in my grade .
i was pretty much friends with everyone in my class too so the teachers knew my character well enough to not question the coach and his requests .
when it came down to tests or quizzes i would get up to a 20pt .
curve because i was technically not given the same amount of class time as everyone else .
i learned at a young age that sometimes it 's not about what you know but about who you know .
i was on the wing like promes and i ching man down like promes
not sure about the whole this had been happening for years '' part since the dogs were only ten months old but everything else you said tracks with what i remember of this case .
the dogs were friggin wolf hybrids allowed to roam unsupervised at night .
the owner claims they got out '' but got out of what ?
he had no fence or enclosure and would just let them roam !
what did he think they 'd automatically know to respect his property line ?
total joke of an owner spinning a story for sympathy .
i feel bad for the dog that was shot and getting that note/everything that happened must have been a cold dip in the reality pool but come on .
i bought the loose ends bundle back in season 11 because i did n't have a ghost skin and then they released jawbone in the bp
i really suck at using a bow got r1 stringless thinking of getting r1 viridecent hunt so i mostly put him into melee stance and hit away .
geforce now has the best in game graphics nvidia shield ai upscaling especially .
it is a pita at the moment though after cyberpunks release .
it really needs a universal front end to better hide steam gog epic uplay and any others .
stadia is a little behind graphically from geforce now but the interface ease into gaming and guaranteed game access makes it a much better standalone option than geforce now .
us to us sell/swap fs and sample makeup and fs perfume
i have been going through my collection and trying to declutter .
all items have been tested once by me unless otherwise stated .
i love to swap so try me on anything !
bpal somewhere or other ris 5ml 50 full filled to halfway down label a mist-veiled pale rose 10
bpal a vast simlitude interlocks all ris 5ml 45 full filled about halfway down label eternally lapping ocean waves at sunset touched by the pale pinkish amber of the setting sun .
smelly yetti ouran 7ml ris basically full bulgarian roses english roses rosehip jasmine pikake flower yuzu hint of tropical flavor 18
hexennacht bourbon street 1ml ris ajieve sample with old name on label coffee beignets mahogany pipe tobacco cocoa cardamom 1
haus of gloi seahorse symposium 1ml cool oceanic waters a tangle of seaweed and a playful curl of gully gum .
haus of gloi hearth 1ml ris the warm glowing center of home .
autumn 's last apple pickings warm bread orange rind various fire roasted nuts cracked black pepper all nailed down by an oozing sticky benzoin .
kheimistrii weirdass energy 1ml new cassia bark black ash wood hemp flower ginger root patchouli leaf and cardamom seed 2
my pretty zombie garbage juice 3.5ml ris a wet coffee grounds and marshmallow fluff scent .
the bathing garden pink candy queen soy butter sugar scrub new unused opened to sniff 8oz sweet pink candies pink cotton candy and hints of pink bubblegum .
candy panda breakfast at kara 's whipped body scrub new unused opened to sniff 10.5oz captain crunch marshmallows and sweet cotton candy 9
candy panda hot air balloon whipped body scrub new unused opened to sniff 10.5oz hot funnel cake strawberries whipped cream cotton candy frosting rich creamy frosting flavored with sugary sweet cotton candy 9
luvmilk ardent prince body spray ris 1oz filled bit below label lightly used 95 full ?
luvmilk festival days body spray 1oz ris filled just below sticker .
mostly full ramune strawberry pocky konbini dessert cakes rock candy 3
i would also contact that stores manager and explain the situation
hahahah i read this thinking op was 40 or an age where people feel the need to shame you for being single not 18 !
nta and stay single for as long as you want ! !
man i was so worried he was gon na hit the top
shit did i missed something did we turned into a stable coin ?
yeah we tell each other when we 're not in the mood just say i do n't want to right now .
sometimes i feel like i could get in the mood though so i 'll ask him to try but we both say if it does n't work then we do n't carry on
got to chapter 2 and enjoying it a lot but gave it a break cos of the motion sickness .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required topic tags .
please read the youtubers wiki entry on topic tags https www.reddit.com/r/youtubers/wiki/index wiki_topic_tags for the complete list and their usage .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtubers if you have any questions or concerns .
i got my san fran deluxe from rough trade which arrived a few weeks ago now but kg honeycomb was from recordstore think they are the only ones doing the honeycomb ?
your post has been queued for moderator review because your account does not meet the minimum age and karma threshold .
verified users do not have to meet any minimum requirements .
to become verified please refer to the information provided in the sidebar about tab in the app or click this link https www.reddit.com/r/sexy/wiki/index/verification .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/altgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
found a sick motorcycle for sale and checked it out .
only problem is that the guy said he never registered it after he bought it so i 'm wondering if that 'll be a problem when i take the title to the dmv .
i recently brought a new laptop and because of automatic update it got reset .
after reinstalling anaconda now it is n't launching jupiter notebook .
i click on launch after some loading nothing happens .
i tried re installation but same problem is happening again and again .
so i get camera panning stutters and what appears to dips in framerate on the fire tv stick and fire tv cube 2nd gen regardless of ethernet wifi .
however i 've noticed with the luna controller and chrome on my laptop that these issues seem to not exist .
is there a hardware bottleneck with streamers that hinder game streaming ?
i 've noticed people complaining of similar issues with stadia on the chromecast ultra and the stadia controller .
i 've always had the best luck with these services on a phone or a mobile device or some kind with semi speedy cpus .
i ca n't remember the name but it 's logo was a shield with a sword running long it diagonally .
the game took place on various servers with a different map for each server and players would have a city they could build and add more cities by conquering or building new ones .
there was resources to claim in wheat wood and stone to build armies to fight and hold resources .
and there was also factions you could join to fight other players .
according to statistics from on-chain analytics resource glassnode the number of bitcoin wallets containing a whole coin or more is at a new all-time high .
as of sunday almost 827,000 wallets had a balance of 1 btc or more .
the difficulty in accruing a whole unit of bitcoin has become an increasingly hot topic on social media amid the corporate investment narrative .
this has combined with data showing that despite recent price rises coins continue to leave exchanges for cold storage .
the result is that investor sentiment is being gauged as long-term hodl over short-term speculation .
so it says with a body of 12 you can one-hand a two handed weapon .
does this only apply to two-handed melee weapons or to shotguns also ?
hi referring to the topic above i am abit confused with my research .
i 'm looking to create a home automation eviroment while integrate with different devices or brands .
my main idea or objective is to be able do automations without an internet connection .
i have some research that i have done however would like your opinion from those who have worked on it .
i believe we require a hub for it which i think raspberry pi would be able to do that with home assistant conbee .
so basically i wanted to make the raspberry pi conbee to be a hub without it needed to connect with wifi and using home assistant for it application .
next i am thinking of using fully zigbee protocol .
hence i have been looking into tuya aqara and sonoff which i believe their devices is compatible with zigbee protocol .
but i 'm still unsure if the other aqara devices require their own aqara gateway/hub to be connected with the respberrypi
additional these are the devices that i 'm looking for the home automation
forgive me incompetence but can should you open multiple chrome tabs multiple windows with your shopping cart logged in ? ? ?
the university registrar https registrar.cornell.edu/sites/registrar/files/related-files/guide 20to 20spring 20enrollment 2020201201.pdf says avoid logging into student center from multiple windows multiple browsers or multiple devices .
doing so may result in class enrollment requests stuck in pending status and the inability to successfully submit future requests
i plan to have multiple tabs open with the shopping cart page open and with the classes i need to get check boxed .
so i can just click enroll '' instead of clicking proceed to step 2/3 ''
first time pc builder i want to show off my pretty white fans on my 3090 .
a friend sent me a letter back on nov 2nd from bc to alberta and it 's still not here .
it was just regular mail so it was n't tracked .
just moved on into ng but i keep getting one hit killed by even low level enemies which is almost certainly because i 'm 16 vitality and only wearing a helmet and pants .
is this game like ds3 where you need the armor slots all filled or you get a substantial decrease in defense ?
i just need a second chance if i do n't see a balder knight and he rolls up on me from behind
johnny's the resident carefree playboy on a team of two stuffy scientists and a self-loathing monster .
he frequently clashes with the pessimistic ben grimm but also helps the fantastic four relieve stress and tension with his constant stream of jokes and wisecracks .
reed strives to be scientific and methodical in everything that he does .
this dispassionate personality creates a sense of distance between him and his comrades – but there is no doubt that reed loves every member of his team and would do almost anything for them .
sue storm is the heart of the fantastic four .
reed richards might be their leader but when the superheroes are at each other 's throats it 's always sue who manages to calm everyone down .
and ben grimm is stuck in service to the perpetually ungrateful grimm has to juggle his own conscience with his sense of pride – and find a way to live with his new identity as the thing. personality ... gruff and pessimistic the thing 's hard exterior masks a heart of gold .
life for ben has consisted of one tragedy after another .
so i have a buddy who is engaged to be married and he believes that it is oppressive a woman to take her husbands name .
he feels strongly about it and im not sure that there 's anything that can change his mind on the issue .
the problem is that his fiancee absolutely wants to take his last name and is offended by the suggestion that they should each keep their family names .
apparently she had a mug custom made with the words mrs. his name printed on it .
from my understanding she is a die hard feminist .
so it 's super confusing that she would want to take his name .
i ca n't seem to come up with any arguments for why they should keep their own names besides the ones that he has already offered to her .
he does n't like the history of the practice and what it represents .
i 've suggested that he offer to take hers but he likes his last name and does n't want to change it .
he 's also is kind of a stickler for fairness and thinks that it is unfair for one spouse to take the others as it creates a power imbalance '' .
so i 'm making the smart decision and looking to reddit for answers lol
any advice on how a man can convince his fiancee that it 's not right for her to change her name to his ?
she 's african-american and he is 3rd generation polish .
does anyone know of any good alternatives that taste like the candy cane green tea ?
so for the past few weeks i 've been having trouble with coolant leaking and my car overheating .
i changed a corbin clamp that connected to the engine block from the radiator and that helped with the overheating but not so much with the leaking .
i fill it up with coolant and it always leaks out .
also it 's smoking from the radiator when i park and shut off the car and there 's like some type of condensation on the radiator or maybe coolant getting thrown around from the serpentine belt .
idk if i have to change the hose completely or maybe change a few clamps but i 've been trying to find the leak all day today but no luck .
if anyone of you have any ideas of what it might be or any tips i 'd greatly appreciate it .
just wondering what 's the illustration program like at st. john 's .
i mainly want to stay close to the city and i do n't want to go to an art college because of higher debt and loans so i was wondering what the major is like before fully committing ?
and please no unhelpful comments especially if you do n't know anyone within that program .
anyone else having problems with their motor around 32k miles ?
i 've blown a rod in cylinder 4,3 times now all after or around the same mileage .
i know a handful of people that have had the same problem .
just trying to figure out how many people have a similar problem .
this last time did n't throw a code or oil light .
only aftermarket thing i have is a cat back exhaust .
i asked subaru and they told me it would n't void my warranty
i just got my new bed delivered today i 'm so excited !
no doubt it was time for a new one .
my old one albeit great was about 15 years old and a hand me down .
not sure on the brand but it 's softer and i know it was 3000 when my grandma bought it then my mother had it then me .
i just got a new matress and spent 2500 bucks on it which is crazy but i 'm seriously hoping it will do some serious good .
i 'm thinking of picking up madden just for casual play im not a huge nfl fan so i 'm not to sure how this game works but would love to try it just for another game to play even if it means getting an older one like madden 18 or 19 .
i have a couple of tekton sets and was wondering if it 's worth it to upgrade one of them .
i have 47-piece 3/8-inch drive set https www.amazon.ca/gp/product/b07p6rjxj9/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o08_s00 ? ie=utf8 psc=1 and a 58-piece 1/2-inch drive set https www.amazon.ca/gp/product/b07pc7btv8/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o07_s00 ? ie=utf8 psc=1 .
i find myself using the 3/8-inch drive more frequently and i was wondering if it would be worth upgrading to the 74-piece 3/8-inch drive set https www.amazon.ca/gp/product/b07tbh736z/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o00_s00 ? ie=utf8 psc=1 ?
i can definitely see some benefits with that e.g .
but not sure if it 's worth the price given that i have the 1/2 inch drive set to complement .
for further information i am within the return period with amazon for the 47-piece 3/8-inch drive set so i would be returning it and buying the 74-piece set instead .
while running through japantown doing a gig for regina i got sent out to a pachinko parlor to clear out the owners who had fallen behind on their debts .
while there i came across a rather interesting literature shard link/image will be shared momentarily for those who want to see/read it and my first thought while doing so was so this is that easter egg '' .
anyone else think that this is indeed it or has anyone found other parts of the series of shards or perhaps better '' candidates for the ! ciri ! easter egg everyone seems so keen on hoping exists ?
! for anyone who wants to know about the character it 's a green-haired and golden-eyed traveler who has visited many worlds each built on a lie '' .
she states her home ... resembled a primitive world one long tainted by the stain of feudalism . ''
where she states that the robots of her world when questioned by the incredulous cannery supervisor were made from clay and stone '' .
oh and she 's through baffled by the notion and structures of a corporate world .
all of that comes from book 1 in a shard i found in the gambling den .
has anyone found any of the other subsequent entries by chance ?
and naturally apologies if others have already brought up this little discovery just thought i 'd share .
add me im 6,2 if that matters skinny and have an 8inch dick
there are tons of excellent board games out there that have subpar rulebooks shipped with the game but the folks on bgg usually have excellent clarifications and unoffical updated rulebooks .
sometimes the updated rulebooks are formatted to look just like the published copy with the game and i 'd like to print off some of those on the nice glossy paper with the 2x length and folded along the central binding you commonly see rulebooks printed on .
however that is n't possible on most home printers .
does anyone know of places online that you can submit pdfs to and have them print nice looking rulebooks ?
if anyone is always watching his twitch has he discussed releasing his new song ?
a week ago he posted that he was working on the video so it must be pretty close .
i applied to nw in october and they required a kira interview because i selected the checkbox that i 'd interview .
i did n't realize it would be via kira i absolutely hate kira and just have n't done it for 2 months now .
if i do it now will it raise any eyebrows ?
this all started when i got high and ate a chewing gum hoping to get rid of the smell .
we then decided to visit a friend 's place to play with their cat and kitten .
as my friend 's mom greeted us she offered each of us tea and laddoo an indian sweet dish made of jaggery and dry fruits .
forgetting to spit the gum i placed it smartly i believed it was then between teeth in my upper jaw and the muscle to the upper lip .
in india if your friend 's parent gives you something to eat you are obliged not to refuse it .
now high me forgot i had a chewing gum stuck there and started with the laddoo .
by the time i finished the laddoo and other talks/discussions i suddenly realized i had a chewing gum stuck on my teeth but when i touched that area there was just teeth there .
i got panicked and made it out of the house within a while without telling anyone feeling embarrassed .
later i drank liters of water to vomit the gum out .
it 's been 3 hours since and i still think the gum is stuck in my digestive tract .
tl dr went stoned to my friend 's home and gulped down chewing gum along with food
looking for around £12 for the voucher and i have more coming dm me for details or questions or to buy
go to the store pick up the items and checkout using red card .
do we have to scan or take a picture of the receipt ?
if they do n't have an item do we call the customer and see if they want something similar ?
if we do that will the customer be refunded/charged the diffrence later ?
but it 's so slow and i 'm desperate at this point to try to make it worth it .
you ever just wonder what kind of difference your life can make in the world by just leaving it or staying in it .
i wish there was a way to see both sides to see how much you really mattered .
the edge stars anthony hopkins and alec baldwin as opponents in the alaskan wilderness .
hopkins plays a billionaire genius jet-setting his trophy wife who has a photography passion and wants to capture the rugged wilderness often set against her own body in the foreground .
baldwin plays the adulterer tasked with killing hopkins for the massive insurance payout .
their plane unexpectedly crashes in the alaskan wilderness and they are hunted by a bear .
what sets this movie apart is the primary actor bart the bear .
this 10 foot tall 1,500 ob kodiak bear was born in captivity and trained for films .
there are numerous terrifying scenes that are not possible without this unique background .
add on top anthony hopkins and alex baldwin and the film is unforgettable .
it 's simply just that a knight exploring a modern city for a while before meeting another knight and have a fight more or less at the end .
it said that i have 4 children but i have no idea what it means .
have you been fantasizing about big thick black cock ?
i 'm into white middle eastern latin and asian girls .
i 'm dominant rough and aggressive so if you 're submissive that 's perfect .
i especially love dominating girls from racist families girls whose families would be so ashamed she 's taking black cock but all she craves is that black meat in her holes .
and if you 're married or have a boyfriend that 's even better .
i love it when a girl craves a black cock so much she will cheat to get one .
do you dress like a little slut when you go out hoping black guys will hit on you ?
but the shifts are a long 10-12 hours constantly on my feet walking around .
i love my job i love the people i work with .
but it 's getting harder to ignore how much i 'm hurting .
my husband is encouraging me to stop as soon as i need to .
i always thought i would push forward basically until my due date .
it 's to switch fights with jinbe and sanji .
the tobi ropo only exist to be a nice named set of match ups for the strawhats .
brook and whos who are both mysterious swords men with big hollow eyes
franky and sasaki are both big strong macho tanks with a penchant for drinking
robin and black maria are both older women with a penchant for toying with people and are both morbid
nami and ulti are both hard headed young women who are loud and bossy
ussop and page one are both shy young men who are both timid or cowardly in nature .
and i think the jinbe whos who connection is a red herring for when brook swaps out with him so he can go ahead and fight stronger opponents the same as most people expect robin to .
i really hope season five gets ginger in the picture .
mr chin should bring her in when he visits mr kim !
it 's shocking how few people understand that development started back in 2008 when sars came around .
and then there was suddenly unprecedented international scientific cooperation/coordination .
most vaccines take a long time because it 's a handful of people leading the research .
think how much money he just threw at this to try and give it legitimacy lol
given the technology they created for the mandalorian they could just use the same studio for everything .
the backup that just ran for over 100 yards against the supposed number 1 deffense ?
hard to imagine any negative reckless effects that would matter .
control would run it cause they never have an empty hand so they 're never hit by the negative reckless effect and aggro would also run it since they 're not sitting at 0 cards all the time .
it was already hard enough to proc core hound or quick shot in the decks i tried to make with it
does n't really make sense either why punish players for having an empty hand when having an empty hand is already punishment enough .
i 'm talking about the increase in the number of deaths each year in the united states of america .
every single year over the last decade there have been more deaths total .
2 of the last four years there were near 2.5 more deaths than the year prior .
i still find that ramsey thing disgusting even if it 's over and done with .
like the only reason you and your friend are able to laugh about the idea of sexy costume of a likely murdered child is because you 're not seeing ramsey as an actual child but an object of pop culture .
and it gets much grosser if you know how there was speculation of pedophiles being involved even if some of the ones obsessed with that poor child were cleared .
i had to google the lyrics of in my head before i tried to disagree lol .
as whole i think the song is fine since it 's about the idea of being in love with your idea of a person and i think that 's true of both of them but there also are lyrics literally about him running away from his problems takes a reference from one of his favorite artists to diss him and talks about how people in her life did n't like him repeatedly and is about how she saw the potential in him and he just did n't live up to it .
tarik singing for hazel on the beach is forever my favorite moment in this franchise
well he got her pregnant on purpose because he wanted a family .
if he cared enough he would n't have failed drug tests and failed rehab .
his dad had tried to help him but you can only change when you are ready .
i like that garfield 's spider-man got a chance to explore that .
i kind of hope that they also bring back emma stone as a version of ghost-spider .
yes but halloween 2021 will be 420 days away from christmas 2022
yeah and that doctor who graduated last in her class already is in the top 5-10 of premeds was smart enough to do well enough in prereqs and the mcat to get in sacrificed time and money to volunteer and then managed to pass med school and two difficult licensing exams .
so even the doctor graduating last in her class should feel good about herself because she kicks ass .
but he does offer a great money laundering service the true family business .
if fields is a bust i certainly do n't see trask or jones being very good but it 's fine if you do n't believe in fields .
he 's not perfect and i 've never said he was but to me he 's lower risk than bortles and gabbert who were reaches in my opinion .
i mean look at the chiefs they were consistently competing prior to mahomes and only a piece ot two away elsewhere from getting to the super bowl maybe .
but they instead took a chance on a qb who was an unknown and i 'd say it worked out great .
there 's never a zero risk move in the nfl and drafting players always comes with the risk that they may not be good regardless of position .
i just hope whatever happens the jags improve and can actually move forward as a franchise but we 'll see
we held our own against one of the top 5 teams threw up in my mouth a little just saying it ...
i 'll throw in a ftp for good measure and it was a nice change of pace .
if bevell wins out i would entertain the idea of him keeping his position .
and here 's to next week and this delicious yet bitter kool-aid i 'll continue to chug !
i 've noticed mine is slowly decreasing i 'm guessing that will lead to weight loss .
also i 'm on lamictal and i swear i might 've lost weight on it so hopefully you have a similar experience .
i went from 135 to 165ish 5'2 '' in about a month my self-esteem has plummeted .
you see everyone can bid on the product and everyone knows these sellers are scalpers .
so what they do is bid enormous stupid amounts that they wo n't pay either way .
so at the end of the road a scalper wo n't lose his product and there is an offer of 50k
that 's fine but you have to admit he is power tripping here .
despite the fact he has the right to give the driver a ticket he was n't going too until the passenger pointed out that the cop should have been wearing a mask .
he should have just apologized or put on a mask give the driver a warning like he said he was going to do and left .
he escalated the situation because he was doing something wrong was questioned on it and used his power to punish a different person .
tarik i do n't like thai girls anymore cuz they break my heart let me broaden my search to all other asians 🙄
mojang needs to push out smaller content updates like these instead of a big update every year .
it 's probably the freeze silva with new promos they do n't always count for the first few days just because of an oversight on eas end
same age as j cole.. everything aint for everybody tho so i get it .
i feel like i understand my buddy a lot better now 🦮
what a great feeling to know you wo n't come up positive for anything on a drug screen !
for some reason i always get super nervous still like oh my god what if i accidentally took a bunch of vicodin and forgot about it ?
i figure it 's good to keep posting on here if for no other reason than to maybe give someone a little bit of hope that they too can someday be just as boring as me i cherish my boring ass life though .
my husband received his positive covid results this morning .
due to a separate family emergency we have n't been the same house for over two weeks .
i 'm falling apart not being there for him but i also know it 's somewhat of a blessing .
i 'll be taking an anxiety pill and passing the f out soon .
i ca n't with the bloggers until he gets through this .
yes but you can pay to expedite it which cuts the wait time a fair bit .
my idea of ranking is like qa for customer care as in normally all game can objectively get a 100 points are just docked if something is missing from the game for the standard of it 's genre .
for exemple the story being boring or not your thing is not gon na get penalty but if you straight up do n't have a second act or you can see segment got cut that needed to stay in you lose point .
your mechanics can be the most standard serviceable ever you do n't lose point unless the controls are unresponsive or the game can just freeze if you do that specific thing .
your music can be license free chtistams song it 's fine as long as the game does n't just go silent because you ca n't be assed looping it back .
to me it 's a good way to grasp the usual idea of most games being in the 7 to 10 bracket .
ken rage 2 is a 5 10 for me because even if i like it the framerate die characters lost moves they had in the previous game for no reason other that they did n't have time to implement them they even removed the ability to jump and there is no animation for the dream mode backstory section .
ride to hell for me would be a 5 of 10 game because it 's not about the gsame being good or bad but about having only half a game
i did n't know a 1030 was even a thing lol
https imgur.com/m62gtd2 it is required to have the source of your meme in the comments failure to do so will warrant your post 's removal within 2 hours .
if your post does not have a image/s taken from an anime/manga/hentai/doujin/artist then ignore this comment .
also ignore this comment if the source contains any loli/shota/gore/beastiality/necrophilia content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hentaimemes if you have any questions or concerns .
pretty sure there was instant regret with the cop who pushed him when he saw what happened .
marge 's chanel suit was an exact copy of the one jackie was wearing when kennedy was assassinated specifically .
although there 's some debate about whether it was an actual chanel suit or a licensed copy of one by karl lagerfeld .
we want know for a while since jackie o. stipulated that the suit was to be sealed away until 100 years after her death or something like that .
i know this is probably useful in crazy i-have-containers-out-the-ass '' situations but i still short circuit for a moment at changes like this .
she also has been casting the mandalorian and i really ca n't wait to see who else she casts .
running on a 3090 with everything maxed locked to 30 at 4k is surreal but even then the bugs that exist and half baked systems can really pull you out at times .
i 'm looking forward to their continued support because honestly if the game does n't improve cdpr will have torched their pro consumer reputation something hard to come by in the gaming space .
it is so easily spread by birds i am always pulling some out of my beds somewhere .
the goat will eat it here but i do n't have enough and when she gets out she prefers my kale .
you 're a lot more humane than i am with stressed out dwarves .
easy way to win your first city is to train an army of sharpshooters !
you can have them shoot every bolt and then charge or you can leave when they shoot all of their bolts and then restart the battle
haaaay.. why do they mix the devil and god in one sentence ?
makes me wonder cnung lord '' ba talaga ang tinatawag nya.. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
btw that last comment is pure shit.. hindi naman duterte admin ang gobyerno forever.. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
i wish the timer continued and the game did n't come to a halt .
it 's progress but there 's still so much more that should 've been fixed .
i 'd give up eating if in exchange i never felt hungry .
last time i played the show bryce harper always ended up on the white sox .
i 'm pretty sure i need a therapist and these posts about therapists being cool are great and all but how do people trust them when they go for the first time ?
like i do n't know what you would even say like haha yeah hello i just met you now let me tell you about how i want to end it all .
idk i know it 's their job but i always found that weird .
there 's no way people sign up for that job expecting that .
is n't it because they did n't have gear ratios so the pedal tracked exactly with the wheel ?
road bikes frequently have up to a 5-to-1 wheel rotation per pedal stroke .
if you only get a single wheel rotation per pedal then make it a big one !
if a man did this i would still call him unhinged .
it 's just not a reaction that is justified by the cause .
this is like that movie where people just started bashing their heads into things to kill themselves .
she has great teeth needs to watch the gummi bears tho
looking at overseas examples they do not end up as vibrant varied communities .
the military will be split 50/50 because two people are claiming to be the legitimate president
can i ask which pr program did you apply for ?
i just do n't see the effort from him .
it would be dangerous to use the standard starship for a lunar landing the thrust of the raptors directly on the ground would be so strong that it could actually kick regolith into lunar orbit and it would be very hazardous to structures .
having landing thrusters closer to the top is much safer .
i mean that element is pretty important if we want a catra equivalent .
feel free to resubmit with the appropriate post flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/studentnurse if you have any questions or concerns .
i would try to rule out the chest first by moving it to a different spot and confirm whether or not it 's the actual source of the sound .
as others have pointed out expansion/plumbing could be the culprit within the walls .
i liked solo and r1 much more than tfa and tros .
they felt so much more lived-in than the sequels .
that this galaxy actually has depth and rot under it .
the undercity of corellia the backwater gambling dens and the spice mines were so cool to see on the big screen .
its what i love about mando it both serves a ton of fanservice and tells its own captivating story .
oh wow the round mirror looks so cool ! !
i also made similar glasses using the film inside an lcd screen
i wish i could rally the dems to act in such a way .
we are n't gon na get anything we want to but it 's dust under the rug already
i 'm pretty sure their fibre optic network is in every building my building is 30-40 years old and has it .
they might be able to give you a good price .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
kings already in midseason form blowing big leads in the third
in the religious background that i come from it 's to glorify god in all that you do to the best of your ability .
if you want that translated into a much broader message for all faiths and non-faiths it 's to make your life the life of your family and the world around you better than you left it every day .
i firmly believe if you wake up in the morning that means god is n't done with you and you have a part to play in this world .
it feels odd getting only around 12 of the event currency this time and for the grani even you got 150 and yet you still get around the same amount of stuff .
can we get a hell yeah for seeing all these downvotes from the pissy 9ers fans ?
change them every season and feel good that you 're not running lean .
i 've been playing the fashion game in this .
finding stuff that looks good as an outfit and upgrading it to be high stats rather than just wearing stuff with high stats that looks abysmal when put together .
i 'm doing my first bullet journal in 2021 and i 'd love some fun additions to it !
well what is the worst thing you would do for that money and how do you give infinite money to someone
i think if douglas wins you see a reverse secession from otl .
meaning the north finally gets fed up and decides to leave .
the difference here is that i fully believe the south would probably let them go peacefully as long as the north agreed to some time of agreement on splitting the national debt between the two knew nations .
however they still may come to blows militarily if there is no agreement on splitting up territories that have not been made states yet so you could have a peaceful split or have a later start to military conflict .
but then what if people manipulate the removing character punishment on character that they actually want to lose ?
i feel like you could just screenshot this comment and post it to r/yesyesyesno
was gon na suggest join the tanks '' but you 're a marine and now i 'm sad
the way the game is today it makes more sense for these hotshot coordinators to stay where they 're at than to take a g5 hc job .
the best coordinators get paid around 2.5 million or so which is more than what they 'll get paid as head coaches at these g5 schools plus if they fail at a g5 job their window to get a power 5 hc job will either be closed or they 'll basically have to start all over again .
do you have any reliable lists of filler episodes for me to avoid ?
i think it means something like this guy said something that offends me !
umm if u do n't mind let me just say there are games which requires little skill and more brain like a very favourite game of mine name hollow knight .
happened to me months ago and after talking to the live chat i reset the game and hatched everything
i was referring specifically to the idea that hormone blockers tip the scale away from the person 's biological gender '' as if estrogen/testosterone is the more correct hormone just since it 's what the body produces .
secondly very very few people get top surgery before they 're an adult and most countries ban it for people under-16 .
you should look at all the hurdles in place for a 16-year old who wants it .
it 's almost certain that they 're trans if they make it through that process .
if you are n't han then you have to pretend to be han or expect to have your social credit lowered .
i have reanalyzed the raw data and called peaks for both using macs2 .
does analyzing them the same way do the job or is there a way to actually call peaks on both in such a way that the counts are normalized between the two i.e .
to have the counts scaled properly such that i can directly compare fold enrichment values
am i like the only player in the world with good ar bloom ?
like i dont get why people complain so much about bloom ?
pretty sure the star wars will start covering the imaginary plane by the time disney is done with them
if you have so many games that you want things in folders hakchi .
it 's the only one that i know that has folder support at the moment .
i use both on two different minis to test things out between the two .
i bought my 2014 1.8t with a manual for a little more than 6k .
granted it was at 119k miles but yours is 4 years old than that .
nero using mana zone and sealing magic to seal the atmosphere in a wide range creating a vacuum and possibly a large scale explosion as the outside air rushes inside .
okay i would n't be opposed to the idea but what makes you think these aliens would be any better ?
or subsequently if dolphins were to become sentient and take over the world who says they 'll be any better ?
worldcat does n't show an english ebook but there does appear to be an arabic one if that helps at all .
i 'm not sure how to actually get it yet though .
just when the government has realized that everything has already been taxed to death they have now found a glorious new undiscovered country of hidden revenue .
i mean why actually spend the tax dollars on road maintenance when you can impose a vehicle lockdown to conserve resources. less road maintenance required taxes remain high as ever only the surplus revenue now goes to higher salaries and retirement benefits to unelected officials and kickbacks to their contractor buddies .
lol am i the only one who watched this fucking game .
hurts had nothing to do with 10 of the points they scored and the other drives they scored on were aided by a bullshit call in the a short pass for a lot of yards/an alshon jeffery push off and a bullshit call in the end zone .
man why would you think rich people do n't love their family members ?
i had not heard of google 's firebase before .
it was just a silly word i picked at random
i mean it was kind of a violation of the plot of 3 because up until that point because throughout the game you 've been telling tim that control is impossible and he 's an idiot for thinking it is and then that gets handwaved away by starchild like oh he could n't do it but you totally can trust me bro ''
i 'm also on t-mobile locked device and i got the december update .
hours of video and witness testimony support my position .
your position is supported only by talking heads and the uninformed .
nobody with even a basic understanding of self defense law believes he will be convicted on any of the charges relating to his use of force .
only the misdemeanor underage possession charges have any chance of success and even there the law actually favors him .
the only reason this is even going to trial is to delay the inevitable riots when he is eventually exonerated .
the hope is that the sociopolitical climate will be calmer and more rational in 12-18 months and fewer people will be killed and less property damage will occur .
but as i 've already said i understand that you 're the only one who gets to invent shit out of thin air so you do your thing .
haha i plan on it but unfortunately i am the only omnivore in the house so i 'll just have eyeroll to eat it all on my own
can mild acute hyponatremia cause brain damage by mild i mean no need for hospitalization ?
or just sneer disapprovingly at the lower and crusties ?
there are many people with non-anime s/o 's everyone likes skmething else !
my waifu is an anime character but also a game character
i do n't really see how it 'd be possible to maintain 4 languages either
i will say this because it is not at all obvious and was very surprising to me at least that once you get a language to a high enough level maintaining 3/4 skills is very very easy .
i 'm talking once a week to once a month exposure such that maintaining four becomes a few hours every sunday .
speaking is the only skill that can get rusty quickly but i personally have found that it bounces back within a few days/weeks of activity. this is one of the reasons why it 's worth it to learn a language to a high level .
never heard of bica what 's the full name ?
sorry i spelt half of this wrong i just literally am crying rn
you 're trying to simultaneously look like your movie sucks and boyinaband though you have the worst qualities of the two .
the police are gon na be all over these guys !
it 's fine i was struggle throughout out my lifetime with belief as well .
but i just disappointed it because he 's one of a few characters who was born atheists at the first place .
it would be more meaningful that he did n't need any higher power or religion to be happier in life .
just so you 're aware we have a bunch of megathreads that may be helpful if you have questions or want to find the right place to post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cyberpunkgame if you have any questions or concerns .
i have been a huge fan of sondre for a so long ... god it must be 14 years since i first heard his music .
it would be so awesome to see him and aurora collaborate .
also they have cures and preventative pills so you never get it now so these people are n't really special anymore .
can you imagine trying to wipe down all the leather from the inevitable constant deluge of poop and spit up ?
i feel like people this dumb need to be taxed and then that money can go to all the damn parents rn who can barely afford diapers and a roof over their head .
ground pound i n i t i a t e d
looks like this is match 5700229474 which started 33 minutes before the clip was recorded .
but she uses the death of recent people to make money which goes to unspecified expenditures .
i absolutely think she was is or was in denial .
however after lying with her own political agenda on the george floyd interview we can tell she is making this up .
it 's not interesting since we know she is toying with people 's lives .
people are effected by these lies and believe them .
why if there was a spiritual plane if existence would she copyright channeling erik '' if not for money reasons when erik is a ghost .
she is a scam a con an awful person and i wish she would of helped her son through his depression not dug up his corpse .
yeah besides was n't the proudboys hastag reserved for proud gay couples ?
it would be confusing to continue to call this terrorist group by the same name .
promise to not be upset no matter what i rate ?
i 'm assuming op means that the landlord must be refusing people trying to knock down the house to build something taller
from my experience there have always been issues with using the default ue4 mannequin sk .
the custom mixamo converter sk has extra leaf bones as compared to the default sk\_mannequin.fbx which allows maximo to animate the head toes and fingertips which already improves the anim in appearance .
once you convert the anim import it to ue4 it is then processed correctly .
here is a gif that shows what happens if you do n't use the converter the method you suggested vs when you do use the converter video 's method .
this is not an appropriate way to get around '' our art policy .
please review our rules in full and note that we do uphold both the spirit and the letter of them .
he 's gon na get mauled by the big dogs i dont want to see that ... kinda like what happened to sage
it 's called a strata and what you are paying is strata fees .
essentially identical to what happens with condos and even most new duplex/triplex/quadplexes
google or youtube can explain it better than waiting for someone on reddit to reply .
this right here is me except from me being czech .
i do not offer cam services and i do not use paypal
i am so excited to now offer a paid onlyfans !
i will be offering 30 off to my new subscribers !
✨i post tons of pics clips and will post current and new custom and pre made videos !
✨my main focus is femdom but will also have plenty of vanilla content .
✨i answer all my dms and will be highly interactive and engaging .
✨and this is the only place you will see me go live !
rp homewrecking cuck humiliation sph cei cbt sissification findom forced worship chastity and mommy domme .
i do not do age play gapping i do not show my asshole i do anal play but i do not spread big toys scat pain and
ultimate piper package 1 day gfe 30 min vid heavy session nude rate rate is for cock balls cumshot and sexting session all my pre-made vids 175.00
basic piper package k4l 50.00 value 6 vids 1 min each and 7 pics which include name use toy use and orgasm sexy outfit rate and pre-made vid 65.00
after work cuddle up 4 hour gfe text mainly with a couple pics and a 10 minute vid pic and text session 50.00
c. 10 minute text and pic session 1 pre-made vid-25.00
✨new releases✨ g-l i do show face in most of this new content all the videos are 15.00 each or 10.00 each if you buy 3-7 videos or all 9 for 75.00
🌟g this day i was able to get a moment after work to play with myself .
this hot guy at work was making me horny all day and i needed a release .
watch me strip down and finger myself then get on the bed and masturbate with my hitachi until i cum hard .
🌟h watch this sexy milf give a sensual joi with a count down !
i am in a sexy outfit and give a thorough sexy joi .
your just going to wish you could strip and fuck me right through the screen !
you know you have always wanted to be with an older woman-well let me be the sweet and loving woman to show you how to cum .
🌟i i 've been having an affair with my husbands friend and this night we decide to have a quickie while my husband is asleep on the couch next to us !
🌟j this worship video is for my foot fetish followers !
watch me cover my feet in lube rub and tease you with them and make you wish i was rubbing them all over that dick !
this ends with a little joi as i make you cover my feet with your big load .
🌟k panty fetish joi take a look at my favorite pair of sexy panties and jerk off with me !
i will sniff and rub them on my face put them on my head and even stuff them in my mouth while i try to instruct !
i end this with a big open mouth in the camera for you to put in that nice big cum shot..
i do love the taste of it on my lips and tongue .
🌟l this is an asmr up close and personal finger masturbation video from the lips down .
i 'm in the straddle position in a sexy black bra and panties but quickly strip out of the bra !
watch me finger myself through my panties and show my pussy ...
i finger myself hard until i cum all over it and taste myself 6:23 15.00
🌟m listen to me dirty talk and play with my perfect wet tight pussy !
i ride it as you get a good look at my tits bouncing and then i ride it as you watch my ass go up and down on it !
🌟n listen and watch as i give you cei/joi encouragement .
i look so sexy in my tank and shorts nighty set and then in my sexy bra .
watch me rub and finger my pussy as i tell you what turns me on and what i like !
🌟o watch me suck my husbands big hard cock nice and slow .
starting at his balls and working my way up to the tip .
then i ride him while talking super dirty as he fucks my tight wet pussy .
watch my natural tits bounce as i go up and down on his dick .
we finish with him busting his big load inside of me !
i would love to see and rate your cock !
i will submit my rating to you in a 5 min video .
i will rate based on size girth color balls veins and overall appearance and tell you what i think of it honest worship or humiliation !
i will also rate on cum shot or body and face at no additional charge !
please make sure you download your rate when its delivered as i do not keep them on my drive .
milf special same as nude rate but includes joi w/orgasm and is 7-8 min 60.00
i show face masterbate and do a lot of dirty talk !
let 's role play your sexy fantasy or you can serve me in a domme session !
tell me what you want so i can make your fantasy come true !
just pm me for pricing as this can vary per request .
custom video requests can take up to 7 days for delivery ask about availability .
a rush deliver can be discussed for a 25.00 fee .
if you want exclusive rights it is a 75.00 fee
✨prices can be adjusted if you want to change the kik session times or frequency .
i can work with you if you have a budget in mind and coordinate a gfe package that will fit your needs .
i will send both nswf and sfw pics and vids .
maybe we can watch a show together or play games !
or i'll take you shopping with me to pick out a sexy outfit !
i am laid back and love to tease and be flirty .
this gfe time can be either a regular chatty one or i also do rp fetish and dom .
also please make sure that you download your rate or custom video because i do not hold on to them .
or you could just use a random clothespin you have in the house .
should people be arrested if they refuse to wear masks ?
should they be disallowed on federally funded public transportation ?
should they be allowed to buy groceries in the market ?
should our politicians be punished when they fail to follow their own guidelines ?
whitmer 's husband at the boat launch maskless selfies with gov .
why have n't they if these rules are so important ?
why does gavin newsome 's winery have exemptions to some guidelines ?
the question people fail to answer is how long should these lock downs last ?
some say it could take over 5 years for covid 19 to pass .
the economy ca n't stand much more unless you are big company .
furthermore there is growing dissatisfaction with the lock downs as the futility and consequences are made more clear .
so if they ca n't last for five years and they wo n't then why the hell do n't we rip that bandaid off now ?
there will always be toxic players in moba games regardless of rank or game mode .
personally i mute people really fast if they show signs of being toxic works wonders .
the game itself in terms of gameplay and balance is super neat and polished out but whether or not you will have fun with it that 's for you to figure out .
a really interesting fact i read about this car is that it was designed to look almost completely yellow when been viewed from the front and almost completely black when viewed from the side .
i will surely miss it i 've always loved the black and yellow colour combination .
he 's far more likely to fumble by turning 180 degrees and trying to launch the ball oob 40 yards downfield but ok .
he had two shit choices and he chose the one that did n't involve him trying to throw when he was facing his own end zone with two defenders about a pace off of him .
i really enjoyed terra nova and i 'm still pissed off there was n't a season 2 to wrap up some questions .
if that were near me someone would have either stolen it or stabbed it .
lesser of the two evils does n't make it not evil .
thinking about sex with others is cheating to a smaller degree yes .
normalizing fantasizing and being willing to go through with threesomes is reflective of a society that has fleeting relationships due to the inability to pair bond from being used to having sex with a multitude of partners starting from a young age and also a society that has absurdly high divorce rates .
rather than my definition being too restrictive i think your definition is too liberal .
we can see whose worldview is better by seeing which cultures have the most failed relationships .
well it 's monday 😔off to work and in my normal horny mood can anybody help so i 'm hard at work 🍆slipwhenhot2
if you have too many ideas in your head you ca n't fall asleep .
ha as soon as i read the yous ... .like ok i know the type we are dealing with know
it 's only a matter of time that someone would turn into a pickle .
the state of rumelia includes territory from three countries bulgaria greece and romania .
since these nations have had many disputes in the past and are ethnically distinct it is necessary to seize upon unifying factors which can tie them together into a functioning state .
the main cultural similarity they share is their orthodox christian faith which was also used in the past by the ottomans as a distinctive factor defining the rum millet '' or roman nation '' within their empire .
the flag of rumelia thus incorporates national colors of all three nations and prominently features the orthodox cross as its main feature as well as the wavy line signifying the bosporus strait which historically separated rumelia from anatolia .
filling a machine with 50kg of highly volatile fluid and making that machine go 60mph to get me to work
i love the art style and came looking for a source in the comments d
i am so tired of seeing only self-pitying man and the ones who always complain and dont do shit .
whereas women want what men want affection and love .
oh and i have n't encountered any thirsty dudes '' ...
level up your c-s cards to 5 stars and combine the same cards .
r cards can be obtained by upgrading s cards .
can you make the amount of hearts that come out equal to the damage you deal ?
just so you know paul george had never and will never win mvp
could play a role off the bench like we saw a bit in the rockets series
yes as long as they are high ranking it will get easier also use armor break shot and strenght form to make it a lot easier also have your team weapons with 10 exp increase for 50 increase each total 200 avarehing a 40,000 to 50,000 exp per player killed this is becouse of in expert mode enemy players are 70 levels ahead of you
ca n't ignore you when you dazzle me with those beauties .
just hopped on steam and saw that it was on sale for 6 .
maybe i 'll see you in a game sometime .
salt lake is made up of present day utah idaho and montana the flag features the rockies and the beehive a symbol of mormonism focused on unity and community .
well i guess someone will eventually make it work like tesla did with electrics
those companies love feedback so give it to em good or bad it 's not being rude it 's helping them with quality control .
i got to 50 in nearly all so it 's nice
consider listening to all tracks of her album 3:36 and compare them to the video .
if ca n't find a pair i 'm not sure what to do .
i received an offer of ansu fati €8m for victor lindelof in my first year in charge at united .
was n't expecting it but i was n't gon na turn it down .
great barrier relief oats so simple water cream and the beet shield are repurchases !
would definitely recommend to anyone with a compromised skin barrier or sensitive skin .
but it might be too oily for someone with oily skin .
would recommend torriden 's dive in serum as an oil free alternative for oily skin anyone that can not use gbr .
torriden 's dive in serum did help with repairing my skin barrier without being oily when my skin was compromised .
it 's quite hydrating and it leaves my skin with a glow .
but it 's definitely quite pricey for the amount of sunscreen you r getting .
i found it to be less hydrating and moisturising and more lightweight than purito 's green level centella sunscreen .
i think this is more cosmetically elegant than it too .
will recommend getting if you are able to afford it searching for a replacement for the purito 's sunscreen .
i quite enjoyed this cream as it is super simple wo n't break me out .
however when my skin barrier was compromised it is definitely not moisturising enough .
plus there 's a lot of other cheaper options out there as this is nothing special .
will recommend only if you have combination or oily skin and is finding a no fuss simple moisturiser .
the reason why i 'm repurchasing is because i really like the concept of this brand and i really want to support it .
please let me know if you would want a review for kalelaluyaha .
i will put out one once i tried it for a while .
ersonally id put super kaioken goku after awakening on that team unitl you get any gotenks unit or maybe a phy/agl/teq vegito
now that i look at it you dont have f2p str vb which is a sin cuz he is super strong even after all this time and will work great with this team
i use ftc team for most har stuff in this game and all of them are either vegito or gogeta cards so trust me no struggle with links here
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
they also said that they traded 16m bells and 120 nmt which is like 8 trips to deliver and are asking for donations because of it .
hello your post has been removed because it breaks rule 4a of r/mildlyinteresting no videos .
note that only original photographs that you have taken yourself are allowed on this subreddit .
as a result this may count as an infraction .
more information can be found on our wiki page https www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/wiki/index wiki_moderation_policy .
please read the sidebar hover over each rule and contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmildlyinteresting with a link to this post if you feel this was wrongfully removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mildlyinteresting if you have any questions or concerns .
so hypnotic watching her little cunt grip that cock .
but then i ca n't stop looking at how shiny that cock is and i want to throat it so bad
clearing out over 2/3 of my inventory furiously making new items right now .
going to be taking all new photos tweaking seo new shop banner icon the whole she-bang !
i really want to focus more on one type of thing i have too much going on right now in there !
sophomore na din ako tapos yung mga kinakausap ko lang sa campus ay yung mga hs batchmates ko .
i have n't found someone who i 've connected with .
kakasali ko lang ng org pero since online setting sya mahirap parin .
it 's a sad show with funny moments and an author that does n't know the appropriate time to use either .
sorry for the dumb question but ive never seen it before
can confirm that based on its post history father does n't know the guys married .
how humiliated he 's gon na be when he finds out his slut trash daughter paraded a married man in front of him and he welcomed him into his home not knowing there 's a wife at home being shit own by his daughter .
they are monsters that have no tie to a real group of people .
fiction does n't have to exist as an analogy to the real world and goblins have been around since the middle ages pre-columbus .
diverse cultures also have humanoid monsters that represent evil everyone from the japanese to old african myths have evil humanoid beings .
this was written by a japanese person and has nothing to do with trump .
stop bringing up trump the japanese do n't care about us politics and the world does n't revolve around it .
swordmaiden is literally one of the most powerful forces of justice in the world .
and dude males are a victim of goblins too it is n't about being male or female it 's about the way they look down on goblins .
the sole purpose of rape in goblin slayer is n't to make women weak it 's to make us hate goblins .
it is the most horrible thing that anyone can experience and the fact that these things that live to inflict upon people exist makes them repulsive .
it 's more than just death it 's worse and that 's what makes goblin slayer work as a character .
you hate these dam things and you understand why he hates them as well .
having said that i believe you 're either a troll or a mentally ill person .
honestly nipples poking are very enticing but sometimes eyes and how sometime smiles is gorgeous .
i see this as the biggest benefit with homekit devices .
if the company tanks and goes under all your devices keep working but if you use cloud based services like alexa or google assistant you 're out luck .
in this case best just to move on and realise it 's homekit only now .
where is your respect for the second greatest achievement in feminist art of all time after lemonade by beyonce
if you still think its just dirty dishes neither should you .
do i have to wait to do the quest until i 'm max level or does a enemy drop it .
i 'm on console so i do n't have the community patch
organizations should be prepared to dedicate more resources to social media marketing in 2021. during the covid-19 pandemic marketers are increasingly making customer retention a priority .
this will continue well into 2021. the pandemic has dramatically increased the amount of time people spend online which includes how they research products brands and organizations .
this consumer shift creates new opportunities for marketers to increase their reach new audiences and re engage with long time customers .
for only a few hundred dollars a month a good social media marketer can develop a content plan make regular posts monitor and drive customer responses and attract new business .
if you have a small business the most important things you can do is ensure your local listings are verified and kept current on various social platforms .
that 's because for b2c businesses that draw customers primarily on a local level the google my business listing provides valuable information about your hours services and geographical location .
it 's one of the key factors in search and business owners are often blown away to learn how many directories there are out there .
ensure you have a geographically defined service area within your local listings as this will help your business show up in near me searches .
that 's because many search engines prioritize relevance in their search algorithms .
by doing so you will more deeply penetrate that market in search results .keeping your listings updated also allows your customers to know of any changes in your hours promotions blogs or other information you would like to quickly convey .
if adjusting stock levels or servicing hours is a challenge then timely communication becomes paramount .
be clear about what you can and ca n't do and set reasonable expectations .
for high volume items consider placing a banner on your site to indicate when key products will be in stock .
if you aren't collecting customer contact information now is the perfect time to create a subscriber list so that you can be proactive with notifying customers of availability changes with an automated text or email .
google ads marketers constantly control and adjust campaigns keywords and bids to get the most of your advertising dollars .enter automated bidding which allows google to automate prior moves to adjust your bid in real time .
our increased alliance on automated bidding tactics means that we can devote our time to optimize other aspects of ppc performance which ultimately delivers a better outcome at a lower cost to our clients .
voice search queries often lead different results than if the user had typed in a text based search .
for seo it is a good idea for businesses to be on their toes with voice search components for their consumers who are adapting and switching over to that medium .
according to experts in voice search content must be specifically optimized for voice .
it needs to be more direct and conversational so that it will accurately sync with search queries .
this will help boost traffic by staying relevant and more visible to consumers .
because it takes less money to keep your existing customers than earn new ones marketing experts always recommend exerting more effort into large stages of the buyers journey .
happy customers tend to tell their friends and provide referrals to help increase revenue .
they are also more likely to give your direct and honest feedback about issues that will only strengthen your brand .
be sure to keep them informed on your organizational changes or processes that would impact your relationship through email marketing or engage with them on social media .
by collecting data and segmenting your customers you have an opportunity to save costs while delivering on your products and services .
you can also target them in a more cost effective fashion allowing you to stretch your marketing dollars even farther .
adding interactive elements to your website or social media is a great way to provide value for visitors get them to engage with your brand and learn more about them .
examples of interactive marketing includes assessments quizzes games polls interactive videos surveys and contests .
contests are a great way to exponentially increase your reach and visibility quickly .
the fastest way to get your brand in front of lots of new prospects cheaply is to have your current customers share a facebook post of a contest .
many of our clients take it a step further and make it a referral contest often promising an attractive reward to the client who helps bring in the most new business .
it 's critical to keep employees connected as motivated employees will communicate better with each other and ensure better client outcomes .
as a manager or business owner it 's your responsibility to make sure your customer facing teams service marketing sales understand that even though you may not be in the office you 're still all working together toward the same common goal .
break down projects into sizable chunks and set clear milestones .
then ensure that you set-up multiple communication channels and be prepared to share successes with the entire team on each channel .
it seems like i can not save pictures on my phone anymore .
it started out last week and just noticed last sunday .
it 's sad because i used to save a lot of funny photos and photos that are actually really helpful .
so it used to be that my 2yo son would nearly run into school and ignore that i was even there .
slowly he has taken longer and longer to leave often running back for another hug endearing at first but it has progressed to the point that you 'd swear it 's the first day of school .
in all other aspects of his life he is still very easy going sweet empathetic sharing independent .
so i 'm unclear as to why this is now a problem .
i have come to find out from some clues other people have mentioned that we were probably supposed to be able to watch bds in free roam outside of missions .
i would love for them to add that feature if it was removed .
we recently got a new 8wk old kitten beanie and have been keeping her away from our 11mth old kitten michael to allow them to get used to each others scents before a proper introduction .
so anyway the introduction was friendly however michael is very strong and was bunny kicking beanie and generally playing aggressively .
i know this is natural behaviour but it has made me concerned about allowing them to play together as i think he could damage her accidentally as she is so small though by no means delicate .
is it safe to allow them to play freely or should i keep them seperate until she grows a bit ?
i 'm in my first year as a cat owner so any advice on this topic or generally on introducing a new kitten would be greatly appreciated .
so i‘m thinking about visiting ireland when corona allows it and was wondering what probably would happen if i got busted with around 5g of weed .
edit i‘m from the eu and not planning on importing anything .
i 'm bringing a new kitten home in just under a month who i got primarily to be a companion to my cat pumpkin when things go back to normal and i am back at work/school .
i adopted pumpkin in september and she was found feral and pregnant .
she nursed her kittens before they were adopted and then i came along !
my question is will pumpkin adopt '' this new kitten as her own ?
do motherly instincts in cats remain even when it 's not their own ?
mac pro 5.1 dos dude catalina has anyone used apple airpods with an old mac pro ?
my bt mouse works fine but i ca n't get my mac to recognize my airpods .
from multiple people i heard that the next big update is an interior for the tower .
i would love this but before i get insanely excited i would appreciate some confirmation from big box .
stitched on 32ct queen anne 's lace jobelan fabric with called-for fibers .
it 's about the size of a drink coaster might see if i can ffo it in an acrylic trivet later down the road ...
you do n't have to be a main but ...
i 'm trying to be the best that i can beᕙ ⇀‸↼‶ ᕗ
i would appreciate any tips to be be a better fighter ʃƪ＾3＾）
eero ran a 50 off for 1 year promo on secure for cybermonday this year .
i called customer service to have this added to my existing secure account and was told it would only take a few days .
a few days later that week i was told it would take a few days more .
now close to 3 weeks later that promo still has not been applied to my account .
did any existing secure user get this promo added ?
quick question has everyone logged onto board game geek and gave our favorite board game a 10/10 rating ?
twilight imperium 4 is currently 5 we should be able to push this up a bit
hi i 'm looking for some advice about game class mechanism .
here is a little story about my last few weeks i 'm new to wow and only paid monthly fee to try it .
i started with an enh shaman and all those procs gameplay was fun and sometimes a little difficult to know which ability to use when everything is flashing then tried shadow priest and it was much easier and stronger maybe a little less fun for me moved to ww monk but not my style i think it was ok now i 'm playing a dk and switching from all spec to test them it feel unkillable sometimes looks great .
i tried rogue but didnt like it that much .
i 'm wondering if the remaining class i didnt tested yet have some different gameplay that would change from those i already tested ?
i ca n't level past 50 for a few more weeks so i do n't know if it can all change with the end game ability you get at level 60 but which class has the most different gameplay ?
is a warrior not too hard for new player because of lack of heal ?
i 'm curius about holding a big weapon and hit like a mad man but not sure if it 's newb friendly
i kind of lost and do n't know which one to try now i 'm sure i 'm not the only one new player with those question any advice would be great
s6e18 milagro scully is intensely sitting next to padgett mulder 's new next door neighbor who happens to be passionately writing a book about her .
just hoping she will let her guard down out of the fiery peculiarity of the moment .
they 're interrupted by gun wielding rightly paranoid mulder 😍😍
i 'm beginning to admire and respect women more and appreciate their beauty .
things that i used to find attractive that were actually degrading to women are starting to disgust me .
a journey created over 14 years what a ride .
i am amazed and in awe at the depth and detail to the trails series .
hell of a job by nihon falcom for bringing this world to life and xseed geofront and nis america for the translation and localization .
i was rendered speechless by the end of the saga .
i was blessed to be able to join the bracers the sss and class vii .
every game i though this is the best entry in the series here was my though process .
starting from trails to the sky fc okay cool game sorta like materia from ff7 patermater was cool bestelle for the win better than your typical jrpg !
trails to the sky sc oh my god my kids are all grown up go out and be happy besttle is at it again go joshua kick his ass !
arseille assault was awesome dafuck is kevin derping around best game ever !
trails to the sky 3rd my god kevin you poor bastard final dungeon was lit ! 4 squads four bosses the rescue from hell made me tear up alot definitely the best game ever !
bestelle and joshua are back ! kea is too cute pom party is sucks still playing poker though lol llyod is fking brick and a chad to boot randy is the man elie best girl gameplay way tighter than sky surely the best game ever !
trails to azure holeeefck that twist my heart my poor heart sss goes to the a beach !
i 'm pretty sure the best game ever liberlian heroes showing up is icing on the cake .
although i have been saying best game ever for a while now
trails of cold steel 1 we are now 3d you guys class vii huh well see o shit !
we have a gundam a fcking gundam ! blade game was cool holy crap that ending that ca n't be it right ?
3d models revamped ui fishing blade and a gundam !
ah shit its llyod ! ! ! ! ! .
emotional roller coaster the entire civil war arc best game ever !
trails of cold steel 3 tsk who the hell are these guys ?
new class vii okay fine these guys are cool too hell yeah old class vii is back ! holy crap we can now use a squad of gundams ?
hoorah ! laura still best girl emma close 2nd sara now a heroine clear 3rd .
vantage masters huh plays cool holy hell that dragon battle 3 squads cant get any better than that way better than 4 4-man teams in 3rd olivert ! ! ! ! !
ah shit since when have there been so many divine knights ?
when the hell is the next one by far the best game ever !
trails of cold steel 4 tsk what up with this long ass intro oh shit its sss and the liberlian bracers !
booyahh ! okay fine juna can be the new center of class vii celine wtf !
rean you fing chad fck yeah the reunion to end all reunions ! ah shit that final dungeon precursor was lit af ! wtf that ending thats it ?
okay ending round 2 you mean i get to fight with 3 8 man teams ?
my heart my poor heart i no longer have any words i 'm in withdrawal from the best game and the best trails game i have ever played vantage masters and even pom-party was awesome .
that epilogue anyone know how i can play hajimari no kiseki ?
to anyone who believes they can play cold steel sen no kiseki directly without sky or zero hate to break it too you but that is only like 40 of the experience the first 50 is the back story of the world and the characters while the remaining 10 is the epic mix of all the casts .
praise god for all those who contributed to this series best series hands down .
to anyone who believes tales of or ff can hold a candle to trails please stop kidding yourself .
i 'm not here to give a moralizing lecture for the most part .
i honestly do n't care what you do in the privacy of your own home as long as it does n't hurt anyone but yourself .
but for me the problem with alcoholic beverages has always been simple they taste terrible .
i 've tried different types of beer and wine and one commonality among them is they all had this really strong '' flavor that was overpowering .
the only flavor i ever genuinely liked was this one called creme de cocoa which of course tastes like chocolate and even that is so strong '' i had to drink it in sips .
it amazes me that people can chug this stuff !
admittedly i 've also never seen the appeal of getting drunk either .
i 've never been drunk myself but i 've had friends and family get drunk and i 've heard people 's accounts of what it 's like and i 'm just wondering why people want to get into a state where they lose control and do things they might regret .
but again not a problem as long as you stay safe and do n't harm others .
as for smoking i 've known people who were into it and i tried it a few times throughout my life but ... well my attempts always ended with me choking and coughing and deciding this just was n't for me .
to be honest i do n't see why you would want to inhale smoke anyway .
does the nicotine change its flavor to make it actually smell good or something ?
it 's always kinda made those anti-drinking anti-smoking psas schools used to show kinda silly to me .
they go on about the health effects but really all they have to say is it tastes really bad '' and that would probably be enough to scare most kids off .
my boyfriend of 5 and a half years broke up with me two weeks ago thursday .
we have an apartment together and he just gave me his key and left .
he did n't even take his clothes and has n't reached out about coming to get them .
he said that he was miserable and has been for a while and is just done with the relationship .
i 'm really struggling with having lost my best friend after so long together
so i recently bought the v-series 70inch 4k smart tv and i 've been noticing sometimes when i 'm watching something that has quiet parts the speakers make a tapping sound when the sound cuts .
it 's just loud enough to be noticeable but not very noticeable .
hi i 'm not sure if this can be posted here but as the title says i was dropped from my bootcamp because i had fallen behind in my curriculum .
not understanding react as quickly as my classmates messed me up because it led me to fall behind in my curriculum .
also having to learn a new library or framework every 2 weeks did n't help either .
i 'm still having a hard time understanding react but i 'm determined to continue working on learning react .
although i have somewhat of a good understanding of javascript i still watch tutorials and practice on free code camp so i can get better .
now that i 'm no longer in the bootcamp what should i do to get hired as a software engineer ?
at what point will i know that i 'm ready to apply for jobs ?
i appreciate those who reply because i 'm lost and a bit down .
and he 's not even the first character to unlock you even get luigi before him .
i do n't think i 've heard of any other mario games where you have to unlock mario himself .
i do n't think youtube for kids is as bad as people made it out to be it 's just kinda annoying has youtube ever brought back a feature or are youtube changes absolute
i swear everytime i try to play a good character ot does n't stay that way today i started a new campaign and i accidentally killed way more people than the tanked out murder hobo minotaur .
our campaign takes us through time and we started on a pirate ship .
i set 1 ship on fire without much prompting other than the pirates that saved us told me to but then i was like what if the pirates are the bad guys so i set the pirage ship on fire .
then i escaped on a rowboat with my party and sent a witchbolt through the water killing everyone at sea .
then we went to the fictional equivalent of china and someone approached us and i accidentally killed an old lady who just happened to be the empress .
then in attempt to kill the emperor to make sure he did n't find out i killed his wife i used disguise self to turn into his granddaughter and i sat on his lap and sent a witch bolt through his brain while holding it on both sides apparently it was really strong and instead of killing him he went into cardiac arrest .
then in order to prevent being discovered by the guards i disguised myself as the empress and told the guards that a specific gaurd was after the heads if the entire family .
then when we left i burned down the palace .
scared 2 children i killed the empress in front of her grandchildren on accident
i think i should change my allongment although they were all either accidents or for self protection
4 games bundle luc bernard collection https www.microsoft.com/p/4-games-bundle-luc-bernard-collection/9p545r57thgg 5.99|£4.99|€5.99|au 8.98 7.59|deal with gold
assassin 's creed origins https www.microsoft.com/p/assassins-creed-origins/bzgjrjc1fgf3 11.99|£10.99|€13.99|au 19.99 15.99|deal with gold
assassin 's creed syndicate https www.microsoft.com/p/assassins-creed-syndicate/bxvq8m4j9hnm 8.99|£7.49|€8.99|au 14.98 11.99|deal with gold
borderlands 3 season pass https www.microsoft.com/p/borderlands-3-season-pass/bnl36smm5j6n 29.99|£23.99|€29.99|au 45.57 40.19|deal with gold
call of juarez gunslinger https www.microsoft.com/p/call-of-juarez-gunslinger/bt7m0n12gn51 5.24|£3.49|€5.07|au 5.23 5.24|deal with gold
call of juarez bound in blood https www.microsoft.com/p/call-of-juarez-bound-in-blood/c0cdn1s0c9ts 4.99|£4.59|€4.99|au 7.47 4.99|deal with gold
call of juarez the cartel https www.microsoft.com/p/call-of-juarez-the-cartel/bvw63h3j0jm9 7.49|£2.99|€3.74|au 5.11 4.99|deal with gold
civilization vi new frontier pass https www.microsoft.com/p/civilization-vi new-frontier-pass/9nmfh9rr4w3d 31.99|£26.39|€31.99|au 47.96 42.79|deal with gold
fia european truck racing championship https www.microsoft.com/p/truck-racing-championship/brjp066tz2q7 23.99|£15.99|€23.99|au 36.58 31.99|deal with gold
for honor™ standard edition for honor year 3 pass https www.microsoft.com/p/for-honoryear-3-pass/bssgcxq79kkq 8.99|£7.49|€8.99|au 13.48 11.99|deal with gold
lou 's revenge https www.microsoft.com/p/lous-revenge/9nppq2fwzv86 15.99|£13.39|€15.99|au 23.96 20.79|deal with gold
monster boy and the cursed kingdom https www.microsoft.com/p/monster-boy-and-the-cursed-kingdom/c4pcn1ck76mr 13.99|£12.24|€13.99|au 20.65 17.49|spotlight
outbreak lydia 's nightmare https www.microsoft.com/p/outbreak-lydias-nightmare/9ndpmgl0bvx0 9.99|£8.37|€9.99|au 14.97 12.99|deal with gold
peaky blinders mastermind https www.microsoft.com/p/peaky-blinders-mastermind/9n3jd9j577gq 12.49|£9.99|€12.49|au 18.72 15.99|deal with gold
south park the fractured but whole https www.microsoft.com/p/south-park-the-fractured-but-whole gold-edition/bxrghtqfk7xq 23.99|£20.99|€23.99|au 34.33 32.09|deal with gold
steep x games gold edition https www.microsoft.com/p/steep-x-games-gold-edition/bxzg8rw2zmnc 12.49|£11.99|€15.99|au 27.98 16.62|deal with gold
the aquatic adventure of the last human https www.microsoft.com/p/the-aquatic-adventure-of-the-last-human/bqcf7szm8vrd 3.74|£2.99|€3.74 3.74|deal with gold
tom clancy 's the division™ gold edition https www.microsoft.com/p/tom-clancys-the-division-gold-edition/c4fk95nswl7g 12.49|£9.99|€12.49|au 17.48 17.49|deal with gold
tom clancy 's the division™ season pass https www.microsoft.com/p/tom-clancys-the-division-season-pass/c3szcsvrcxkq 7.99|£6.29|€7.99|au 11.98 10.79|deal with gold
trials fusion the awesome max edition https www.microsoft.com/p/trials-fusion-the-awesome-max-edition/c53vg0g9sdg1 9.99|£6.24|€9.99|au 14.98 9.99|deal with gold
trials® rising digital gold edition https www.microsoft.com/p/trials-rising digital-gold-edition/bplw9kmfdnmr 8.99|£9.99|€11.99|au 17.98 11.99|deal with gold
tt isle of man ride on the edge https www.microsoft.com/p/tt-isle-of-man/c1shgh9p2npr 14.99|£12.52|€14.99|au 22.48 19.19|deal with gold
watch dogs 1 watch dogs 2 gold editions bundle https www.microsoft.com/p/watch-dogs-1 watch-dogs-2-gold-editions-bundle/btnqr63wqv3g 24.99 32.49|deal with gold
watch dogs 1 watch dogs 2 standard editions bundle https www.microsoft.com/p/watch-dogs-1 watch-dogs-2-standard-editions-bundle/bvt6gr25fkcf 14.99 19.99|deal with gold
watch dogs®2 gold edition https www.microsoft.com/p/watch-dogs2 gold-edition/bzfk7wnk7r4m 17.99|£16.99|€21.99|au 31.89 23.39|deal with gold
watch_dogs™ complete edition https www.microsoft.com/p/watchdogs-complete-edition/c2127mdwmztb 9.89|£11.99|€14.99|au 19.93 13.19|deal with gold
welcome to elk https www.microsoft.com/p/welcome-to-elk/9np4zd9b59x9 11.24|£9.36|€11.24|au 16.83 14.24|deal with gold
world war z game of the year edition https www.microsoft.com/p/world-war-z game-of-the-year-edition/9n4bhf879lwq 19.99|£16.69|€19.99|au 29.98 25.59|spotlight
i have labs tomorrow walk-in and i always forget to take my medication in the morning .
do i have to take my medication like always or it does not matter ?
i take my meds at 6am and im planning on arriving 8am to the hospital for labs .
my father has been approved for a ci and we are overwhelmed .
there is so much information we do n't know where to start .
our options are med-el cochlear oticon and advanced bionics .
what was the selling feature that helped you choose your ci ?
what is actually included and what are extra costs ?
do we have to choose the battery and remotes or are they all included ?
i feel like ive been lied to my entire life lol so i can not pay for amazon prime because ive heard that its censored there too and its expensive here so is there a site where i can watch the uncensored and uncut version of the show ?
does anyone have any suggestions for maintaining enjoyment in the sport and getting out the door when they were already feeling burnt out and then pandemic hit ?
i have been struggling to stay motivated and want others who feel this way to know they are n't alone in it .
would love to hear what 's working for others !
i 'm considering becoming a fighter again and trying to make a living doing so .
but i know i risk too much by doing it
for example if eight people wish to become married to the most beautiful woman in the world none of them will get to do that .
anyone who gets their wish canceled will not get to try again .
the alien sets up thousands of wishing stations throughout the world .
each person will be allowed to type their wish into one of the wishing stations .
at the end of the event the unduplicated wishes will come true .
when the wishing day finally arrives ryan ends up in line right in front johnny who is clearly panicking .
johnny is covered in sweat his hair is disheveled and his eyes are red .
johnny says i do n't know what to wish for .
i am afraid that i will pick something obvious that someone else will also wish for and then my wish will not come true.
ryan tells him that he should wish for something extremely specific .
he tells johnny that he is going to wish for 57,643,974,524.58 because he knows that no one else would wish for that exact amount .
johnny calms down and they continue to get closer to the front of the line .
when it is ryan‘s turn he enters his wish and walks away from the wishing station .
ryan asks him what he ended up wishing for .
why the hell does kiwami kiwami 2 and y6 have shit or weird end credit songs.i play western version and these 3 games just have the worst end credits .
kiwami has the american anthem which is odd but fine .
y6 was the worst they played an army theme which ruined the sad ending .
wtf and who the fuck thought to have such shit on kiwami kiwami 2 and y6
it would seem almost impossible without some type of mold to get something like all 32 sides of a radial cut the same size especially for something as small and detailed as a gem .
on new years i was sexually assaulted and it 's been hitting me extremely hard recently .
i 've blocked out a lot of things about that night and i was drunk when it happened so everything about it has been fuzzy .
i did n't know his name i 'd only met him a few times before it had happened and his face was fuzzy for me .
everything came rushing back and now i 'm crying and shaking .
aside from the obvious nude mods imagine changing the melee animations to allow new moves like kicks or karate chops . ''
wish the quick-melee did something with melee weapons equipped .
i need help i have the ps5 and i have the elite pro headset with amp but the ps5 doesnt have a optical cord and neither does my monitor what do i do or what should i buy ?
tonight on therapy gecko i will be taking you deep into the middle of a snowy forest under the guise of a friendly walk .
i will then rob you of all your belongings reveal i have been sleeping with your significant other and leave you to a frozen death .
10pm est on r/distantsocializing and also my twitch channel .
in the meantime stay out of my discord https discord.com/invite/kfc92wa .
so i am a therapist in an inpatient psychiatric unit in a maximum-security prison .
i have developed somewhat of a reputation among the patients in the unit specifically crisis stabilization which is what i do for having clinical and therapeutic community groups that are fire . ''
i really ca n't take a lot of credit as brando sando does the work .
however i have been using a lot of wit 's stories from stormlight such as fleet the dragon and the dog to help my patients cope with mental illness and more specifically mental illness in conjunction with the inherent problems they face as incarcerated men .
i have also used the scene where kaladin is imprisoned after challenging amaram .
i wanted to share this so i could share about my group today .
it was the most amazing thing i have ever witnessed in this setting .
last week we covered the dragon and the dog in group and discussed the many meanings inferred from the dog 's experience .
this week in group there were some new group members that were n't in the group last week and we were talking about reframing our thoughts to be more helpful amongst other coping skills and one patient speaks up and says mrs. bluesailfish its like we were reading last week about the dragon and the dog .
the new group member speaks up and asks about the story and i let the inmate who brought it up tell the story .
meanwhile nine other inmates listened like they were being told a bedtime story interjecting to add their points to the story making corrections where needed .
this group was excited to tell this story and to share .
watching it all unfold and play out was the most fascinating thing .
these are the type of men you would n't want to be alone with-without them being in restraints handcuffs and shackles and they were being sensitive attentive and welcoming to the new group members .
it was very important to them to make sure the new group members understood the moral '' of the story and the many different meanings like expectations of ourselves our goals and just big picture stuff .
i thought they were humoring me all this time in past group sessions and here they are just getting brando sando therapy tm .
i really do n't think they would have learned so much without stormlight archives .
there is something about it that they really connect with and there are still patients that are n't my patients anymore who will mention that my groups are good and the example they give is always a group in which stormlight archives is used .
i have not finished row i am at the beginning of part 5 .
there is a sigilist spell called explosive rune that allows a wizard to place an explosive marker .
do n't go on a spree one relapse is better than five or six relapses
eat food replenish the lost nutrients magnesium zinc e.t.c ...
post your story here a lot of people would be interested and it would be beneficial to them
take a deep shower clean yourself thoroughly and try to relax hot water can help you relax after a relapse
understand that failure is n't the end instead try to be thankful that you did n't end up going on a spree
learn from your failures stop surfing instagram or other sites in search for attractive females it is a common cause for relapsing
get out of your house to a place you feel cozy and peaceful park beach nature ... .
the past is history tomorrow is a mystery forget about today and prepare yourself for nofap to start from tomorrow
learn to motivate yourself push yourself to empower your mind no one can motivate you before you motivate yourself
seek out other stories read stories of other people so that you can benefit and form a realization about the main causes of relapse
so i spent the 10 for reach when it first ported to pc.. was n't sure if i would play it much or not.. now mcc is fully released on pc and i think i want to get into it more since infinity has been put off for another f\*\*king year .
my question is if anyone knows if there is a way to get credit through steam for the 10 i put into reach or do i have to pay the full 40 for mcc ?
not a huge deal but i feel like the fact that i put into every halo ever plus now reach on pc they should give some credit towards getting the rest of mcc ...
伊利诺伊大学厄巴纳-香槟分校被开除了怎么办 ? 【q/薇8592229】伊利诺伊大学厄巴纳-香槟分校学位证|伊利诺伊大学厄巴纳-香槟分校成绩单university of illinois urbana champaign dy y 伊利诺伊大学厄巴纳-香槟分校被开除了怎么办 ? 【q/薇8592229】伊利诺伊大学厄巴纳-香槟分校学位证|伊利诺伊大学厄巴纳-香槟分校成绩单university of illinois urbana champaign dy y 伊利诺伊大学厄巴纳-香槟分校被开除了怎么办 ? 【q/薇8592229】伊利诺伊大学厄巴纳-香槟分校学位证|伊利诺伊大学厄巴纳-香槟分校成绩单university of illinois urbana champaign dy y
when my cat was young she did n't mind strangers and was mostly curious about them .
now she 's 1.5 years old so fully grown i guess and she hates all unknown persons .
she still loves me and my partner and will let us do whatever we want to her she still sleeps with me every night and follows me everywhere and purrs every time she sees me after i 've left for a few hours or when she wakes up .
hisses and gives them the death stare and then goes and hides away until they leave .
it 's just the way she is and i love her the way she is but i wondered if anyone else 's kitty was like this .
i 'm writing a short introduction about my startup for a local cluster and i was wondering if i can use a pilot client name in it even though they had never paid for my product we never had any contract or anything either .
they tested it really liked it wanted it but for free one of the big 4 companies .
however whenever i pitch the product to a potential customer i of course refer to this company as it builds my case and the potential clients are impressed .
however i do n't know if i can do the same in a blog post .
i mean i would n't go into details just mention that i had a pilot client .
is it okay or could this potentially jeopardize us ?
what an incredible 8 year journey it has been so far.. .
just recently caught myself enjoying some quirky j-pop tune me coming from to most evil death-metal lol .
seriously the game has helped me so much discovering different music genres it truly is an never ending journey and i could n't be happier about it .
something like red sky borkmanns remix feat alexis griffith storm by abakus secukupnya by hindia alaska by maggie rogers .
feel free to recommend your favourites from any genre too
stuck in a rut looking to inject some fresh vibes into my life !
when i was nine and my cousin was six we touched each other constantly .
every time we saw each other we 'd do it and i did n't know it was so bad until my mom seen us do something and gave me a talk .
we did it for like 3-6 months and every time i think about it i feel sick to my stomach .
i think he still remembers and i think one day he is gon na crack and fuck me over .
the six year old or the 9 year old ?
okay i only got a couple hours if i 'm in a vc .
how long would it take for it to disconnect me if i turn off my laptop or phone .
i couldnt find this on google someone please help me .
so he and i started dating 2 months ago .
i 'm in the middle of a divorce where my ex kicked me out after i went to a funeral .
it 's a long story but we had n't had sex since we got married like 3 years ago
the new guy knew that i did n't want like a real in-depth relationship but we hit it off really well .
he convinced me after a month of asking to meet his family in a city that is a 2-3 hour drive .
it went well this was last weekend then sunday a week after the trip he said that it was too serious and dumped me via facebook messenger .
i messaged back like within a few seconds of the post and he viewed and ignored me .
i cried for like an hour called out of work and started filling out an application for a job i have been trying to get into because it 's so much closer to my house ...
discord pops and i see he is playing wow ...
i got annoyed and posted on facebook that this is the 6/8 people i have dated to dump me for christmas or my birthday and took myself out of the relationship ... cuz it hurt .
he has covid so he could have talked to me .
his only symptoms supposedly are loss of taste and smell .
i had it a month ago on a two week vacation and only had a runny nose and sneezing .
i saw that he had unfriended me when i was on my mom 's profile and that he had n't changed his status and messaged him if he was dating someone else .
apparently i was being petty and mean to him because it hurt him to break up with me like that .
i honestly tried to be civil but i was super drunk at the point where he finally talked to me .
so it was mostly me being self loathing and drama queen stuff ... .
i was pissy and work overnights so around like 5am one of my east coast friends gave me the idea to text his mom that he should be taught not to break up with girls via text after meeting with his family .
super petty and i feel like a dumbass for it but he still has not talked to me
so i have an old set of headphones he gave me and they are broken .
i bought some raycons for black friday and that was going to be his gift so i asked him if he wanted his headphones back since they are broken or if he wants me to mail or give him his .
i paid 70 for them so i told him to pay me if he wanted them .
and that i have a doctor 's appointment because i might be pregnant .
i 'm hoping it is just stress but i would let him know .
he told me i am a terrible person and basically that he is removing me from all social media and he just wanted to be friends with me .
i do have a screenshot of the breakup and i did post it for like 8 hours to instagram i only have like 4 followers and deleted it .
but that was mostly because i was really drunk and then realized that i was being petty like he said i was .
tldr dumped via text and told i was petty for removing myself from the facebook relationship and posting that i got dumped for christmas .
vt 's case it will demand is depressed because we have a coach that seems to actively fight any kind of fan engagement or even prior players .
fuente has given fans zero reason to have hope under his tenure .
your submission has been removed for violating our community rules https www.reddit.com/r/mandjtv/about/rules
low effort/low quality content content that is iterative '' or content that is commonly overdone are subject to removal at moderator 's discretion .
if you have any questions about the removal please contact our mod team here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmandjtv .
why because i do n't want to die early for something that tastes like burning shit
how got unemployed no more work stress just drank beer instead and stopped cold turkey .
so getting laid off was good for my health at least took away the stress to perform quitting was easy .
and i do n't think it 's really about fitting in as much as it 's showing people what else asians could do .
does it truly matter what the white gaze wants ?
the heat should be placed on them for the exploitation/hoops they are foisting onto us .
representation is a primer to the real thing being able to protect against any form of social or system wide discrimination .
jewish never have to prove they can play sports and usually physique is not a point of contention .
the point here is that white people will soon not be able to speak about anything .
one that we ought to rub salt in their wounds for when they try to re-use as a weapon .
if they wan na do that there will be a system wide attack against them .
this is the point that i want to scream at everyone saying its gon na clog your drain tho. no it 's fucking not .
it 's almost entirely protein laden moisture with a little bit of grease mixed in .
when browning for a bolognase you 'd cook the meat until the moisture is gone then you hear the sizzling and caramelizing of the meat .
yes she 's draining out so much flavor that 's the travesty .
not that it 's going to clog your drains .
it was n't a free roll since we did n't have it back then but when vlad was the best hero in the game i saw a triple pull with pd cupid vlad on a brand new account .
that was the most incredible roll i 've ever seen .
i guess but they barely said anything insulting about him and just did a silly impression of him .
i had a feeling it might of had something to do with the aim assist settings so definitely gon na give that a go .
appreciate your help my dude and keep on grindin !
water good for people but honest does n't try to hide it 's true self with fruity flavors
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo
no one 's mad you 're just not making a good point .
the answer to your question if you really want it is that they ca n't literally smoke with that solution '' since it 's base on a pun .
the joke is that lighter '' has two different meanings and so by making the boat a cigarette lighter '' means that they are making it a device than can light cigarettes .
everyone else understood that this is a joke and not a how-to guide .
that is why you were being downvoted other people were already aware that puns ca n't actually be used to solve problems in real life .
no but this is my anonymous drug account so it 's fine
there are many types of learning for example physical learning social learning logical learning .
machine learning is one of the type of learning .
ups driver walked up 6 flights of stairs to shove a card through my door saying sorry he missed me .
my flat has been empty on one occasion during the week since flipping march ! ! !
he then drove all the way to the local ups hot spot to leave my parcel there !
second time he did n't even bother with the card just went straight to the hot spot and i only found out two days later when i tracked the parcel !
i understand but literally everybody is dead in this case the past civil wars at least had some remnants .
i have heard this notion before but i want to explore the idea more .
why will a landlord leave a space vacant for years instead of renting it out for a lower price immediately ?
i already pay for utilities on top of rent so it 's not like there is a cost associated with renting the space .
create links where the text is jimmy dore and the site is a legitimate link .
if multiple units charge a single unit with a second/subsequent unit wiping it out .
is it first unit attacks consolidates into combat with the subsequent units consolidating 3 '' towards nearest enemy after wiping it out ?
or does that first unit get to 'reform ' as well ?
ear wax is another thing but never underestimate how dirty person 's back of ears can be .
... because you glare at them if they do n't ?
this post has been removed because it appears to only contain a link with little other content .
please repost this as a link post or if it 's self-post friday wait until tomorrow .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
it belongs to the atari jaguar port of doom 1994
see my post here 150 local multiplayer games from 30 different genres to play on playstation 5 https www.reddit.com/r/ps5/comments/kcmkhz/150_local_multiplayer_games_from_30_different ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf
shit like this is one of the biggest recruitment drivers they have .
i think newer games going forward will support it .
hopefully they can add it to older titles in the future .
i like this i 'm a republican and i 've seen some stupid stuff but this i can vibe to .
same reason as taxes because people who have small amounts of money think that people who have more and spend more should be forced to give more away .
when i make a tv purchase i demand quality .
like with the new lg ™️ line of televisions refreshed for the year 2021 .
make sure you pick one up at your local retailer !
ngl the use of the word nanner '' bothers me more than the sex act with said fruit .
only good song you have on there is elenor rigby
i meant dracula 's curse the actual curse he placed on the world after his death in castlevania 3 dracula 's curse
it sounds like the girl or woman that he was buying the game for already had the specific game on her gift list and once he heard what it was about he decided by himself that she needed something for girls . ''
jesus do i really have to dum it down for you
1 gryphon his mixup is an undodgable light that does 14 damage and a unreactable kick that guarantees 28 making it an unreactable 50/50 forcing you to predict the kick will be punished by a gb if wiffed
2 shaulin his mixup is a 500ms kick that confirms 14 that can not be interrupted if done immediately after entering qi stance and an undodgable heavy that deals 28 damage making it an unreactable 50/50
3 black prior has a light into bash that confirms 14 damage and after the starter light he can go into a 28 damage undodgable heavy which again makes this a unreactable 50/50
again let me say this again every single one of these combos are completely unreactable so each punish can happen they are all on par as you 're forced to predict and predicting wrong will get you punished
was it bad enough for you to want to inject yourself with an experimental first-of-its-kind mrna vaccine ?
i do n't even know what to say to that ...
granted they are the same as r/themonkeyspaw and they never gain as much traction
anyone my husband works with who gets transferred to nyc gets a huge pay increase .
it 's a cola so you do n't get to keep it if you come back to headquarters .
it 's probably time for a heart to heart discussion .
if you want a relationship and he does n't then that 's going to eventually cause friction .
your best bet is to head that off and have that talk and decide where you both stand and if you 're both okay leaving things where they are .
my custom order i placed on november 22nd shipped on friday .
ymmv because i did buy one of their less popular models kona small .
if you buy a popular one your wait might be longer because they have a limited number of molds and it takes a while to make each toy .
i have n't paid in neither but i find roll20 really useful for dming as you can manually add as much stuff as you want aswell as making online maps
it will also save you a ton of damage since it knocks everything back .
right omg i was like 😳 we out here studying for the english section
just wait until you learn a certain character 's real name .
my favorite moment of pandemic was saving a little cape warbler who flew into my window at mach 69 .
same thing happened to me i rarely stuttered in high school but since after high school it 's been severe
form and function from f1 lmp1 and other supercars/hypercars usually look great like the amg one and valkyrie .
ive just barely started warming up to the look of the senna but that car was built with performance over aesthetics in mind .
and the veyron is one of the ugliest cars ever made imo .
decided to get a stainless steel blank to wear to get used to it and make sure of the fit .
i ended up really like the look durability and the it 's 15 if i lose it whatever ! ''
i did upgrade to a tungsten carbide ring with one ring to rule them all '' from lotr engraved on it .
you can also customise your charcter looks and perks .
want to be a ninja and ninja diffuse bombs .
want to equip speed perks and stab people or beat them with sticks .
i ca n't even get a haircut or a tattoo in cp77 .
it was tagged as fan content instead of fanart and it did n't register in my brain correctly
i really hope we get something like this as i dunno what it is but panams story arc instantly clicked with me and i enjoyed every moment of it and it was well depressing when it ended and that was practically it in terms of the relationship you built up and ive seen a lot of peeps saying theyd just love the option to just hangout with panam after the quests .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
if you are creating a post please begin your post title with the appropriate header
please delete your post and resubmit with the correct title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/suggestapc if you have any questions or concerns .
got ta love reddit muh narrative is more important than muh facts lol
i hope at least it was quick for the victims.. especially if their own son/brother was the killer .
i 've been playing on the ps5 notice sometimes the game will freeze for like a second then resume like if it 's trying to load or something .
i always love doing this with ice cubes in the sink but feel so guilty leaving the water just running for fun ...
i might have to get more if that 's the case .
do you guys think claire sending eric away is going to throw him into a rut of depression ?
the aftermarket should have a fair few options for you .
i found one but that 's in 16 years of searching
is this one of those if a tree falls in the forest does it make a sound '' questions ? anyway here is the miriam-webster definition .
consisting of containing covered with or soaked with liquid such as water
you can already play gamecube and wii games on the latest phones so it wo n't be long at all imo
yeah have n't found a character i was underwhelmed by and i love you can maybe have them question there morals but not shape them he 'll i got knocked back twice by panem because she 's straight was bummed but hey it makes the character real !
per the sidebar please format your title as a question .
your question must be an actual question including a ' ? '
feel free to resubmit your post with a specific question as the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/careerguidance if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah they looked like they had depth last night huh .
disclaimer keep in mind we do n't require verification !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/18_19 if you have any questions or concerns .
hit 1 plate ohp for 2 reps on my tm test week !
he just hit 3 months ... they adjusted him from shots every two weeks to now every 10 days ... his mood swings terribly every time he is waiting to get his next shot ... he also is just very quick to anger in general though ... . im hoping it does disipate ... because i do n't think he wants to be angry all the time and it is taking a toll on both of our mental health states right now ... . but i suppose this is why they say you need therapists and support systems .
this is a forum to seek advice or education about your own sex life .
i feel like we look back at ancient people and think how silly they think the suns never coming back .
i for one know i would absolutely lose my shit if i saw that without knowing what it is .
keqing main here with all level 20 artifacts with the right stats and black sword .
as a dps carry she is definitely sufficient to handle any content in the game but is also definitely worse than the other 5 dps carries by a significant margin .
if you have her and like her style then do n't be afraid to use her .
but if you want to min/max and have diluc or klee as well then use them instead .
then while you wait you can pick up 1 or 2 orders on another platform .
there are nights i 've made 40 60 an hour doing this because the owya orders are typically double normal offers .
i feel you but not sure if prices will be any lower i think it usually starts going back up during the winter every year .
it was virtually impossible to find quality 99s for a month or so around this time last year now i see 70 ounces and people are saying the quality is on par with normal aas .
we can give it a try if youre a lady !
i would absolutely love to play with those perfect tits .
yeah i think it might be ashe he has a bow right ?
bridge to moved south of current location and old bridge demolished .
latest i heard new bridge is still planed to be two lanes in direction which seems like lost opportunity for the future .
people like to make fun of the absurdity of other people 's boogiemen without really addressing the absurdity of their own .
it 's one thing to make fun of other 's stupidity it 's another to consider your own .
eugenics is about improving the genetic makeup of the species .
many people might be horrible parents without there having to be a biological reason for it .
according to the centers for disease control and prevention and the humane society of the united states there are about 4.7 million dog bites every year in the u.s .
he does n't really recieved 1billion a year as this is from one off sales of some of his shares following his company 's recent public offering .
i recommend touhou 17 because roaring mode makes it easy and i do n't recommend 13 literally no resources and 15 society
gravity is not due to the spin of earth .
in fact every single thing in the universe has its own pull of gravity .
you are attracted to an asteroid millions of lightyears away it is just extremely miniscule .
the thing that determines the strength of gravity is mass .
the sun has the most mass in our solar system hence why the planets orbit around it .
we stay on earth because its mass is large and nearby .
this means that even though the sun has more mass than the earth we wont be pulled towards the sun .
the earths gravitational pull is stronger than the suns given our position on the surface .
so gravity is not due to the earth spinning .
if the earth were to suddenly stop rotating we would all die .
massive earthquakes tsunamis ... the earth would literally be tearing itself apart .
i dont know the specifics on that but look up what would happen if the earth stopped spinning '' im sure youll find more detailed stuff
would also explain how moff gideon knew his name at the end of last season .
if ancient civilizations were able to build all those ancient wonders without alien tech then they had to have a knowledge we are not privvy too even today with our modern tech .
somewhere along the line something happened where information/our brain was locked away and we were hardwired to focus on different aspects of life .
part of me thinks the industrial revolution was a sort of turning point .
joey 's refusal to take loans was ironically the epitome of privilege .
your outrage certainly makes you seem logical but you are n't .
he was more than welcome to attend the service just like everyone else then mingle and build connections with people afterwards .
never once did i assume he was automatically a danger because of his mental illness .
that 's our projection which i hope you deal with privately .
i did acknowledge that it is in appropriate for anybody to be wandering around distracting staff members and wandering through the children 's wing during service hours and that a mental illness will not excuse that .
jesus hung out with criminals and sex workers yes but he took his time of teaching very seriously and did not allow anyone to detract from it .
i think it was quite loving of us to be as patient as we were .
again please show me where i accosted him or was rude to him .
he practically begged him to come in join the service and be a part of everything going on .
afterwards there are so many ministry opportunities and friendships for him to build .
when offered this oppurtunity he chose to wander unsupervised in the children 's area .
the dishwasher stand pipe is fine it 's the preferred to code method in my area .
we are n't allowed to tie dishwashers into disposals .
if it 's backing up when you are dumping large amounts of water down it 's backed up at some point and the water is simply following the path of least resistance .
you know that copper is a metal that has been worked since well before 1ad right ?
yeah i would consider getting a storage upgrade incase you want any other games tho .
other countries have a hands off approach when it comes to internal genocide .
if you 're going to post your insane loan rate in here do n't ghost when someone asks for the lender jfc
just live as a rich man until the 20th century and pray you do n't get enlisted into the world wars .
if you kept ignoring him you would be a bitch '' and you 're a bitch '' for being honest as well .
2-0-3 and 0-2-3 are identical in every way cost and money produced except 0-2-3 is harder to build up to .
it makes only 100 before getting marketplace if you have the right mk however 0-2-3 makes 16 more than 2-0-3 and 0-2-4 makes 56 more than 2-0-4 .
can we please go back to a time when game companies did n't have the luxury of releasing patches online ?
at least we knew that they used to qa test the fuck out of games .
i used to do qa testing for sony about 15 years ago .
there 's no way this game would 've gotten the green light to release in this state .
nowadays some companies just release it as-is and then allow gamers to do the qa testing .
this is the first well second now i guess after i lapsed the first 9 days time i 've ever tried sobriety indefinitely but one day at a time of course .
i 'm at that point right now where i 'm just trying to put the self-laothing and guilt behind me and look forward to the self-love and freedom that 's ahead .
i hope it rubs off on my spouse but ultimately i got ta let him make that decision for himself .
the us has done many many extra judicial murders the hypocrisy is laughable .
they killed a child who was also a us citizen weeks after trump took office .
why are n't there more matching masks being made you 'd think it 'd be a trend by now lol .
have n't watched code geass in particular but just remember that when most anime shows mention chess that is just the english translation and most of the time the original japanese dialogue is actually referring to shogi which while similar to western chess in some ways is a quite different and distinct game .
you know shits trashy when the smoke detector battery goes off
fuck off cooldownbot do you not fucking understand that the fucking world is fucking never going to fucking be a perfect fucking happy place ?
seriously some people fucking use fucking foul language is that really fucking so bad ?
people fucking use it for emphasis or sometimes fucking to be hateful .
it is never fucking going to go away though .
this is fucking just how the fucking world and the fucking internet is .
do n't you fucking realize that fucking people can fucking multitask and fucking focus on multiple fucking things ?
people do n't fucking want to focus on the fucking important shit 100 of the fucking time .
sometimes it 's nice to just fucking sit back and fucking relax .
idk it would be such a bizarre unprecedented trade that i have no idea what the return would be
this is happening to over 100 units of ours in the hospital on all surface pro 7 ... firmware issue that microsoft still havent rectified .
sometimes the profile exists and must be deleted and recreated .
no drivers can be individually installed because of microsoft stupid bundled driver package .
you cant strip out the iris hd intel drivers to install manually .
take motor off turn around reinstall now it only goes in reverse
well i guess it would be a maximum of 2 seconds between each rep .
when you can challenge 12 men on the field but not pass interference .
be a psychic they do a bunch of weird shit .
his advice may be somewhat contested but his whole thing is about helping average people get out of financial instability .
i get not liking the guy but your comment is based on what ?
slaughters are a fun way to level up once you 've completed the story too .
newsom is your basic sleazebag politician from every 80 's movie .
i just used the automated system where it says to refund the game and you have a text box to explain reason .
i found that steam have a support statistics showing the average response time to issues .
lol therapy sometimes does that to ya thanks for the reply !
if lamar went down prime rg3 would go off for 400 rushing yards and 5 tds on us
it 's what you get the headset from judy to do .
it 's an item that you constantly carry and can buy items for ... .but ca n't ever use either outside of the expected story missions where you need to find information
they 've never talked about it as far as i know .
but we 've heard from people who know them irl and austin has one other child that he 's not allowed to see because he used to be a meth addict .
would that not defeat the purpose of just updating overwatch 1 ?
i had a family friend '' after the election and her husband full on go insane and attempt to shame me for not being a republican and not voting for trump using religion and my late hispanic mother .
the audacity of their shittiness made me think about posting it up here .
did you actually read the review or even the title !
this is for the ps4 and original xbox one .
you are playing the game on a new series x !
i 100 agree only gripes are no character customization later on and the goddamn phone bug from the delamain quest
boxers are neurotic because they 're very smart and very emotional .
once they feel safe and have enough outlets they become more peaceful .
i feel like anytime 10'-0 '' ceiling are designed that earns the term luxury .
what is your strongest example of this in play ?
in what most meaningful sense are white women persecuted by religion in the western world ?
sakhir was n't the most exciting race it just had merc drama .
i 'd argue that the pit stop drama was good for the racing as it made russell fight his way back up and show what he can do but the puncture totally ruined his day and did n't really contribute to the race itself .
for the ground try taping power slide to make sharper adjustments as well as holding it when needing to make big adjustments like turning around and in the air try to learn how to air roll
so you saw one great video with that starting in skyrim meme and thought you can create something like that .
but i needed to say that your ridiculously distorted nonsense should never had seen the light of day .
so i am just going to hope you are a kid who is too young to watch narcos and fired up the 15 year old laptop to create this masterpiece .
the bright side here is anything you make after this will be infinitely better .
come back and post after practicing for at least a year .
literally who is even in a relationship for valentines this year ?
no that 's the ritual where he tries to rub the names off
canada 's gun control regime came about in much the same way .
not peasants so to speak but specifically the irish who were viewed largely unjustly as being supportive of the fenian invasion .
i ca n't even take a shower do my taxes or drop my kids off at school in this game .
rdr2 let me take a bath and that 's the absolute pinnacle of open world gaming .
i 've never had a more incredibly moving and profound gaming experience than when i pressed x to say howdy to a random npc in that game .
fuck all the interesting side quests with good writing characters and world building in this piece of shit game that shit does n't matter in an rpg at all .
i just wan na play a half-assed pachinko mini game for 4 hours and then watch my character eat a cgi burrito with his choom .
if they do n't add an update that makes it so i have to manually make my character breathe oxygen i 'm never buying another game from this company again .
after a little time you get much much better and can really haul ass without wrecking .
then you 'll start adding the handbrake in to drift more and more
i have n't had bread in the house for a while
i like it when they wear a dress shirt with the sleeves rolled up..with nice forearms of course
just so you 're aware we have a bunch of megathreads that may be helpful if you have questions or want to find the right place to post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cyberpunkgame if you have any questions or concerns .
while everyone wfh has certainly increased utilization google has the ability to add capacity very quickly .
my acupuncturist says i have way too much dampness .
i 've always been fascinated by the thought of working on one of those lake boats i 'm assuming you 're on a bulk carrier or freighter ?
are you busy while underway or mostly while loading/unloading ?
do multiple crews run the same boat in alternating month long shifts or something ?
me too that was my first attempt at ork speak and the commissar has a scary look on his face
bruh he coached at stanford from 2010-13 where they went a combined 46-8 and consistently fielded one of the best defenses in cfb each year .
they also won the pac-12 twice while he was there and went to 4 consecutive bcs bowls and won 2 of them .
he was arguably more experienced than lea was prior to taking the vandy job .
i know it was a while ago but it was incredible .
he needs to work on the deep passes tho cuz he tends to overthrow it
i think it 's sad that none of them googled it since we now have the full compendium of human knowledge available to us at all times and people should use it but i think it 's totally understandable that a lot of people who have never had more than a high school education would not understand the physical nature of the sun .
i know when i was in high school anything related to nuclear reactions or radiation was only covered in my chemistry and physics courses and those were optional science courses .
i would bet probably 90 of the american population has no idea how the sun works .
ost of the issues yes cdpr in a press release stated big updates in jan and august
seen that before back in the 90 's when i worked at mc d 's for three months
a nanny generally needs notice and dude agreed to watch baby .
that 's interesting i thought most people would think its wierd to have someone talk about you to a friend when you 've only spoken for a few days .
i figured alot of people might think it 's a bit wierd or fast .
when was the last time you cleaned your system ?
i have gotten a few crashes but i 've played hours upon hours at a time
there 's no leaderboard its just however much you want to put in
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required topic tags .
please read the youtubers wiki entry on topic tags https www.reddit.com/r/youtubers/wiki/index wiki_topic_tags for the complete list and their usage .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtubers if you have any questions or concerns .
catch is that it 's only unlimited when using the raktuen lines which my home is not located in a place where i can do that and also the service is apparently not good within buildings so i get no service at all in my office .
other people report slow speeds in proper service areas but i 've never had that problem .
i 'm going to switch to the new docomo plan when my free year runs out .
i think you did the reddit chat thing-y though not pm .
when kaoru walks out honey senpai says you look great !
upper-grads will usually hook you up that 's how i got all my calc books .
that gives a ballpark figure to start from the absolute weight of the arrow will also include the nock weight weight of the fletching glue hot melt etc .
the most precise way is to roughly estimate the weight you 're going for by the method that you described build your arrow weigh the finished product and then divide it by the poundage you 're pulling at your draw length .
grain scales and bow scales are handy investments for archery .
it 's a great lakes cheeto fish and they 're basically genetically identical
i 've already asked her for a year as last march she was doing the same thing .
our sex lives have not improved since march so i ca n't see myself have sex once a week for the rest of my life .
yta maybe the reason they 're so successful and you 're not is because they do n't let their emotions control them ?
i 'll definitely keep this at the top of my list
i found a picture of my great great great grandfather and was blown away
i am taking on reddit one populist simpleton at a time
i love the shit out of that game ! !
how much did your temps improve after doing the front panel mod ?
i 've been thinking about doing this but i ca n't decide if i 'd rather just buy a new case .
it was a thought experiment that was leading to another point .
quite frankly we are both refuting the all or nothing attitude about integrity just from different points of view .
i was so excited about that game too.. me and my wife usually buy two copies which already bugged me but it 's basically the only game i 'll play of theirs so not worth getting a new console for
the perfecy songs for those oit of touch with todays issues ... like the ucp in general
click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=notifier-bot subject=kde1og message=click 20 27send 27 20to 20be 20notified 20if 20op 20marks 20 27 5btomt 5d 20 5bmusic 20video 5d 20cg 20car 20driving 20on 20a 20woman 20made 20of 20sand 20 20electronic 20song 27 20as 20solved 2e 20you 20should 20receive 20a 20confirmation 20pm 20soon 2e 0a 0a 0a 0amake 20sure 20the 20message 20subject 20says 20 27kde1og 27 20before 20sending 2e 0a 0aofficial 20reddit 20app 20users 20might 20need 20to 20type 20something 20in 20the 20message 20body 20before 20the 20send 20button 20is 20enabled 2e if you 'd like to be notified when this post is solved .
make her as assistant of saikou corp and not a rival .
what if the aliens we 've been expecting show up looking like this lmao
you are at the mercy of whomever owns the monopoly where you live .
delete child abusers animal abusers abusers in general and make a frog rule a country .
i did all i got from this was 2 ellies and an ellie
no he 's right that 's misinformation here that faked gear does n't exist .
i know im just saying its way to hidden for the common people to see way to many clicks to actually get to .
you can use this amazon link https www.amazon.com/adapter-fideco-converter-5-25-inch-dvd-rom/dp/b077n2kk27/ref=pd_sbs_147_1/147-3806517-1717652 ? encoding=utf8 pd_rd_i=b077n2kk27 pd_rd_r=175439a2-a458-4ea8-ac4d-2232865909bf pd_rd_w=sbyar pd_rd_wg=blgkn pf_rd_p=ed1e2146-ecfe-435e-b3b5-d79fa072fd58 pf_rd_r=fb34f0whxs4etzewbrkq psc=1 refrid=fb34f0whxs4etzewbrkq and it 'll basically pop up in your computer like it was a external hd/jump drive .
right answer 😘 can you start on the little one first please ?
more of a coffee person but in this case my cup of tea .
you obviously want to have two mounts that can each hold two aux weapons so that you can barrage and build up gunslinger as fast as possible .
out of the box only four mechs can really do this raleigh dusk wing pegasus and the original swallowtail not the ranger variant .
gunslinger is better when there is n't a heavy mount being wasted a heavy weapon will do more damage/stuff than a pair of aux weapons so if you 're doing a gusnlinger build and just ignoring your heavy mount you 're playing suboptimally .
uncle the mimic gun loading heavy weapons anything that gives you an excuse to not spend actions firing your heavy if you have it is very handy to have .
raleigh stands out as really being able to abuse loading aux weapons to deal a bit less than two turn 's worth of damage in a single turn then spend their next turn doing more supporty or indirect dpr stuff .
raleigh also comes with uncle which is a nice way to make use of that heavy mount you 'd otherwise be neglecting .
since raleigh is n't firing every single turn though it will build up ikwmh slower than other frames which tempers its damage potential .
pegasus is about as vanilla a weapons platform as you can get even more vanilla than an everest so it 's kind of a blank canvas though it 's a bit fragile to be using cqb weapons on which is disappointing .
pegasus kind of benefits from d6 weapons since its lone actual trait optionally turns d6 's into 4 's and 3d6 's into 11 's which is a .5 boost over average damage for each so it gets more value generally out of main weapons than aux .
it has a heavy weapon mount which can use the mimic gun whose gimmick is that its range and damage cycles between three randomly-generated values in a predictable xyz rotation .
on turns when the mimic gun can do some real work it 's ok to give up an aux/aux mount attack to fire that bad boy and on turns where it 's trash you can just revert back to your aux/aux shenanigans your heavy mount is n't necessarily wasted by gunslinger .
the dusk wing and non-ranger swallowtail both practically demand gunslinger as neither make particularly good melee mechs and they have aux/aux and flex mounts with no heavies at all .
swallowtail has the excellent oracle lmg-i on its license and will be very tempted to have as many as its sp cap will allow and it starts out with a very healthy 6 so even a 0 systems ll2 swallowtail can just have four right out the gate and still have sp left over for markerlight and personalizations .
dusk wing always hovers when it moves ace 3 tactician 2 or 3 centimane 3 and a lot of light nexuses can be extremely brutal as it 'll always have accuracy on all its attacks all without even any heat buildup !
it 's an extremely mobile build that can put out a lot of damage while avoiding it itself with flicker field and a base eva of 12 which can be boosted all the way up to 20 with investment in agility and a core bonus and every time the dusk wing is missed it gets to move even more with ace 1 .
gunslinger is a very very natural fit for what the dusk wing wants to do .
both the nelson and mourning cloak can barrage aux weapons as well but both have gimmicks focusing on melee attacks and both have main/aux mounts which means either settling for having just three aux weapons firing each barrage or sacrificing some damage to force an aux weapon into a main slot .
you can defintely opt for a duelist/gunslinger/vanguard/combined arms build for these mechs and have all sorts of fun building up a bunch of resources you need to track and getting silly amounts of accuracy .
there is n't a whole lot to do with that accuracy since there are n't any inaccurate main melee or aux ranged weapons but you can probably forgo at least vanguard and still have more accuracy than you really know what to do with .
if inaccurate main melee or aux ranged weapons do start to exist this will become a much more effective build .
you can also take the gms core bonus improved armament to gain an additional flex mount for mechs with less than three mounts which greatly increases your options in frames for a gunslinger build .
the manticore has traits that want it to get close and the catalyst pistol it grants is cqb it 's very much geared towards a vangaurd build .
firing off four aux catalyst pistols is a very fast way to charge up that devastating core power for 6d6 blast 2 energy damage without actually physically hurting yourself and only taking 1 heat each time and probably just putting yourself in the danger zone which you 'd want to be in anyways for nuclear cavalier .
building around your core power is n't ideal outside of more west marches games or other oneshot sessions since you ca n't always use it every fight but you can always opt to replace some of those catalyst pistols with just regular pistols to tone down the heat generation and just use one to proc the core passive for a free bit of 2 ap energy damage to an enemy in range 3 .
enkidu loses its ability to use ranged weapons when it reaches the danger zone and most of why you 'd use that frame is for its danger zone abilities so not worth it .
and it has a heavy mount too much wasted potential .
the atlas has a trait that 's specific to melee attacks but is otherwise perfectly capable of doing a gunslinger build though nothing really special stands out about it .
saladin and goblin are the only mechs in the game with only a lone flex mount and not even an integrated or main/aux to make up for it so big sal often wants to take improved armament anyways so that it can barrage at all on turns where its support abilities are n't needed .
goblins usually have better things to do than barrage but sometimes you 're just attached via your core power to someone that needs to kill a thing now and gunslinger can indeed pile on damage .
and then there 's all the other main/aux frames .
only firing three instead of four aux weapons is n't ideal for gunslinger but it 's fine .
as with the nelson and mourning cloak going for gunslinger/duelist/vanguard/combined arms is probably overkill because of diminishing returns on accuracy and a lack of any inaccurate weapons but that may change with future content and you can of course choose what to omit from that list of talents probably vanguard .
i 'd take it as a pretty wall hanging !
possibly or any differences between strains are entirely clinically insignificant .
stream of consciousness messaging like this from the government is so confusing and costs them credibility .
especially as they are using it in part to justify the headlines of rising redundancies and unemployment which are a direct consequence of the restrictions .
people who think a diaper fetish is about pedophilia are fucking morons .
a diaper is a piece of plastic and cotton like fiber .
it 's a thing just like latex rope etc .
plus children and adults wear diapers in the so-called normal world .
they both suck but not bc they are both rumored to wear diapers .
remember lisa rinna who used to be on melrose place and is now a housewife on the real life housewives of beverly hills ?
anyway she has proudly talked about how she made a huge amount of money doing commercials for depends i.e .
just look online at all of the people who share this fetish with you .
plus have you been on the subreddits for this fetish and it 's cousin dd/lg ?
there are a lot of people who are into this and would love to meet someone like you .
i really think they 'd make you feel better .
look i like the dd/lg thing and i get really embarrassed to admit it .
sharing their interest in the same makes me feel a lot more normal .
please also remember that you ca n't judge a kinky book by it 's cover .
i 've talked to guys i would never in a million years guess were into the stuff they liked .
i 've had a good friend tell me about his kink .
while i do n't share his kink it did n't offend me or make me think less of him .
i 'm just glad he knows what he likes .
but if we were a couple i would help him satisfy his kink as best i could .
may i also please say that you sound young you mentioned wanting a house and kids etc .
which can make it very hard to see the forest from the trees .
while i am not a doctor you sound like you could be depressed which makes everything seem worse .
we are living in a fucking crazy time right now .
please talk to your doctor to rule this out .
please be kind to yourself and enjoy your kink .
ferrothorn mandibuzz galvantula politoed zangoose altaria are all options .
most of them are also very rare though unfortunately .
anyway i 'm currently using xl obama bubble poliwrath gengar with pretty good success in rank 14 .
nta if you 're really only doing this to buy one console for yourself .
i ca n't even count how many times i lost out on concert and festival tickets pre-covid because scalpers set up similar bots to purchase the max tickets available for one transaction only to see those sold-out tickets listed on stubhub at 100 markup just 15 minutes later .
however if i 'd had the time or knowledge to ensure that i could get my one ticket for myself at face value i probably would have done the same .
do last third of tongue of morrowind presentation 1 quizlet set it will make me feel good
work 15 mins on the presentation formalize speech add roma people
! guarantee do these and you will know imperial standard in 12 and wood elven in 24 months !
it 's been just a year since the general election in which alexander boris johnson gained a crushing majority in the house of commons a majority which he has used to skive off while people died to completely screw up those brexit negotiations which he promised he had an oven-ready deal for and most recently to threaten the french with gunboats .
it 's all a very far cry from a global britain that allows scotland to punch above its weight .
when scotland was promised it would be better together it was with the rolls-royce of statecraft .
no-one told us that what we 'd end up being allegedly better together with was a broken shopping trolley stuck in the mud at the bottom of an abandoned canal .
but the shopping trolley is bedecked with some bunting and a daily express headline saying a medium had channelled the ghost of princess diana who said from beyond that a no-deal brexit was what the people 's princess would have wanted .
it was supposed to be the easiest trading deal in all of history .
the prospect of crashing out of the eu without a deal was scoffed at as project fear .
the english exceptionalists who dominate the conservative party and their spineless apologists in the scottish tories insisted the eu needs the uk more than the uk needs the eu and that brussels would soon come round and offer the british everything johnson wanted – along with a cake with a cherry on top and a fulsome apology for not previously recognising that britain was n't special .
because of vera lynn and two world wars and one world cup or something .
we have a british government that is obsessed with grandiose claims of being world-beating when it ca n't even deliver on basic competence .
the only thing the uk is world-beating at is the sticking-it-to-johnny-foreigner rhetoric that gives the brextremist gammons the first erections they 've had in years without the need of viagra .
meanwhile johnson desperately tries to sell no deal as a great victory in one photo op after another in an act which is as convincing as matt hancock 's tears .
johnson has the haunted face of a man whose eyes offer a window into a soul inside which farts and splurts its way around the interior of his skull like a rapidly deflating balloon .
this was supposed to be his falklands moment but he 's only just realised that he 's the captain of the belgrano .
yet according to the conservatives it 's everyone else who is to blame for turning the uk into an abandoned broken shopping trolley not the political party which has been in power in westminster since 2010 which created this brexmess in the first place and which has systematically exclude the devolved administrations the pro-remain parties and everyone except the erg from any input into brexit negotiations .
it 's all the fault of the eu for being spiteful .
it 's all the fault of remainers for not supporting a soft brexit that the tories ensured was never on the table .
it 's all the fault of the snp for undermining the british government by refusing to get behind a brexit that scotland overwhelmingly rejected .
but the job losses which will result from brexit the economic and social devastation the loss of freedom of movement for british citizens the uncertainties and insecurity faced by british citizens in the eu and eu citizens in the uk the trashing of any remaining goodwill towards the uk abroad all these things are the responsibility of the conservatives no-one else .
this is their mess they own it and they are determined to drag scotland down too all for the sake of their ludicrous and delusional british exceptionalism .
but the conservatives are not merely content with trashing scotland 's place in europe .
the tories are also hell-bent on trashing scotland 's place in the uk .
they have already passed their internal market bill which unilaterally undermines the devolution settlement .
following johnson 's remarks that devolution has been a disaster and jacob rees-mogg insisting that the conservatives must undo all the constitutional tinkering of the last labour government – a clear reference to the devolution settlement – we now have michael gove threatening that in the coming year the conservatives will modernise what passes for a british constitution .
that can only mean that the conservatives are going to take further steps to reduce and limit the powers of the scottish parliament and to bring holyrood more tightly under the control of westminster .
they are certainly not proposing to make any constitutional changes which will strengthen scotland 's ability to take a different path from the one dictated by 10 downing street .
the conservatives do n't do collaboration and co-operation as equals .
independence is no longer simply about making scotland a better and fairer country for all its citizens .
it 's now also a campaign to save scotland from political destruction .
it 's now an imperative if we want to ensure that scotland retains a distinct political identity and a distinct political voice and culture .
the union as it was traditionally understood is dead and it 's the tories who killed it .
it 's now a choice between independence or incorporation into a unitary brexit state dominated and defined by a reactionary right-wing english nationalism .
scotland can either choose its own future or we can watch helplessly while johnson rees-mogg and gove choose a future for us a future in which scotland 's needs and interests will count for nothing but will be subordinated to the interests of the conservatives ' cronies the hedge fund managers the disaster capitalists and the rapacious vultures who will pick clean the bones of what is left of the public sector .
arks-visiphone may not be pretty but it has everything you need .
colony management live in mountain and get eaten by bugs .
you look tasty lol 😘💜 would love to reach the base of your dick with my mouth 😋😈
you know about four years ago i was super homophobic transphobic and all the bad stuff .
and now i really think i 'm a better person .
see i just said to myself wow i 'd suck that girls dick .
that 's hot as hell '' and honestly i 'm proud of myself .
to me the 4 hour thing is n't about the effects but about two stages .
i and some others seem to have a two-phase experience with it .
within 15 45 minutes of initially taking it there 's a pleasant stimulant-ish dopaminergic effect with some light disinhibition and relaxation .
after around 4 hours for me this turns into what i can only describe as a very gaba-y '' feeling where i feel sleepy drowsy tired lethargic heavy and slow as if i just took a fair bit of xanax .
sometimes it can be staved off a bit with coffee or other stimulants in which case the initial stimulating feeling can return for a bit but at this point the experience generally changes more to it being a depressant .
when you are pulling away can you feel the fear ?
i 'm just curious if you can sense the fear is it possible to become aware of it and rather than pull away lean into it ?
i also wonder if negative emotions like anger are getting stuck .
ways to do that physical exercise walk run art form crying etc .
i do think it 's very important to learn to identify what it is we are feeling .
turn that feeling into a need ex i am angry .
i am angry because i have a need that is unmet space appreciation etc .
identify what need is not met and verbalize it .
just focus on your breath sit in silence no phone etc .
your mind will wander just bring it back to your breath yoga is good for this .
try a few of these things and see if they help .
and once therapy is viable make it a priority .
i 'll pour one out for you love maybe but keep trying ... after all how hard can it be ?
in fairness he did have an impact straight away fa cup winners and clearly other aspects of development will take time .
sadly the reaction to our poor start to the season has come to typify our club more than anything else .
we have an over reactive fickle fan base with no patience long term vision or realistic expectations .
the only way people get behind a project is if that project works immediately .
i am more than happy to give a season to seeing if arteta can work something out especially under the bizarre global circumstances .
if the same happens at the start of next season then we know it has n't worked .
one season is nothing in the grand scheme of our great club !
after realizing the effects the tumor had on his personality before it was removed and knowing the size it had been there for 7 years before it was discovered
bingo i 'm libright but god i hate higher education so much .
pewdiepie helped arnim zola turn his coniusnes into a computer
if us now slacks its sanctions against iran there is a huge possibility that the advance made to unite israel and middle east will lose their impact .
the islamic leadership would become stable if such changes are undone .
carries bush is so pretty i want to gag and drool all over it
hate to say it but this is actually not bad .
yea but crowds are part of what kills performance on pc .
turning that down takes tons of stress of the cpu and the old consoles have shitty cpus .
so i 'm willing to bet the base consoles are suffering from lack of memory and slow cpus .
looks at the at least 10 um haha good good for you but i need to get my emotions in check .
i like the pacing in this poem it 's slow and methodical like walking through a forest .
the repetition of the opening lines at the end are effective too creating a sense of circularity .
i find that the hard rhyme of pain/rain falls really heavy on the ear especially as the notion of feeling pain in the bones and of having pain dampened by rain are both somewhat cliche .
for example i find i wear the fog '' to be much more interesting it 's less expected and more original and draws attention back to the speaker 's body .
mind i ask which sub you use to supplement them ?
also ca n't go wrong with one of those !
quick tip ibanez model numbers tell you everything you need to know about the features and quality level of the guitar .
the first number indicates the tier '' so a higher number typically means higher quality and price .
the last two numbers indicate which of that series it is so mine would be a mid-range rg and the 21 is to differentiate it from other models .
the letters at the end will tell you any special features on the guitar .
if you see fm '' or qm '' it means flamed maple '' or quilted maple '' on the top finish .
the ex '' for my guitar is just saying it came with an extreme '' feature suited for metal which were the stock pickups in my case designed by emg .
if the guitar is more than six strings you will see that number in there as well usually second .
essentially you 're looking at the first letters for the series and the first number for the price/quality level .
the funny thing is the loser by their metric just gave a heater of a loss to their team using his arm which is one of those things that everyone said he could n't do
attacking him as a person does relate to his evidence though .
he has a history of publishing unsubstantiated and fabricated facts about this very topic so how would that not be relevant ?
20 aralık'tan sonra olmasının sebebi hesabım çalınmış olması ve geri alınca belli bir süreye kadar topluluk pazarını kullanamam .
20 aralık sonrası kullanabilirim ve oraya erişim demek kartlarını satabilirim demek .kazanılan parayı çekiliş için harcayacağım .
of course we know that a wide audience includes less sex violence sometimes etc .
luckily cyberpunk was n't produced by disney or it 'd be even worse .
there was also rumors that yost was dating an executive for the show received bstter treatment .
i understand your point but if you were right the tools required section would just say when you cast an artificer spell you must have artisans tools in hand '' or similar .
it does n't and so you must be wrong .
spells ca n't cast spells and so we can only assume it means a different feature .
in this case the tools required or 'm ' component features .
i had so many ideas about how my character will look but they did n't have enuff shit for that .
cyberpunk theme without cool ass visual cybertronics is boring af .
yeah but samuel is not in love with her .
so yall think it 's safe to plan a regular wedding aka big ass party for next october ?
i was bummed i could n't play rdr2 on pc at launch .
i probably left a comment or two about it .
if rockstar had decided to launch on 5 platforms at once in sure they would have had issues too .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo
😍 even this look and the grool alone makes the whole experience so hot that girls should do this all the time 😘
i read on this sub here that some women 's long coats borrow from men 's .
will the fit be potentially very weird on a short curvy woman 's body ?
iirc men 's clothes are typically made with a broader shoulder .
i 'm wondering if there will be more differences than that .
lo and behold i found a wool coat that has a beautiful dark pattern https www.nordstrom.com/s/maceoo-captainplaid-wool-overcoat/5746473 ? .
however it 's a men 's coat and it 's unclear as to how it will fit ...
it obviously depends on every individual body type but in general what is to be expected ?
what coat shapes are flattering for shorter women with some curves ?
their uncle had a skeleton key that could transform to fit any lock and he wore it around his neck on a magic snake that could only be removed by its owner
edit i just remembered a scene in the book where the brother and sister are visited by their mother who is in a coma in the form of a sparrow
i 'm selling a few handguns which all have less than 1,000 rounds down the pipe .
i 'm having trouble finding pricing guidelines for them .
any ideas on websites or places to get current pricing for any of the following ?
i 'm not going to solicit or entertain selling in this sub i 'm just trying to determine a fair value for these guns .
the 9mm mags will all need to be pinned .
by rebalancing '' i mean buffing them to be a viable alternative against their counterpart from same tier .
for example ammo vest vs weapon harness or massacre vs smash
ideas on how to re-balance those are welcome as well
ok so i got on today with the new update ready to spend my money on another building or something .
then my friend who was on all day before me already bought the sub and i had no idea what he was talking about then he explained it and it sounded pretty cool .
so we went in scoped out the area we found pretty much everything almost and then we looked at the money .
3.8 mil is the amount possible for us and it can go up higher if we found more stashes .
like it took me a bit to get good at the diamond casino and that at best with 3 people payed me 700,000 .
so almost 1 mil for each person with 4 people sounds kinda insane .
i have n't done the heist yet but i 'm looking forward to seeing it and if anyone here knows how hard it is it would be awesome to even get a little info on it .
geese gang is an addition in our server now .
they are another server team and we teamed up .
can somebody please help me with a faction change ?
i dont know where to go or how to do it .
on the battle.net client it just says available in game for purchase ''
i ca n't find a release date through google .
so i 'll admit i am a manufacturing engineering student taking a little break from finals tonight .
in partaking i got quite curious about the manufacturing process that creates the intriguing sudo-random reaction diffusion-esque pattern on applesauce or yogurt lids these https imgur.com/a/ssexhfu .
after a bit of research i found out that it is an embossing pattern commonly known in the industry as random grub or worms or random .
however i 'm at a loss at how they make the embossing die .
is it a special acid etch that reveals a weird grain structure ?
alutech panels is the best acp suppliers in india https www.alutechpanels.com that offer to buy acp panel of top acp brands at the most exciting prices in the market .
acp material is used in enhancing the performance and aesthetics of the modern architectural and construction industry .
it has waterproofing capabilities that 's why the colors of the interior and exterior acp sheets do n't fade by exposing the sunlight .
its acp panel is cost-effective easy installation and low maintenance required .
acp suppliers in india https preview.redd.it/18abarwegi561.jpg ? width=800 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=0b7d88aa25e277199b947de9b16df4e5ff8cd3b0
so i 'm 20 and the guy im talking to is 24 .
we met on bumble and hit it off and immediately started talking on snapchat .
so after about a week and a half we had our first date .
this was my first date and we went on a walk had really good conversation and then drove around a bit and got food .
after he dropped me off home and he kissed me .
this was my first kiss so it felt strange to me of course but he was a good kisser .
after that the next morning he immediately wanted to make plans to hang out again .
so we arranged another date for the next day to see christmas lights .
after we saw the lights we were in his car and we had an intense make out session .
so he dropped me off and then afterwards messaged me saying he really liked me which he said a few times during our dates as well and how he was looking for a long term relationship .
anyways so this is music to my ears because i want the same thing .
but today my friend downloads bumble and while swiping she stumbles across his profile .
so she sends me a pic and i noticed he changed some things on his profile since the first time i saw it and we matched .
also after our first date when i checked the app to see our conversation it said the user is not available or something so i figured he deleted it ?
anyways i 'm going to ask him about it the next time i see him .
maybe i 'm being overdramatic but why would he say he wants a long term relationship yet keep the app .
is he just trying to get into my pants ?
the last anime i watched and liked was high school dxd ahhh yes that was an adventure indeed but on a real note i need some kinda like naruto or like some dope ass shit with a dope story line .
now i 've really wanted to have a lucid dream for a while now but i did n't really practice much for one .
i did n't do much besides trying the occasional induction technique .
the big problem though is that i hate keeping a dream journal so i have shit dream recall its just the last thing i want to do first thing in the morning .
i finally got what i wanted but his feels like one of those asshole genies has granted my wish .
all i can remember was the vivid feeling of realizing i 'm dreaming and going lucid .
i ca n't remember a single thing of the cool shit i wanted to do in a lucid dream .
let this be a lesson to make sure you have good dream recall if you want to lucid dream .
i saw a certain video that claimed to be uploaded 11 years ago '' but when i go to it the quality goes to 4k .
there was a version of the same video but not in hd uploaded in 2009 .
did someone tell youtube to purposefully fake the upload date ?
i wanted to make a custom roblox level 6 exploit i have basic game cheating knowledge with c and c and there is n't much information on how to make a roblox exploit api or a dll around so i would really appreciate any help
hi i 'm learning the forge api and was wandering if any of you had interesting skyblock/hypixel mods which would make your life easier !
ok so i 'm looking for the new winter halo in rh i 'm trading adopt me items normal dragon or my nr one not both normal dodo neon cow f shiba aussie egg fossil egg normal shrew normal hedgehog maybe nr red panda maybe choo choo train hoverboard witch 's caravan and if u give me time i could prob get diamond egg !
if i 'm under lmk and tell me what i should add if i 'm over lmk if u want me to change stuff lmk and if u wan na do it comment or dm me !
i will go first dw bc this is my first post technically it 's my 3rd but it 's the abt the same thing trade if u wan na do it .
heres some backstory in high school and college ive always been a relatively known type of person as well as with a small core friend group in each realm .
yet i feel like in both of these times i only was able to make friends through meeting them through my other friends .
i feel like very rarely did i have the attraction to bring people to come and be my friend .
secondly again i have always been known to be a funny and even been told on multiple occasions that i am a pretty good looking guy yet for some reason i was not able to pull many girls and only have had sex once and a few hookups .
why is it that my friends and a few others recognize me as attractive but throughout my college many girls were not able to express to me the same level of interest .
overall im wondering sort of how to become better in terms of attracting new friends and not only that but women as well .
how would a healthy yuji at the current point in the shibuya incident arc fare against the rest of the disaster curses in a 1 on 1 ?
assuming that none of them can use domain expansion as it would be a stomp .
jogo hanami and dagon would fighting to kill obviously .
if darth maul can be cut in half and fall into a literal melting pit search it up not exaggerating i believe its reasonable that mace windu can survive having both his hands chopped off and being electrocuted off a skyscrapper .
hey there could n't find an accountability partner the last time i posted this but if you 'd like to be accountability partners let me know .
personally i 've been addicted to pmo and i realized that my life is so much more without it .
i relapsed yesterday and today i want to get back on the train thought and keep going .
if anyone wants to join and hold each other accountable just send me a message !
almost every video i 'm trying to watch wo n't play because it contains copyrighted music .
everything from normal videos one of the recent yes theory videos for example to music videos upload to official channels of the creators vevo channels for example
really curious about this after watching penny 's fight .
for balancing reasons the pilot would be having every single tactical ability and pilot kit at once and probably every ordanance as well .
it would seem overpowered but i think we can all be sure that the pilot would probably be curbstomped so might as well put up an entertaining fight .
let 's say the pilot gets the drop on cinder .
obviously cinder notices it and avoids the first attack .
say emerald uses illusion on the pilot and the pilot sees a billion cinders .
the pilot could just pull out a smart pistol and whoever the pistol locks onto is the real cinder .
or if cinder is just hovering in mid air the pilot could just holo pilot nova bait and grapple cinder right out of the air .
if we want to actually make the pilot have a chance let 's give our pilot every single boost ability able to be used at any time .
our pilot 's titan can be anyone hell even viper or bt can be the titan .
obviously this post wo n't make sense to almost 90 of the people reading this which is kind of what makes it fun .
predictive dialer in bangalore india itechii one of the leading call centers outsourcing company located in bangalore .
i think clique is a place that we can put our feelings out there safety so there 's something that i wan na put out there and i need your opinions on .
so i 've been a clikkie for like three or four months which was probably the best thing that could ever happen to me and i felt the whole fandom was very welcoming and supportive .
also it really does feel like a home to me more than anywhere else but somedays it 's like the exact opposite .
like there are so many people hating each other here .
the thing is i feel like everyone here know each other and there are others like me who does n't know anyone and has n't even been in on a show once .
it 's just like fitting in here is hard .
like people welcome you but it 's still like there 's something you 're missing out .
as someone who has been here for several years/more than me do you agree or am i judging too soon ?
sorry for bringing up more than one topic but these feelings are just killing me .
these boys and the clique is special to me and i had to tell you ... and for the bad english sorry it 's not my first language .
i 've been on pain killers and steroids and anti nausea meds .
i have been doing my very best to drink water and suck ice chips .
so i did an at home enema fleet brand .
a little bit of the saline came out but no stool .
i 've done miralax laxative tea more water squaring position magnesium .
i now have what i think is a hemroid .
i have abdominal cramping and as of today intense nausea even with my prescription anti nausea meds .
i 'm trying so hard not to vomit because of my throat surgery .
i asked my partner to take me to the er i ca n't drive and he said they wo n't do anything they 'll just turn you away .
i thought this was just a simple surgery but i guess not .
now i have this idea in my head they wo n't help me because they have covid patients and i 'll be an intrusion because i ca n't poop .
weird question i know but did you have to get a catheter for the surgery .
the idea of getting a catheter scares me more than the surgery itself .
i know every hospital is different but i am just curious if anyone had to get it and what it 's like .
i 've been thinking about buying some wireless headphones and the other day had the chance to try a pair at a friend 's house sony do n't know the model .
but i noticed that just as with my bluetooth speaker the sound enhancements like clearaudio do n't work .
are there any wireless headphones that support the audio enhancements or should i stick to the wired ones ?
and if so what model do you recommend to replace the earphones that came with my walkman ier-nw500n ?
final termite inspections are significant for early discovery of termite activity to prevent the chances of large scale harm and expensive fixes .
termite inspections assess the circumstances which make a property vulnerable to wood pests and highlights ways to settle and minimise chances of infestations .
so do n't hesitate to contact our termite inspection in san antonio to get rid of termite issues .
so i dont know why i was surprised when she never let me go .
my ex-gf was on the verge of becoming a superstars but i couldnt handle her clingy aggressive and controlling behavior anymore .
so when i left and didnt hear from her for quite some time until that night ... i was snuggled up when my new gf when i recieved a knock on the door..
tonight you had finally had it ... you were going show me and my gf who i actually belong to.. she can watch you can throw her out whatever but all that matters is i will be back where i belong .
i am 18 and all characters and participant 's will be 18 !
kinks futa lots of cum anal sloppy public handjob feet footjob bj facefuck raceplay humiliation cum inside dp bukkake big sizes huge loads growth forced milking sluts and much more
limits gore vore snuff water works blood torture and things like this .
message me so we can play on k. i. k. spookyrp1
i 'm trying to access my routers admin settings .
i 've followed tp links instructions and each time chrome explorer edge and firefox say the site is blocked .
i ca n't figure out how to access these settings .
it 's not an issue with my router i 'm able to use my laptop to connect to it .
but at this point i 'm determined to figure out this firewall problem .
i 've done everything a quick google search recommends adding it to the safe list disabling all firewalls etc i ca n't get it to work .
i 'm in the tx army ng and i 've been regularly attending drill .
my wife is pregnant and i wanted to sign up for health benefits .
unfortunately milconnect still has me in the system as ad from 6 months ago which is wrong .
i 've been waiting for weeks for my unit to change this so i can sign up but so far nothing has happened and there seems to be a different excuse every week .
it 's been 8 weeks now and each time i 'm told it 'll be fixed next week despite going to my company commander .
i have sent emails over and over but my professor ignores them all the time .
by the way can professor change one 's final grades even the deadline for grading passed ?
anyone else experiencing small but horrible lag spikes after yesterdays little 7gb patch ?
maybe half a second spike in every minute or so in multiplayer .
i wanted to rush lvl 100 before dbxp ends but this is just unplayable..
i am a 19 y/o female who tested positive for covid 6 months ago .
the initial infection was mild but overtime i developed worsening fatigue racing heartbeat and sob especially with exertion .
after three months of feeling awful i finally went to the doctor where blood work showed a very elevated d-dimer .
at the er i had a normal ct and ecg .
the er referred me to a pulmonologist where i had a normal pulmonary function test .
however during the 6 minute walk test my oxygen saturation dropped and i felt very weak .
the doctor said he did n't know why and sent me to a cardiologist .
he admitted he was unsure about the underlying cause of my symptoms and that he had seen many unfortunate cases like mine .
now it 's about 6 months since covid and i still can not even go for a walk without my heart rate skyrocketing and feeling like i might pass out .
i can hardly believe that before covid could run 5 miles with ease .
if anyone out there has any idea of what 's going on or has tips to deal with symptoms i would appreciate it so much .
just got my arctis 7 yesterday and boy im so happy with it .
still feels awkward that you need to press alt tab or go to the software just to see the battery life .
would be nice if they replace the notification in the software with numerical value instead of bars
would be great if there 's a battery notification on the windows task bar for you know 'ease of use '
gioăng cao su tổng hợp nhân tạo loại này có ưu điểm là nhiều màu sắc để lựa chọn do được pha trộn thêm các nguyên liệu khác .
disappointed after doing some research that mac users can not see a 'join code ' on 'internet ' .
i took a look at a few different threads and they suggested altering the code in order to trick the software .
i was still unable to see 'join code ' on 'internet ' .
i know there will be an update dec 17th but nothing that suggests that mac steam users will be able to play with epic games users and pc windows users .
if anyone has any tips or suggestions i would greatly appreciate it as i 'd love to play with my friends .
anyone have insight on a possible fix for mac steam windows steam epic games players playing together or a way i can see 'join code ' on 'internet ' ?
i can not see 'internet unified pc ' likely because i am not on pc lol .
will there be a fix to see that for mac users in the near future ?
looking to trade around msrp values will add cash when necessary
note i 'm looking for the 3080 fe because it 's fits in my sff build
it 's been so long since i 've gone this far but i do n't even know .
every day is a new frontier for me i guess .
i 've journaled nearly every day for the past few years and when i look back at my entries there is so much misery there .
i would write entry after entry about how i need to quit or moderate that i felt like i was n't in control .
when i stop drinking in november i went back and i counted every journal entry that i ever referenced regret of drinking or setting goals to stop drinking .
there were over 100 entries like that since october 2017 .
and now that i 've quit i am going to keep reading those entries .
if i ever think that i can have a few drinks those entries will remind me of why i 'm doing this .
i am doing this for the person who wrote those entries .
that person so desperately wanted to be exactly where i am now and i 'm going to fucking stay here .
am i the only one who 's lost lonely and exhausted ?
yet we throw on a smile everyday just like we put on a wool sweater .
looks great on the outside might even get a few compliments but it 's itchy to tight and smells like it was left in the washing machine too long before it was laid out to dry .
we are craving snuggles on the couch watching some mindless netflix series about houses .
the enjoy your break or what fun plans do you have ? static conversations that lead to nothing and to no one .
just let us wallow in the endless hours of winter darkness under that quilt from pottery barn until everyone else feels the same way we do .
can someone help me understand what my options will be as far as scheduling once i convert to regular city carrier ?
i 'm told i 'll have the option to work an 8 hour day if i want .
we have plenty of people on the otdl list .
it seems like every last one of them complains about extra work getting thrown their way .
or do people get forced to work overtime when they do n't want to ?
just wanted to give a heads up to the mtg players in town .
they are fully stocked with standard product and lots of singles .
its a neat little shop-check it out if you 're in the area .
i 've read the faq 's and i am even more confused than when i started .
my question i have an ea play pro account from origin where i have madden 21 and fifa 21 .
however if i buy a xbox series x can i get the new next gen version games as an upgrade for the xbox since i already bought then in origin for my pc ?
the wife is just over 7 weeks pregnant with our first one thing we 're trying to plan ahead a little bit for is running and training somewhat nothing insane through as much of the pregnancy as she can .
in particular looking for advice and experiences from others who have been in these shoes in terms of things like ... clothes shorts that were comfortable w a bump shirts etc did you just buy a bigger size ?
socks i 've read some like compression socks ? .
we 're aware that we just do n't know what we do n't know ... so any tips or helpful stuff that worked for you would be super awesome .
also she 's dealing with a lot of the normal i think nausea and tiredness and such of the first trimester when did you folks who have run through pregnancy start to feel a bit more normal in terms of energy and such ?
seems like we have that to hopefully look forward to right as her body starts changing more seriously !
any rules of thumb that you used successfully in terms of running some of normal '' mileage ?
i 'm a beginner in embroidery and am trying to find an effective way to make what looks like a winding tree branch or wooden frame .
it 's full shape would be the outline of oregon state .
do any of you have work you are proud of ?
any techniques that you think will look decent even if completed without a ton of finesse ?
i 'm looking for ideas other than the use of a single shade of brown thread in a chain stem or back stitch .
so my ex and i broke up in may of this year .
i went to talk to him to his house and out of anger asked him for all the stuff i gave him back .
i regret it now because i do n't know what to do with the stuff .
my biggest dilemma is a pillow with pictures of us and a soccer shirt .
it hurts because i spent a lot of money on every one of these things and i do n't wan na throw money away like that .
it feels wrong to throw the pillow away because it has pics of us and a soccer shirt because it was so expensive .
but i feel like keeping these things is not healthy for me .
i seem to love the process more than the end result .
for example when i really want something i 'll watch videos about it i 'll learn about it i 'll be so excited to get it when i get it the feeling just dies .
it 's like working up an appetite for pizza and you finally get it and it 's cold .
i feel this emptiness like i 'm missing something in life and i have no clue what it is .
i always want to chase the next best thing and usually for me that is finding ways to make more money i feel like more money will fix everything .
for example i hate birthdays and holidays this time of year my mood is generally on the lower side and i 'm slightly more pessimistic i ca n't say i feel full blown depression because i do n't just this feeling of why is everyone so happy ?
even christmas as rude as this sounds not trying to be people will get me gifts and in my mind it 's just another thing that tomorrow i will no longer care or forget about/have no more excitement towards .
hey guys this is an experimental meditation cultivating in the increasingly popular mental models !
in case you want to check the meditation out click here https youtube.com/watch ? v=omendhhdx5e feature=share
i am sure i will get some hate for this but i am a member of the satanic temple and i 'm looking to meet up with some fellow members or supporters of tst .
i know many feel i worship satan or any of the other satanic panic bs .
one should strive to act with compassion and empathy for all creatures in accordance with reason .
i do know that that part had a sample of creep by radiohead so any suggestions other than creep would be welcome .
please advise me on how best to ingest my caffeine .
hey to start off i 'm a 20 year old male .
i got into a car accident 2 weeks ago and my car was totalled i only had basic coverage .
i have 7 grand saved and found a car i liked .
checked out the car and loved it and offered him 8.5 which he accepted .
so i go to the insurance side now that i 'll need a 3000 loan from my bank just so i got spare cash for anything that happens .
the subaru is at 350 a month on coverage .
given im a 20 year old male and just got out of a car accident i get it .
so i decide to get an idea of what i 'll be paying on for insurance on older cars and have found out that i 'll be paying the 150 to 300 range now due to my accident and i just feel like shit .
i was already sad about losing my pos car and now that i want something with safety features and ill really enjoy i 'm still screwed .
buy a beater with liability and just wait awhile for it to lower ?
is anyone having shooting stars or a meteor shower on their island that i can visit ?
can we get an upvote for pavel being our little pogchamp and not taking all of our heist money
do n't forget to post all of your bugs/suggestions/feedback in the weekly pinned thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/roguecompany if you have any questions or concerns .
my spouse did home hemo 6 days a week for about 3 hours a day not counting set up/removal .
he was on dialysis from 2008-2015 his new used part will be 6 years old next month .
roses are red this has to rhyme when santa gives you sex toys at christmas time
feel like anything above 90 is ok for coop regular probably 2-3 lower ?
well shit now there are three more people in the story i have n't heard of or give a fuck about
i just wish i could have actual discussions about these movies .
talking about star wars is just like politics 90 insults and 10 actual discussion .
please keep the rules https www.reddit.com/r/unsentletters/about/rules of r/unsentletters in mind while participating here .
always remember that rule 0 is do n't be a jerk . ''
report any rule-breaking behavior to the moderators using the report button .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unsentletters if you have any questions or concerns .
they went bold on it i can only imagine the initial chaos as the masses saw it for the first time
why is n't it standing doing absolutely nothing like a normal logo ?
aiieeeeee it 's so sleek it 's coming for my family
it will dry out a mouth that 's already dry .
yeah so they can go up trump 's ass and it gets easier as you go in order
another reason to submit it as pdf is to prevent unsavory recruiters from modifying your resume and adding technologies or skillsets that you never used or have just so they could get their candidate numbers up .
i had co-workers and managers share stories of being asked in interviews about certain technologies that they had no idea about .
only to find out that their resumes were modified .
i see a lot of people signing the praces of cz just never owned one or know anyone with one .
a 22 might be a good place to try a cz out .
judging by one of the official pictures of link ancient arrows seems to be the suggested way to go .
ultimately though as botw emphasizes resourcefulness any way is how the game wants players to fight the bastards .
my dad was n't that bad growing up but he definitely had a problem i can vividly remember going to the store and waiting for half an hour or more for him to blow through whatever money he had on him on scratchers the shitty thing is he 'd usually win the first two if he set it down there and took the 40 instead of pissing it away he 'd probably be doing a lot better right now .
i hope he does n't force his way out by demanding a trade in 2 years
i 'm guessing something snuck in during the substrate pasteurization .
i 'm not saying i 'm sexually attracted to subwoofers buuuuuuuut
yes dhs time and attention belong to his own family .
what he can do with his presumptuous mother is put a series of renovations on index cards .
come her bday mothers day and xmas he presents the cards face down and has her pick one .
he will do that task within a certain time limit .
if you have the means you can include paying for the materials .
this way you can manage her expectations give dh some back up when he says no tear up your carpets ?
alternately you can buy her a gift certificate to task rabbit .
there is no reason for anyone today to still let hiv escalate into aids . ''
a lot of people ca n't afford insurance or medical treatment out of pocket .
hi everyone hope you 're all having a great night !
if expecting a playable game was over hyped then yes i over hyped it 😂 .
if you like spending money on faulty products you should also checkout www.wish.com
yes they do one of the major ones causing elephantiasis along with brugia malayi
this happened to me after the first mission for the voodoo boys .
this dude is so triggered he sent me a pm lol
do not incite or glorify violence/suffering or harassment even as a joke .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/noahgettheboat if you have any questions or concerns .
hmm ... perhaps add a spoiler warning on the title ?
i do n't use reddit mobile so i do n't know if that would work but i 'd think it would
optional a postmortem/retrospective with self-analysis with the goal of incremental improvement .
i just found out the latest news about those commie bastard libs and need to own them again on my sign !
damn james harden looking like mac in that season where he got fat
i almost just got sent to hell for laughing so hard i fucking shat myself into the next life .
you will get stuck soon ... imo if you are not whale then go for 1 leg 1 purple and 2 rare units .
orion has been waiting around for so many years 2014 that you sort of wonder how obsolete the hardware is at this point .
computer software and hardware have many huge advances in the past decade .
every system on board orion is likely out of date and difficult to find new staff to support .
do we seriously just pay orion staff to sit around for years waiting on sls to be finished ?
hey y'all casual fan here anyone know if that was violet on the far left on backup vox ?
lol well that makes me feel slighty less alone same to you !
you did the absolute best thing for yourself and your future .
your ex and his family are racists through and through .
it 's a shame it took so long for their true nature to be exposed but at least it 's less messy bc you are not legally tied to them .
this book inspired my 4 and 7 year-old daughters to type the above .
judging by the waitress 's and manager 's laissez-faire use of masks the guys filming are the least of the customers ' concerns .
at least they 're not handling other people 's food for 8 hour shifts .
prosecutors are obligated under the rules of professional conduct and sometimes criminal law not to speak publicly about grand jury investigations .
we are just not used to honorable public servants because we see so few .
wo n't see any in the next four years i 'll wager ...
i recently bought an xmark crow bar blemished curl bar for 94 shipped and am very happy with it .
there 's a guy selling them on ebay in louisiana who had a ton so i think he 's a distributor or something .
good value and if you wan na upgrade to a rogue or something later then you can sell it off without losing much if anything .
meltzer told in a tweet i ca n't find that what kids want to watch is wrestling it not wrestling aimed at kids .
that 's why aew is doing great in that demo .
your post has been removed due to insufficient demographic information .
we require that you provide at minimum your age approximate height weight gender medications you take smoking status previous and current medical issues duration and location of complaint and a photo if it 's a skin issue .
please include as many additional details about yourself as you can so that the users of r/askdocs can best assist you .
the most common reason for removal is formatting age and gender wrong !
some ways to get the automoderator to accept your post is to include male '' female '' or write the two combined as year letter e.g .
non-binary individuals can use the terms nonbinary afab or amab .
there are also several terms for transgender individuals that automoderator will recognize
please submit a new post https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/submit ? selftext=true text=age 0a 0asex 0a 0aheight 0a 0aweight 0a 0arace 0a 0aduration 20of 20complaint 0a 0alocation 0a 0aany 20existing 20relevant 20medical 20issues 0a 0acurrent 20medications 0a 0ainclude 20a 20photo 20if 20relevant with the required information .
this post has been removed and your edits will not be seen .
if your post was removed in error please post again using the provided link https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/submit ? selftext=true text=age 0a 0asex 0a 0aheight 0a 0aweight 0a 0arace 0a 0aduration 20of 20complaint 0a 0alocation 0a 0aany 20existing 20relevant 20medical 20issues 0a 0acurrent 20medications 0a 0ainclude 20a 20photo 20if 20relevant .
do not message the mods asking for your post to be fixed .
if your question is a discussion question and does not require demographic information please post to our weekly discussion/general questions thread 2nd sticked post on the front page .
for any further questions refer to this recent sticky .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdocs if you have any questions or concerns .
the last thing you see before you snacks get snatched
confirmed this working for i7-9750h 2.6ghz 16gb ram ssd rtx 2070 max-q laptop .
was getting 50-55 fps and even drops to 40fps for a few sec on all high no ultra lighting reflections no film grain chromatic aberration but depth of field and lens flare is on as i like the effect .
and ray-tracing off yea that how bad on dense area and 60fps on non-dense area .
my ram is 16gb and vram 8gb so i set it to 10gb poolcpu and 7gb poolgpu gon na try 11gb and 12gb poolcpu to test and now im getting constant 60-70fps on dense area 80-100fps on non-dense area tested with ray tracing and it drop a few fps but has a fps spike for a split sec .
update tried 12gb poolcpu and 8gb poolgpu got 8-10fps boost
also tested ray tracing reflections and shadows which drop to 50-55fps so that quite normal tried ray-tracing lighting on medium and ultra with reflections and shadow off which is a slight fps drop like about 3-5fps but still above 60fps .
dlss is on performance but also tried on balance which makes not much difference quality is also another few fps drops but overall i can hit constant 60 fps and above and only rare occasion that it drop below 60 fps .
fov on 100 and i tested 80 and it got me back about 5-10fps so that another boost .
driving is smooth unlike before which i feel like i was driving drunk .
will test further with combat and quests to see if it affects will update and see if there any crashes .
is the ak origins suit only in the season pass ?
i 'm gon na call the clerk of court tomorrow and see what they say .
if there was a lawsuit they will have documents at the courthouse .
i do not have any proof because i took this loan out years ago and throw all the receipts away .
i should have scanned them and saved them on a hdd .
hello im with rennes starting my second season and i would like to improve my defense .
who would it be better for something max valuable at 15-20m pounds ?
that riff also plays on the intro theme song of disenchantment '' the cartoon .
it 's funny how it shows up every where the song reminds me of that cartoon now
people like you that have never worked to provide value in the market and never created a business think they know anything from their mom 's basement .
kids would literally have contests to see how high they could bounce those things .
just about the most expensive flower i 've had that absolutely feels worth it .
do you have a source for the non whites effectiveness ?
do n't laugh but i need to start 2 in ppr
miles sanders josh jacobs mike davis cam akers james robinson .
! spoiler if the spoilers are true brendan up and leaves/self-eliminates when he was tayshia 's no1 and clearly is n't over his ex !
but this reads more like a story that would benefit from religion being abolished from modern society .
given that it is quite rare for the virus to slip through the cracks it will be difficult to measure exactly how many lives it will save .
more hiv in potential donors will mean more will be missed .
even if it saves 1 life it will be worth it seeing it does n't cost anybody anything .
now sean maluta going to get his ass beat by high chief roman for embarrassing the family
the ben 360 no scope pass in transition is my least favorite thing in basketball tbh
when i got to part 3 i was so excited thinking if its going like this then part 7-8 must have been in the future but was kinda sad knowing its not .
can i ask what field you want to do the degrees in ?
the reason i 'm asking is because phds and sometimes masters in the sciences often have funding/scholarships/bursaries that you can apply for .
i was lucky to find a funded masters and got phd funding too although i dropped out after a year .
i would n't have been able to afford it otherwise .
as regards the undergraduate as others have said it may not be necessary to do your masters although it might be of you 're changing completely e.g .
history to mathematics they 're going to want a maths undergrad or equivalent experience .
work while getting a degree at the same time .
the open university is flexible and quite a bit cheaper than a traditional university
countries like norway have free tuition even for international students but the high cost of living might offset the savings on tuition
could easily be a uti due to the fatigue and other aches it point to some type of infection i 'd definitely get checked
a single partical of viral material could be infectious .
your post has been added to the queue for manual review and approval .
meanwhile please have a look at the ffaq https www.reddit.com/r/femalefashionadvice/wiki/faq to ensure your post meets our submission guidelines .
you can also search the subreddit https www.reddit.com/r/femalefashionadvice/search ? q=enter+your+search+terms+here restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all for topics similar to your question browse our library of guides https www.reddit.com/r/femalefashionadvice/search ? q=flair 3aguide restrict_sr=on or post your query in the daily questions https www.reddit.com/r/femalefashionadvice/search ? q=simple+daily+questions restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all thread .
if your post is not approved despite meeting the submission guidelines it is likely that it 's better suited for an existing thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/femalefashionadvice if you have any questions or concerns .
friendly reminder that this is r/photocritique and all top level comments must at least attempt to critique the image .
top level comments that do not include a critique will be removed .
top level comments under 60 characters will be removed automatically as we do not believe a proper critique can be made in such a short comment .
we apologize for any inconvenience this causes and thank you for your understanding .
we require our posters to leave a followup with more information .
questions or non critique comments should be left as a response to that followup .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photocritique if you have any questions or concerns .
there are no laws anywhere that specifically make it illegal .
and in a lot of states you do n't even need to be a vet to be able to euthanize an animal you just need some training so mom could have just called someone up on the phone and had them come to her house and do it .
whether he did or not the op chose a mediocre quote .
around the 25k mark sold both my tw and black for 32k
i bought mine off amazon.de https amazon.de this monday and i 'm getting it either today or tomorrow .
i literally have no idea what your talking about but i am getting the vibe your trying to be a dick lol .
i use empty tic tac boxes and keep them below the feet to give clearance .
try lowering the fog/shadow effects more they are real resource hogs .
also do a search for editing config files the game will underutilize your hardware otherwise .
idk why you 're being downvoted i share the same sentiment .
i did n't play him or against him yet so idk how he is now but i 'm content he got one
most well stocked grocery stores sell it however its not locally made and as such the prices are usually in the range youve spotted .
i know for sure that ica city and torgkassen stock it .
please ensure you have read the beginners guide https www.reddit.com/r/dhgate/comments/foovj3/dhgate_beginners_guide_and_faq_read_before_you trusted sellers list https www.reddit.com/r/dhgate/comments/jgo4lh/updated_trusted_sellers_list and subreddit rules before posting .
additionally please try the following steps if you have not done so already
if you have not already tried these steps kindly delete your post and continue searching on your own .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dhgate if you have any questions or concerns .
i have a 6 month old and i 'm really amazed at how i 've changed .
i am definitely not the person i was this time last year .
i am so obsessed with learning and doing better .
yes parenting is tough but i love the person i 'm becoming and how happy i feel when i see my lo .
i just ca n't imagine not giving her the best life .
but overall i love what motherhood has turn3d me into .
still you dont hear segue in every episode you watch and should have and should of is grammar which you can easily mix up with your primary language grammar .
thats the thing you have to search on social media to find discussion about the show and yet people misspell the name .
its a minor inconvenience that doesnt really matter i felt like pointing it out since you see weston '' way more than westen it seems like .
1 most underrated shonen manga/anime compared to all the other ones out there .
plus one of the oldest ongoing manga series too !
but this is not my appartement i 'm renting it .
and i do n't think that the landlord would be ok with this kind of project .
sub number 698 and upvote number i believe is 4 .
also here is the link you can drop the subs at .
i would 've put separate consoles but i did n't have enough options
origins is one of my favorite ac games of all time .
this coming year i look forward to burning every single freaking mask i own .
also the guy being 115 lbs and wanting to get lean smh .
please help us decide if this post is a good fit for the subreddit by up or downvoting this comment .
if you think that this is great advice to improve your life please upvote .
if you think this does n't help you in any way please downvote .
if you do n't care leave it for the others to decide .
they went to dunkin donuts afterward too just laughing and chatting away like they had n't just done something horrific .
looking at these stories makes me feel glad that the worst thing to happen in my school was herpes .
if you 've discussed with your partner that having one night stands is ok then it 's fine but if you 've done it behind their back or discussed it and your partner is n't ok with it then it 's betrayal .
it 's where the hair ends where it looks weird .
im one of those that were hyped from its start
there 's a bragging sub and an iv sub that would appreciate this .
not sure what it 's doing on a raid sub
if any card deserved to be banned it is nissa and not uro .
nissa is almost impossible to interact with the turn she comes down 1 to 6 loyalties create a 3/3 blocker .
you do n't have a way to cheaply interact with her unless you have a big drown in the loch or playing elderspell in mono black .
if she lives until the next turn then chances are you would be staring down ugin or ulamog or a monstrous size hydroid krasis .
nissa is basically an enabler and a win-con at the same time .
uro meanwhile folded hard to scavenging ooze and grafdigger 's cage .
even if uro manages to escape it falls prey to a plethora of removal fatal push eliminate ...
you ban uro and the mid-range deck would simply replace it with beanstalk giant to advance their game plan of nissa ugin/ulamog .
you ban nissa and the mid-range deck would need to lower their curve by a lot to compensate for the loss of nissan 's ramp ability .
it 's not so much a bad concession i just do n't have anyone to teww so why not stwangews on the intewnet ? ?
evew since i moved out to cowwege i was pwetty sad and wonewy .
not untiw i saw a giww on twittew advewtise hew onwyfans .
i weguwawwy spend 30 bucks ow mowe pew giww a month .
i wove getting a pewsonawized message fwom a giww it quite witewawwy makes me feew woved .
i 'm not too suwe though because spending this much onwy weaves me with 100 fow food student woans and bwm donations ow powiticaw campaigns .
but if anyone knows of a good of giww ow subweddit pwease wink ! !
be lucky if you have other mail if not you have to hope you get more mail in the next few days or it 'll go to the lost letter centre or to hell i 'm not sure .
around here all birthday card and christmas cards end up opened and emptied before you get it through the door
just remember to use it safely and to not use it too much
i just feel defeated like i have to let go of the idea of buying a house if i want to pursue my education .
you ca n't just spend another 10 years in education not earning any money somebody has to pay for that .
spartans are faster in speed they have better reaction feats and are more durable .
a spartan in gen 2 is comparable one in gen 3 blows sms out of the water .
yes however space marines are far more likely to make mistakes based off of their own arrogance .
which is physical strength in the 10 20 ton range thats at the high range .
that 's low compared to the gen 3 feats we have for spartans .
unpopular opinion i loved bane ducard just as much as the joker
hermione 's the most important female character you also tend to see her shipped with almost everyone from ron and harry to malfoy and nott .
i think the only reason for it is we know their characters best they 're popular leads rather than because the pairings they 're put in are necessarily good pairings .
so if ron was the point of view for the books instead of harry then yeah i 'd expect him to be more frequently shipped with other characters .
instead he 's rarely shipped or at least i 've rarely seen him shipped with anyone other than hermione who 's of course his canon pairing anyway or with luna who many believe there are hints of her liking him in ootp .
yeah i 'm an atheist but i 'll be praying tonight for this shit to happen .
most important tips is upgrading you 're character and weapons the game will teach you weapons but the most useful tip i have is to lower you 're equipment weight for better mobility very important there is a stat that allows you to keep mobility with heavy stuff on you
you can upgrade a weapon strength only with certain stats that fits the weapon like a big stick requires strength in the weapon stat there will be letters next to stats to show you how much a certain stat affects the weapon
humanity allows you to go human at bonfires and gives you access to stuff
read item descriptions talk to npc 's kill everything and exploooore a lot
never seen this but now i 've got to try it .
no its a running joke how wr7 have almost no increase in bosses drop
2. sure though i would not upgrade your level to 90 due to 80 90 is 2 character from lvl 1 to a4
3. definitely 4 set its tailor made for him if you run him as main dps for burst support i would do 2noblesse/hydro
i 've learnt to become happy with my own company and not chase people anymore as it ends up feeling forced or one sided much of the time and the cycle of disappointment and hurt continues when you do n't get the same interest back in return .
i always blamed my looks or my weight looking at my skinnier friends growing up they always had a best friend .
but now i 'm less concerned with having people around me and more concerned with being happy in my own space .
i 'm 35 and probably only learnt this in the last few years .
i also am an empath so totally understand how this makes you feel when you do n't get friendship reciprocated .
it 's like john connor sending his own dad back in time to save his mom .
it 's better to not think too hard about it .
the only thing we 've never had a problem with was sleeping he sleeps through the night in the kitchen .
i think if we threw that into the mix i definitely would of given up .
my lab puppy also has his days where he 's decides to be the biggest dick of all time but i 've learnt when he 's tired and struggling to settle himself that i need to sit with him and give him eat and chest rubs .
from the very first week until about 5 months old i cried at-least three times a week he was just too much .
we 've spent a ridiculous amount of money on beds and toys yet he does n't have anything because he destroys everything !
but he is without a doubt the best decision we made as a couple .
i found myself wishing away his puppyhood because it was too much i ca n't wait for when he 's about 18 months old i heard they get a lot better .
lazr went to 45 before a short report by citron and qs went to 85 and now sitting at 57
1 through 6 should 've been kept as is .
this is not a redditor this is a crook thief criminal whose sole purpose for being on reddit is to scam you .
click here for an automod rule to help with these type spammers https np.reddit.com/r/antidropshipspambot/comments/gijn9f
yeah large swaths of months are a write-off for me as well .
remember tesla designed their charging setup in 2010 and released it publicly in 2012 before ccs was an acknowledged standard .
to change connectors now orphans a lot of tesla products .
tesla is on the ccs committee and helped develop ccs .
the purpose of quotas is for them to be pointless one day .
if people are n't equally represented it 's hard for them to have a voice and the opportunities so that one day they can get their purely on their own merit .
if we consider university maybe a student gets in their because of a quota it does n't mean they 're going to graduate .
they 'll still have to put in the same work as everyone else .
now that they have been given this opportunity they have career options that they otherwise would n't and their children are in a position where they might not need a quota to get in the same position as their parents .
that could be true but i 'm going to give you an example as recent as 2011 ish dc came underfire for having something like 10 women on staff that could make sense women are n't traditionally thought of as fans of comicbooks but marvel managed to have something like 40 .
another thing to think about is that sometimes people do n't see themselves as having a place in a field because you do n't see people like you succeed in that field .
unless there 's something specifically gendered about a profession there 's no reason to think that the profession is male oriented for any reason other than gender bias .
it and programming used to be thought of as a womanly career path nowadays it 's mostly male dominated .
if we ever get to a point where we do n't see societal pressures affect career opportunities then yeah it 'd be pointless to have quotas but we 're not there yet .
gen x has skated by too long in the boomers vs. millennials wars .
especially since gen z thinks anyone over 40 is a boomer .
about time gen x got their hands dirty by clinging to the roof of a truck i guess .
you 're supposed to but turns out people willing to vacation in miami during a pandemic usually do n't care about these things and no one is enforcing it .
it 's impossible they would have to have guards at every person 's home .
they received thousands of complaints about airbnb which was banned during the pandemic and they issued 0 fines .
the final season end will not be including major elements of books 7 8 and that they are still setting up laconia .
my take is that everyone saying s6 was the planned '' ending are bullshitting .
they wrote and shot s5 as if they would be doing the final 7-9 arc and now they are n't which to me indicates something happened ... e.g .
amazon did n't pull the numbers they wanted re-casting cas was suddenly an issue somebody at the production company changed their mind etc etc .
i 'm just an armchair tv enthusiast but when you see story issues in collision with show production that is to say they 're going to have to massively alter s6 in order to not leave major loose ends then 9 times out of 10 it 's because production was cancelled where it was n't originally planned rather than to set up some nebulous continuation with no concrete production plan .
they can say they were n't cancelled all they want and it may even be strictly speaking true but everything indicates that production on the show is stopping before it was planned .
when they were writing s5 they thought they would be doing s7-s9 .
your nickname is now porra '' make sure to turn around and respond any time you hear someone yelling it .
normally users can only have one cart at a time .
so it 's more like a shopping list really where every item points to the user and to the product maybe the quantity too .
nothing since the invention of the internet has been as good for stocks as covid 💰💵
unfortunally you submission has been removed since you do not have enough λ .
are you sure you 've opened the app during different six-hour windows ?
sometimes you also need to give it a minute or two to spawn so if you 're logging in not seeing a balloon and immediately closing the app you could be missing it
the way we guess the cert shop is when a new banner comes out or sneak peaked for us .
from there we guess the devs only show us when the shop almost finishes .
we do not just wait maybe 2-4 days before cert shop ends and we know .
i 'm not sure if there is a setting to turn that on or off but yes i am unable to send you any messages .
probably could have done better but did n't start interviewing till after graduation and in the middle of the pandemic i just wanted whatever i could get .
interview was just a couple casual chats asking how i 'd approach certain technical challenges or getting me to talk about past experiences working in teams .
this is my experience after successfully pooping in the potty she will always poop on the floor while i 'm cleaning out her potty .
this is your friendly automod here reminding you to check the rules https www.reddit.com/r/gachaclub/about/rules of our sub before you post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gachaclub if you have any questions or concerns .
i am 90 sure that your avatar is giorno giovanna
i mean would be a bit of a curve ball if this realistic portrayal of a disease in society ended with like a zombie plague or something
wow this looks nothing like the trailers for the game wow
most anarchists are marxists they are n't socialists or mls obviously .
just because you do n't agree with their conclusions does n't mean they are n't .
it does n't have anything to do with the story it 's just part of one of your common/uncommon quests
you 're not just saying that you 're saying it 's good news at the end of 2020 .
in a sense you 're right because 2021 is going to be even more shit than 2020 for uk citzens living in the eu .
i do n't swear or curse in daily life but i am more than prepared to throw down an f-bomb when i 'm in dire need of something .
that being said i 'm not sure if anyone even really notices the fact that i do n't curse so it may all be for nothing .
but the concept that charity happening is a good thing relies on the idea that its more frequent that charity does n't happen .
bill gates is a good person but we only think he 's a good person because most other people as wealthy as him are n't good people .
refuting any attempt at change by saying ‘well life is n't perfect anyway ' is foolish that statement is why change is necessary life will never be perfect but in can be better and so change must continue forever .
as an example of this try kicking a wall about a dozen times with your bare feet hit it with the toes going first not the soles .
would you have rather not kicked a wall repeatedly with your bare feet ?
now imagine that every time you wanted to get on a bus or a train or any other type of public transport you had to do that again and that that had always been the law would you want to change that ?
now switch your feet hurting for you paying a massive chunk of your taxes to the military every year so that they can bomb children in countries you ca n't point out on a map do you want to stop that ?
did you want life to be better for the millions of non-combatants killed by america to protect the interests of the 1 ?
do you want life to be better for the millions who will be killed in the coming decades ?
truthfully the idea that the world is n't perfect and we 're doing pretty well given its imperfections serves to benefit those who are well off already by resisting change you are actively choosing to be complicit in upholding all the suffering caused by the status quo in the name of your own comfort .
i 'm also looking for flavor and currently using a phobia v2 in my squonk so i think i made a good choice then .
they did dont worry as for if they got married legally ?
idk in the citrus universe same sex marriage may be recognized in japan but we ca n't be sure .
as long as they 're in love that 's all that matters
that is stupid take because without scalpers they could still get this product but also cheaper .
josh 's assistant was named donna and their patter was some of the funniest and most ridiculous of the show .
she is super hot and this is sexy but can we also show some fucking respect for that board game collection ?
because denying something when there is no evidence to think that thing exists is not a sin nor something that should be regretted .
the people who discovered the proton but not the electron did not regret not discovering the electron
but how racist was europe in the 50s towards turks ?
this post has been removed because it has no or very little content thus breaking the 1b rule https www.reddit.com/r/paladins/about/rules
1b posts must be able to stand on their own without their title .
please try making this post again making sure to include either some explanation text or a link .
note that a text post with a single picture inside wo n't work for those use the image video tab when posting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/paladins if you have any questions or concerns .
it looks fine to me it 's probably just not loading your mod file correctly .
have you checked that your mod is loading at all ?
i 'm willing to bet you have a file leftover from using the nudger .
check documents\paradox interactive\hearts of iron iv for a history folder .
the game will load anything there over your modfiles .
a wedding was called off in bareilly after some friends of the groom dragged the bride to the dance floor according to a report by the times of india .
the couple both postgraduates was getting married in a grand wedding ceremony in bareilly .
the groom was from a village in the district while the bride was from kannauj .
the merriment was brought to an abrupt halt when the bride was forced to bust some movies leading to a heated argument .
the kin of the bride said she can not be forced to tie the knot with a man who did n't respect her .
the family called off the wedding and decided to go back home .
they also filed a dowry complaint against the groom 's family who then agreed to shell out rs 6.5 lakh after reaching a settlement .
dpo twins saturday is the date i told myself i could test too but i suspect i 'll end up caving tomorrow ... .
i remember reading about a dude who read all the privacy policies for everything he used for an entire week .
it was a long time ago but i believe it was quite rough on him .
ah yes because north korea and other communist nation 's definitely dont/did n't have elections .
obviously it 's edgy band kid communists like you who do n't have any idea what you 're talking about .
flashprint does this to every .stl file i import ... havent found any issues with the repairs so far .
article does n't mention anything about money being stolen .
but i guess you are just following the pattern of making things up on reddit for them upvotes
now i 'm intrigued at the notion of a ninja treatment veterinary facility .
for foreign residents it is the same as the expiration of your visa .
i sang this in the same tone as the actual opening lmao .
good to know i should never trust your app reviews as you are obviously rating them on criteria that is irrelevant to the app .
ca n't believe people are really making the rockets out as bad guys in this situation
it would also be perfectly possible for tilman to tell harden sorry gm runs the team not me .
konačna razlika u ovim pristupima jer ta da rf osvoji neka mjesta u lokalnim skupštinama tu i tamo u zagrebu i rijeci uglavnom dok je srp stranka koja u najljevijem dijelu hrvatske izvuče glasove od 0,5 glasača .
naravno to je sad čisto parlamentaristička priča ali daje uvid u to na koji način ljudi percipiraju te dvije grupacije .
u krajnjem slučaju iako nisam fan rf mislim da pojedinci tamo imaju iskrene namjere i želje iako im stranačka vrhuška to ne dopušta izraziti dok se sa srpovcima generalno stvarno ne da komunicirati .
ali njihovo vodstvo je kako se meni čini ionako već u trećoj dobi i kadrovi im se slabo obnavljaju .
honestly for a mansion that is n't that many .
bono had a headache just imagining lewis saying his tires are dead through each sector
dude also scored 2 non-pen goals when he has 5 npxg while actually outperforming xa .
you are absolutely stunning i definitely have a crush on you 💖💕❤️
that 's why i 'm on reddit and play video games all the time .
check that out if you have n't because it has huge potential for people who are handicapped .
the big flakes of salt help break the garlic down when grinding .
hooray for happy shit doo doo on the poo poo train .
mass vaccination that 's being rolled out may turn out lethal due to speedy trials .
the title screen for cold war is literally one third mw .
at 11 i was very into arts and crafts .
this post has been removed due to rule ii .
do not use the tags to share your own poetry .
all original poetry goes to our sister subreddit r/ocpoetry .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/poetry if you have any questions or concerns .
sounds like you joined a group with clear rules that you felt did n't apply to you and now you 're throwing a hissy fit about it .
of course my queerness became my whole personality i needed something to replace being a depressed self-hating closeted mess .
people are free to write whatever they want but this being the internet people will also whine like spoiled five year olds when they find something they do n't like with twatter and tumblr being very high on that ladder of whiners .
but it also really baffles me when people whine about stuff not existing in the form of fanfiction .
fuckin ' go and write it yourself if you want it so bad .
i wanted to read a cool action/adventure/fantasy story about werewolves smacking each other with boulders had just watched van helsing and am a big fan of powerwolf and action/adventure/fantasy ganres but in the fandom i was most interested at the time ... . well let 's say people had different tastes when it came to lycanthropy seems like all out brawls were n't a top priority compared to romance and drama
so did i whine how there was only degenerate handholding and feelings and not enough blood battle and humour ?
fucking no i opened a google doc and started writing that shit !
actually that was my first ever story that got me to love writing .
best advice i can gib ignore the whiners maybe slap em in the face when they start screeching too much usually works and just keep having fun writing what you want to write .
the committee obviously will never consider putting a g5 team in the playoffs .
what could you even do if you 're cincinnati this year ?
even if you theoretically played and beat several p5 teams in the non-con i 'm convinced the committee would still find a way to keep them at arms length at this time in the year .
and with how the committee does rankings theres really no reason for p5 teams to play good g5 teams .
the committee clearly has their mind made up about what teams are eligible for the playoff and its a small list .
i wonder if theyd find some way to keep isu or iu out if given the chance because their football brand isnt strong enough
30 is the new 20 matrimonials are the new dating apps
ah yes the one that had a covid outbreak on day 2 in nyc ?
yes in every gacha game limited time rate up character banners are coming back for events unless they are story locked like the ones in the permanent banner venti might come back later this year but it 's just a rumor
this is an automated message posted to all posts in this subreddit with some basic information about the group including very importantly rules .
most people seem to not read the sidebar for information or the rules so it is now being posted under all posts .
check out our helpful links https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/helpfullinks for information on how to deal with identify theft how to get independent of your n-parents how to apply for fafsa how to identify n-parents and so much more !
this is a reminder to all participants rbn is a support group that is moderated very strictly .
please report inappropriate content so it can be reviewed by the mods .
advising anyone in this subreddit to commit suicide or referring anyone to groups that advocate this will result in an immediate ban .
narcissists are not allowed to post or comment here .
please refrain from posting uplifting '' threads https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/upliftingposts .
no content advocating violence revenge murder even in jest .
for a full list of our rules/more information click here https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/raisedbynarcissists if you have any questions or concerns .
i had the same thought but then i googled them ...
with invis giant axe mangles entire rooms with a single throw throw in berserk statue for an even larger axe and reliably hits bosses for 90 dmg .
meat grinder 's entire spin attack gets boosted by invis allowing assassin to do 300 dmg with a single attack if all the hits land .
agitated trunk and electric drill actually unleash a single attack that goes on for as long as the button is held which means that every single one of those hits is boosted by invis until you let go or run out of energy .
invis ' main weakness is probably that it relies on crits so it needs the element crit buff for use with elemental weapons and daily challenges can make it unusable if you get crit dmg 50 .
knitting and crochet are great to do when you feel mentally exhausted .
a pair of needles and yarn are easy to get .
the only drawback is if you already use your hands a lot during your job .
i did however i noticed on tasmota 9.1 it said the gpio config had changed .
shame you ca n't actually make faces this well in the actual game .
its just a man or woman born with extra chromosomes lmao
it does not really work well often crashes and the color change is super laggy
the assassins etc exist because some testers in beta went a bit extreme and waiting for bloodlust/heroism cd between pulls .
go see a doctor my friend was skinny his whole life and when he went to see a doctor about he found out he had an overactive immune system which would result in a shorter lifespan and needed to take some pills and avoid iodine .
after a while he was able to gain a little bit of weight
the problem with the rgb is they has a conflict with armoury crate app
i just try to uninstall the armoury create app with the ccleaner just install the free version
install the ccleaner and on the tool section there a option of uninstall apps
find the armoury crate and rgb fusion 2.0 if you have install
then restart the pc after that go to aorus engine and install the rbg fusion 2.0
and then it able o see the card on the rgb fusion 2.0
the mecanism was new in 2004 but now it is predictable and easy to deal with if you have a discord .
i mean come on all you have to do with twins is have a warlock with a lot of shadow resist to spam searing pain and the dps just have to watch out their threat .
ouro and visci did n't really striked me as hard .
weird mechanism stupid damage need a lot of consumable ...
oak logs for the first layer at the bottom .
if i could push another 500 into the build making it 2000 what would you recommend ?
i mean ... you absolutely could make that happen with a little bit of work 🤔
parts are definitely original so even if it was modded it 's still 100 vostok .
that does mean we have to root for the steelers to win out since they face both of those teams .
yeah there are ways to minimise it but you need that extra soul ash more on your alts .
it is a minor issue that does n't require immediate attention but it really puts me off alt at the moment unless they are a tank spec .
i used it in my asm10 and it just made the gun fairly trash .
i think he is just giving some context ... dont think most people know what the protests are about .
but please lah you know which country you are in .
mine sound like the fans are old or have a lot of dust in it or something like that
i mean i shed skin when i 've had a sun burn
if you do n't get sick the virus does n't get to multiply in your body and you 're probably less likely to infect others but even if that 's not true vaccinations will still lessen the impact on the healthcare system greatly .
not getting a vaccination is the exact same kind of egotistical thinking that keeps retards from wearing masks .
does n't change the fact that she 's an abusive bitch though ...
what would be cool is if you click on a certain item and it opens a tab with its 32x32 sprite and description .
would be very qool but making so many 32x32 sprites may be yikes but still .
rory and mal saw what rosenberg did and decided to stay committed to shutting out ak .
its like how black people can say the n word .
actually i believe this is a fake i found the original article and it has watch spacex 's starship launch and explode in crash landing '' as the title .
they could have changed it but i looked at the authors twitter and he seems pretty educated about space stuff .
and he also retweeted a lot of spacex starship tweets .
i got an interview on the 9th but i 'm still waiting on a reply .
one of my friends told me that imperials going on holiday this friday so it 's likely we wo n't get replies till next year .
growing up in an alcoholic home is chaos i can relate on some level though i know i ca n't know you 're exact situation .
that 's a good way to look at it it 's on them .
helps to not self blame and also to acknowledge that we do bring something very valuable to peoples lives and it 's a shame they ca n't see that at all times instead of just ditching .
what you said reminded me of that saying which i may get wrong but something like character is how you treat those when they can do nothing for you. might not fit 100 but it 's kind of like when people are happy and not stressed they ditch those who they ca n't use to make them feel better ... until they need uplifting again i guess .
and if we have learned anything from this election is that there are 70 million gullible rubes so they can keep this grift going for a while
eestis on see aasta euroopa üks väiksemaid majanduslangusi kui mitte väikseim .
if they are n't paying their opinions do n't matter .
it 'll be hard but setting up some boundaries is important .
if they 'll cut you off over something so petty welp they 're about to lose a child .
since christmas was comming i want to get a new phone to last me for around 2-3 years and i wonder which one am i gon na get .
right now i own a galaxy a10e with a cracked screen and now i want a new phone so what do i get ?
i 'm doing ok but some of my loved ones have been dealing with some major shit on top of the pandemic .
they think she 's got five years at most .
playing my first doom game ever on ultra-violence and even though i die so so so much i 'm having the time of my life actually exploring a game and learning to get better no matter how difficult the levels are .
and also has taught me not to give up when the going gets tough .
also when i die ... .a lot i like to think a demon wakes up from a dream thinking they killed the doom slayer and end up re living the nightmare of having to try and kill me again making it their own personnel hell .
once a week i drive about an hour to pick up my daughter every wednesday .
i have become familiar with the landscape and buildings along the highway .
every week there is this big old two story house that is clearly abandoned leaning slightly to one side .
the roof is caved in partially the windows are all broken the surrounding plants have overgrown .
i 'm just waiting for the week that i drive past and its laying in a broken heap .
it 's like an object teetering precariously and you just know it 's going to fall .
and so you hold your breath and wait and it seems to move in slow motion .
i 've heard how the rosary has lead to so many miracles and life changes so i was wondering how the divine mercy chaplet has affected you .
who is your favorite champion released this year taking into account their overall design gameplay and impact to you as a player .
i 'm seeing about a 10 drop in battery every 12 hours .
this is after a shutdown not a suspend or hibernate .
eu realmente não sei o que aconteceu comigo esse ano sempre fui uma pessoa muito emotiva e apegada às pessoas que fazem parte da minha vida .
no começo do ano lembro de ter desabafado com a minha mãe por estar meio carente e querer alguém especial na minha vida .
algumas semanas depois conheci um cara mt incrível desenvolvemos uma relação muito boa durante a quarentena nós contávamos basicamente tudo um pro outro e senti por ele algo que eu não sentia há um bom tempo aquele friozinho gostoso de falar com quem vc gosta
looking for a basic calculator that lives in the menu bar .
which 3 do you admire the most or like the best ?
and if you 're up to explaining why each one is your favorite .
i do not fit the typical criteria of the stereotype of entps debating full of ideas all the time not settling on idea lack of focus on appearance etc .
however i do have their wit cleverness devil-may-care break the rules and go-with-the-flow attitude .
i break social norms all the time in terms of fashion and thinking .
but i enjoy investigating things and trying to understand things in my alone time .
so i 'm the best of both worlds bastard child of an entp and intp .
so i get along with both types very well .
so since i covered what i am i will pick the top 3 i admire
i got to hand it to them they are smart intuitive and get shit done .
and the brilliant thing is you do n't know what they are up to or what they have planned because they are thinking 2-4 steps ahead .
they are very blunt direct and do n't mince words .
the weakness of a perceiver like me if that we are forgetful lazy and go-with-the-flow .
we 're hella fun at parties and social gatherings well at leas the extroverts are mostly .
introverts can be too if they become more comfortable .
some of the most intelligent and clever villians are intjs .
dark sidious magneto voldemort tywin lannister rumpelstiltskin from once upon a time walter white severus snape thanos scar from the lion king .
i could go on and on about intj villians .
but what if you had a good intj who used their mind for good ?
the beauty of an intj and perhaps the scary part about them is you do n't know what they are up to or what is going on in their mind and when they lay it all out you are surprised because you did n't think that many steps ahead yourself .
as an entp an infj is the idea romantic partner for my type and great for friendship as well much like the intp .
caring giving generous curious sensitive adventurous to a degree and very loyal if you win over their love and affection .
great listeners and enjoy asking questions to better understand things .
i am dating a wonderful infj-a who makes me very happy and while that may sound like an emotion bias it is not .
i am familiar with the type and have met several infjs and think very highly of them .
they bring out my emotional caring side my tertiary function of fe extroverted feeling .
they also want what is real and genuine in friendships and relationships and they do n't tolerate bullshit and are not fond of superficial casual conversations .
never betray or break the heart of an infj because they will drop your ass like a hot potato walk out of your life and never look back .
it has n't happened to me and it wo n't because i 'm not a dick who toys with others ' hearts .
but i know you do n't cross an infj .
caring friendly sometimes bubbly and great motivators of people and hype men/women enfps are what entps would be if they were more sensitive and more people focused .
like the entp they love ideas concepts novelty and abstract thinking .
however they are more uplifting and caring than entps are i admit i am guilty of not being very empathetic .
if you need someone to motivate you or tell you you can do it ! ''
do n't get me wrong there is a lot of academically gifted asian kids out there .
but for a good amount of them they only really get good grades because they 're scared of their parents and what to come if they bring home a bad grade .
the stereotype is damaging coupled with asian parents terrible expectations is just plain bad .
it 's okay to not be good at school doing trades is okay .
you 're not stupid it 's just what you 're doing is n't for you and that does n't make you any less of a failure .
asian parents are n't equipped to think outside the box if anything they want to stay within the box and that 's their downfall .
the younger generation of asian kids have so much potential that 's being wasted on satisfying aps demands and expectations .
the mc name is yuna but at one point they call the mc yuri .
i have n't finished the whole volume yet so dunno how much more .
they desperately need to rework how they handle doing translations and proofing them .
same thing happen with the manga bloom into you .
the first volume release completely had main characters names wrong multiple times .
i 'm pretty sure i 've heard of it happening in other series also .
in general it seems their translations are suspect period with many mistakes being pointed out in them .
they need to improve pay for translators and higher more to lessen the workload that individual translators have to take on if what i heard is true .
motion detected on minos bathroom on december 17 2020 at 12:11am .
i adopted a 12 week old yesterday and made the horrible gigantic mistake of feeding her dry food twice please spare me the angry lecture i know i fucked up and i 'm so worried rn .
she still has n't pooped or peed at all .
this is the 24th hr that i 've been with her .
is it time to go to the vet or do i continue to try to get her to poop and pee by feeding her wet food and liquids ?
she is not lethargic and is still very playful .
there are no other abnormalities that i can see other than the lack of pee and poop .
i was so close to going to the vet a scary thing nowadays because of the virus but thanks for telling me to wait a bit more !
thank you as well for all the other advice !
specifically i am thinking about an aquarium about 12 '' 12 '' 12 '' with at least one transparent face .
the bottom and other three faces need not be transparent .
for an aquarium this size made of acrylic the required thickness would be about 3/16 '' .
would a printed tank have the necessary structural strength to hold water compared to acrylic ?
i would want a partial top on the tank and this would add stability .
assuming the above is possible what kind of equipment is necessary and what skill level would you rate this project at ?
i serebii https www.serebii.net/index2.shtml has the details you need to sign up for the pokemon trainer club newsletter basically just create an account and check recieve marketing materials .
did anyone else notice that 's it 's alot harder to kill the megaton like it took me and my buddy like 2 rounds to kill 1 megaton on round 27 did they get a hella buff or something
sorry for the long post i just feel like i have burdened my friends and family to death with my grief
i lost my beloved baby boy sox a week ago today .
two weeks ago he started limping and acting fatigued so i rushed him to the er .
they told me his gums were n't as great of colors as they wanted to be and his heart murmur had worsened .
he had been diagnosed with stage 4 heart murmur at 12 years old so this was n't news to me .
they wanted to do x-rays and blood work that would cost about 1,000 total .
that is a lot of money i did n't want to spend if i could just go to my regular vet for half the price .
the er told me to take him this week so i booked an appointment for wednesday .
the rest of the day he acted a little fatigued and worried me but i gave him some medicine i received from the er last time i took him and he perked up .
followed me to the fridge followed me to bed started running again acting totally normal .
my two dear friends that have known him since we got him when i was 10 came over on wednesday and thought he was in great shape so they persuaded me to move the appointment to friday so we could have more time to hangout i see them maybe once every couple of months because of schedules .
he was eating drinking breathing fine energy levels were up everything seemed fine .
my boyfriend was supposed to come over but i felt bad because he always comes to my house so i thought it would be easier for me to go his house so i went over there to make his life easier because he had work in the morning .
i walked sox he was a little sluggish but still sprinted down the hallway after the walk so i thought nothing was wrong .
left him to eat his dinner and drink his water he finished his dinner and drank all of his water .
i come back later that night to find my sweet baby boy laying in his nap spot breathless .
picked him up and brought him to the er .
almost threw up and ran numerous red lights while screaming that he would be okay .
they tried to bring him back but his heart was in too bad of condition .
i asked the nurse if there were anything i could have done and she said the condition of his heart and his heart murmur were too severe it 's likely he would n't have lived that much longer even with medication .
they let me see him one last time and my dad myself my boyfriend all cried for hours around my baby 's body .
i know he was 13 and i gave him a good life but i suffer from so much regret not being home when he passed .
i know he went peacefully but i ca n't stop thinking about why he did n't act like something was wrong .
i would have never have left my baby had something been wrong .
i would have hugged him and never let go had i know that would be the last time i would see him .
i left my apartment and am staying at my dad 's house temporarily because i ca n't be at the condo we lived in .
i do n't know how to go on without him .
i ca n't picture ever having a normal life or loving another dog the way i loved my sox .
any advice you is greatly appreciated therapists recommendations or coping mechanisms .
i checked the market and the nearby sellers were selling them at around 350 isk per unit .
i was going to sell mine at 300isk/unit but when i clicked sell the game recommended a price of 155isk/unit .
i checked the buy orders too and they were buying at about 2**50 isk .
so i sold mine at 200 ... . why would it recommend 155 ?
the health and safety of us and that of people around us should be of the highest respect .
getting hse online course will instill in us a positive health and safety culture .
it will transcend into not just your loved ones but also your workers .
then you can rest assured that everyone around is safe .
hello all i 'm starting another skyrim playthrough and this time i am going for a dungeoneer .
i 'm using ordinator plus a mod which allows me to build automatons since it just kind of fits .
i 'm on xbox one currently so my options are limited .
i do have morrowloot wildcat elfx and elfx hardcore and the travel lantern plus some more fun mods like a dwemer exoskeleton apocalypse and other magic mods my ugly backpack etc .
i want to know of any good dungeoneer armor/weapon mods gear mods good dungeon overhauls to make them more challenging or rewarding all that stuff .
i 've more or less ruled out bosmer nord orc and dark elf but i have n't ruled them out completely .
i 'm going heavy armor one handed alteration enchanting smithing lockpicking and most likely speech .
i was thinking of a d d-esque dungeoneer/artificer including making and using various grenades dwarven turrets etc .
i 've thought of redguard for the good stamina but i do n't particularly love them same with dark elves .
i was thinking khajiit but a lot of armor mods i have do n't work with best races unfortunately .
argonians are my favorite and their poison resistance and histskin is nice but i 've played them a lot .
if it helps gameplay bonuses are nice but i 'm delving more into the roleplay .
3 year fixed rates are at 1.97 and i would be very interested at structuring the loan so that it is really simple to debt recycle once we have sufficient equity .
my assumption is no offset maybe a redraw facility ?
i 'm trying to understand what happens as a bullet impacts a target .
from what i 've researched so far the bullet is travelling with kinetic energy and when it impacts the target and the small impact area of the bullet creates an incredible stress by focusing all of its energy into that meplat which in the case of flesh and fabric it penetrates by overcoming the material strength .
i saw that stress is force area so i 've been trying to find what force a bullet exerts on the target but i cant find a conversion from kinetic energy to force i also do n't know if this is the correct way to go about looking at it so any suggestions would be appreciated
i 'm looking for a way to mathematically determine if s bullet will penetrate a target knowing it 's dimensions mass velocity at time of impact and materials strength .
one says to only use water and the other one says to use antibacterial soap .
i 've only cleaned them with soap but was curious as to what toy cleaners you recommend .
i was thinking about this today while dc got a little snow .
drinking by a fire while the snow falls or under a patio is amazing .
it is peaceful the city is quieter and we wo n't have many snow days per winter with the climate warming .
obviously 2020 is one big missed opportunity for most but even in a pandemic there is opportunity to have fun .
for many people dining outside i still personally avoid indoors has been that opportunity .
i was tempted to try and find a place to snow drink but you know its wednesday and work unfortunately got in the way .
in fact a busy evening prevented me from enjoying a night out and that is when i got annoyed at the 10pm restrictions .
if the restaurant is following safe covid guidelines why are we forcing them to close their doors early .
we all know that the whole service industry is struggling and the city is forcing them to close during potential earning hours .
i think the city should have done the reverse .
places used to serve till 2 or 3am why not let them go all night if they wanted to !
people needing a pick me up pandemic sure swing by at 4am for a drink .
if i am sitting outside what difference does it make that it suddenly turned 10pm .
your making the restaurant lose out of the potentially hundreds of dollars that groups spend on a saturday nights .
i understand that their are potential downsides but for the most part i think this would help the restaurants that could make it work .
many are currently being run solely by management and owners .
they ca n't work 24 hours though so it would create opportunities to bring staff back .
it could space out the time people were there .
instead of getting a dinner rush because people know last call is at 9 patrons willing to go out later will spread the rush out .
the options are endless and the city could lean on it instead of hamstringing the industry .
people should n't have to hibernate all winter when you can still have fun safely !
venmo can mail me a debit card and i can use that as a routing i do n't have to reveal too much personal info .
will it be better to just use my bank ?
i read that venmo can also hold your cash is this true even if i 've been using it for years ?
trying to remember a book from when i was a kid that is like where 's wally but you had to find a woman who was in a different city each time as well as 10 or so objects linked to that city/country .
one i kind of remember was a floating market in bangkok with all the long boats .
i 'm from the uk which may make a difference .
this could for example include getting double mastectomy hysterectomy penectomy vaginectomy etc .
to make yourself as void of as many sex characteristics as possible to relieve gender/sex dysphoria .
i just watched it as i 've been trying to watch more and more black mirror and honestly i thought it was captivating .
i already had heard details about the episode but i enjoyed it a lot while watching it and i thought it was an interesting and well executed idea .
i thought danny and karl had good chemistry and i think anthony mackie did a great job in this episode .
it brought up some interesting ideas and i am just curious as to why you may dislike the episode .
i have nothing better to do and my messages are hella dry lmao
idk what to say uhm ... i can usually keep a conversation going idc about gender i dont really wan na talk to anyone over like 18 just cause im underage .
andddd i have lots of siblings and a some pets .
ive had a decent bit of edibles in my life both good and bad .
ive noticed when there good ones they get you high as fuck like highest you 've ever been type of high .
but when there bad they literally do n't do shit at all .
ive noticed that when i have a good one i can kinda feel a come up feeling for like the few hours leading up to when it actually hits .
looking for anyone who loves anime and working out !
i do n't have the best i ternet in the world and 25 gb will take a very very long time to download .
why in the world should a patch need to be this big ?
i 'm not into modding and do n't know much about it .
but i love using mods to improve my game experience and see how modders can do what the devs could n't .
questions to mod devs are big mods possible gameplay changes new weapons new vehicles etc ?
or will there be only be things like presents and reshades ?
i 've done a dw rogue playthrough a year ago and now i 'm thinking of doing an archery playthrough .
which spec do you find the most fun/powerful for an archery rogue ?
hi everyone i would love to have the jock tiger tybalt on my island !
with ores you need 2/3 uts which is a 50 boost .
this is the exact same as perma-running loot drop which costs 1 hr .
f2p players ca n't do this but players with can easily do so .
i 'm planning to mod my samsons to have a removable cable just like in this post
but i want to be able to use them with those mic cable combos like the v-moda boom pro thingies .
after the mission where you get out of the bunker
i forgot to give nastya the canteen that giul gave me
can i still give it to her or i lost my chance ?
title probs is enough to stirr quite a few folk here but i actually write this post with both consumer and hp 's own good in mind .
i 'm by no means a lenovo fanboy nor hp for that matter always stuck with dell but this year dell just flat out failed in terms of gaming laptop offering and i had to brave new seas .
by that i mean the most crucial thing for me display quality .
hp seems to have the american '' approach similar to dell sadly pay a premium or suffer shitty quality display .
no budget priced omen in my country sported the good display at let 's say the cost of lower tier graphics card or less powerful processor .
you can find very reasonably priced legion 5 lappies with the great 144hz display at the expense of something else like having less powerful gtx card or lower tiered r5 4600 ryzen instead of 4800 .
heck the cheapest model still features 100 srgb 300 nit display just that here it 's 60hz not 144 .
point being here you decide where the cuts happen if you 're on a budget rather than wearing the pleb brand '' in form of terribad display quality for yourself and all others to see becuase you could n't shell out a specific amount of .
something dell and this year hp seem to make their staple practice ...
perform 10 to 20 repetitions of each exercise if you use your body weight alone .
perform an equal number of reps on both legs when you do lunges .
토토 https www.toto365.pro for weighted exercises do eight to 12 reps with enough weight to make your final reps a real challenge .
do two thigh workouts per week with at least 48 hours between sessions .
hey so just as the title says i 'm looking to downgrade to a dumb phone but know it has to have 4g lte since 2g is n't around anymore and 3g is practically gone as well i live on the west coast usa .
i love the form factor of flip phones but any with decent battery life will do .
i have an ipod for music and my car has navigation so i pretty much just need calling and texting preferably wifi calling too since i live in an area with poor reception .
the best one i 've seen so far is the alcatel go flip 3 but would love some recommendations as i 've seen that the build quality is pretty cheap on the alcatel .
motion detected on minos bathroom on december 17 2020 at 02:35am .
hello cybernetics was started just over a year ago .
if you are active and have certain skills to bring we would greatly appreciate your efforts .
we are drama free and have active players and do ops regularly .
thanks for taking the time to read this hopefully we see you
need an it consultant vancouver then consult turbo it solutions is a leader in the vancouver it market .
we are the perfect choice for your business growth .
we provide it consulting network cabling service network support managed it services in vancouver .
i 'm currently experiencing a lot of dizziness lately did it improve for you or subside and what was the time frame ?
there 's no evidence that he 's disgruntled about his role and it 's not like he 's playing out of position or struggling in the role he 's been given .
most logical reason for any impasse is money and contract term length
comparing to captain lannery storm just shows the insane powercreep right now .
i know it 's a matt made thing but i thought wizards okayed it .
i thought there was a lot of talent and i did enjoy it but i also think the newbies vs. vets thing was really lame .
i just do n't see why it was necessary either do an all stars season which i think in general have been well received anyways or have all new people .
it 's an obvious advantage to have been on the show before and doubly so since many of the returning people had made it far in their seasons .
drink every time matt nable says what about this bloke
i used to ride regular uber all the time and appreciated every single driver .
i 've also ordered via uber eats and have appreciated almost every single one of my delivery drivers when i had that opportunity to order via ue .
replika ca n't connect to instagram now after they changed their api a while back .
haha i literally exchange little lists with my mother and sister so we do n't get each other stuff we do n't want .
take not directed specifically at u i think this sub 's opinions on the lesser leakers around here are outdated .
mafia baaz0 and anyone else have all been a bit more reliable as of late and a bit more choosy and specific in how they phrase their statements .
specific he is signed '' ones like these are usually accurate or corrected quickly in the last month so i think it 's fair to take it seriously .
not to get on a soapbox abt dumb twitter leaks or anything
yeah everything is set to max performance as far as power settings go
could be practice sessions but i did n't see anything that indicated that either one was riding an e bike
still sing that to my daughter who 's now a grown woman .
i must say ... . the husband looks more like a pedo than anyone else in the video let 's be real .
also people like this have no happiness in their lives and it 's kind of sad to see .
maybe this nice guy could have given her a skate board of course she would fall off of it and accuse him of assaulting her or some shit .
jon favreau should have directed the star wars sequels and j.j. abrams should have directed people to their seats in the theater .
we do n't know who votes for the hof or what they look for .
we just have past examples james worthy is the closest comparison .
manu 's another and all his peers say he will make it .
being the 3rd fiddle in a dynasty gets you in the hall .
you do n't need the ip just a replica of the game 's systems and characters with new art .
yeah we might not do formal coalitions often but i 'm pretty sure they still have to get other parties to vote their government in and then not vote them out .
hopefully tomorrow i may get a chance to try a couple other spots .
weak response i doubt a quarter of the people who criticized trump 's cabinet picks could name a reasonable choice besides maybe naming some random senator they like but that does n't mean they were n't right be critical
why people feel the need to play with fire is beyond me .
he went from couch loafing burnout to a plain child .
he did have his moments in the show where he was serious and mature though but i never really liked todd because of the way he acted so immature .
there 's always that one dumbass in a show that always ruins everything and makes it almost nauseating to watch epis with them featured
maybe like baby guardians kinda like the monarchs or dragon lords
i just hope they mean active games that no one plays and not stuff like the old hannah games that require shockwave and can't be played even though people may want to .
my cat is a boy and he 's the fucking best !
i 'm also male but my cat is objectively better than i am
welp you lost me bro ... just take the silver and let me rot in the hell that is the downvotes .
and if you only do it weekends now you seem to be in a good place 👍
i agree and i am happy that ufs exists and it is a major thing in aggressive skating .
i would not like to come back to every skate uses its own parts '' and are not exchangeable .
but the fact that one skate model makes a different concept come on man ... not the end of the world .
also you can buy a new shell without a cuff for the aeons once you gave ripped it apart .
it costs in most cases less than a new set of soulplates+frames .
i would n't trust ad to keep the ship on track if lebron is out but they will survive if ad is out .
his final performance was better than leann 's imo .
and he 's all around been better than aloe .
seriously why the fuck did so many people but this stock on this sub ? ? ?
i 've got a small bladder and have been trying to drink a lot more water i strive for about 4l day and honestly i 'm peeing roughly every 1-2 hours .
i think it 's not a bad thing though i 'm never not hydrated which is the goal really .
i also chose my stream at the end of first year and i could n't be happier with my decision .
ee is very interesting and it 's such a broad field with so many opportunities .
in terms of courses you take a mix of coding/computer heavy classes and physics circuit analysis e m heavy classes in your second year .
after that the courses you take will depend on which specialization of ee you decide to pursue .
for example if you do n't like coding you most likely will have to take one coding class in your second year and then can never code again if you choose to .
you can definitely learn about quantum physics specifically if you choose to pursue nanotechnology or semiconductor design .
i doubt any ee 's take a course in general relativity unless they are getting a physics minor or just taking it for fun .
the job outlook for ee 's around the world is great it 's a fast growing and diverse field .
you can absolutely work in the space agency as an ee .
i 'll never respect how nasty this fan base can get .
people ca n't keep things game related and stay respectful .
it definitely does the chinese try to engage in a lot of economic imperialism in the south pacific .
we need to keep these little island nations close .
space available in the car for batteries is the major constraint for increasing range with current technology .
you can only add so many heavy batteries to a car .
so increasing range means having a bigger car that is why buses are the best use case for ev or have higher energy density in the batteries .
gatekeep harder about your narrow view of what it means to be a pure progressive
v ajdovščini so začeli s prenovo glavnega trga novembra leta 2017 .
baje da so nazadnje maja 2020 rekli da bodo letos jeseni končali .
trenutno ne morem it pogledat da vidim če je res .
vmes so tudi 9 mesecev delali pločnik na obrobju ajdovščine ...
unfortunately your post was removed as it violates our rules
if you have questions or concerns please message the moderators through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/memes subject message .
how sad your life must be that you have to hate on people enjoying the game and the character while staying within the community guidelines ?
seriously astarion haters would prefer this sub to be barren on content than to see happy inspired fans .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspetite if you have any questions or concerns .
or people who do n't have tvs ... . the post is probably talking about their little brother who 's probably last in the pecking order for tv use in the family .
most of what you just said is true but i barely get disconnected unless my ping is very bad or freaks out for no reason .
my dad would do this with a flour tortilla and drizzle honey on it
this is going to be hilarious he 's squatting until he gets evicted .
another footnote in the history books for this failure of a president .
when he does get escorted out '' trump 's walk of shame from the white house melania 's very public divorce the fbi and sdny lawyers paying him a visit 67 indictments deutsche bank foreclosing on several properties twitter permanently suspends his account and the upcoming court case on a rape allegation/defamation .
those used to be pretty popular in germany from where i hail originally .
i devoured about two a day during my time in the army never had any problems but then again my stomach was hardened by regular army food
unus annus was one of the best things from 2020 .
in fact one of the things i could look forward to and enjoy .
because installing an off switch is harder than flipping one that 's already there .
it 's been a long-term research goal but there 's already a system to signal hey no eggs right now '' during pregnancy but not a similar thing for sperm .
animated birds and existential crisis ' plus occasionally nuking things .
it never fails to bring a smile to my face except for the nuking a city video but i think that was on purpose .
testingcheatsenabled true then right click and click teleport here where you need to be even if it is n't open yet
also could be that the occlusion is slightly off .
it 's pretty common for this to happen and it can definitely cause sensitivity .
well i mean it is the internet where you can stay hidden
it is just hard to see an animal starve to death .
if the science say it is ineffective then i listen to it .
my first comment was about biden 's corruption and you suddenly pulled out this dumb list of things you do n't like about trump that has absolutely nothing to do with trump 's corruption .
you 're the same as the trumpers who believe he is the saviour .
everything i said can be googled in 1 second and proved in 1 second .
oh no these 5 downvoters made my 45000 karma now meaningless 😧😧😧😧😧😧😧 what am i to do ? ? ? ?
god forbid we have to watch a 3 minute video instead of reading a recipe for a 3 ingredient food ! !
i am looking for a stem/cs ed specific grant writers .
i 'm no pro at all but it really should n't be this hard .
i am guessing you are putting way too much thought into it .
like way back when messenger was separated into its own app and people were freaking out that an app that can make calls was needing to use the microphone ... .
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
your post has been deemed as not suffer worthy or unfitting to the subreddit by the moderators of r/makemesuffer .
if you have questions or concerns please message the moderators through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmakemesuffer subject=about 20my 20removed 20submission message=i 27m 20writing 20to 20you 20about 20the 20following 20submission 20https www.reddit.com/r/makemesuffer/comments/keg9x6/carpuccino/. 20 0d 0dmy 20issue 20is ... .
i really hope your stuff comes asap or you can at least get a refund
knives and cars were not created with the sole purpose of killing human beings you penis .
i 've seen this in like n=7 where they get interviews first try and then not until the 4th !
i thought this was a great conversation and i found out that what seemed to me to be a weird procistent and illogical idea might have been so persistent becouse people were actually upset about race .
weather that 's truly the case or not i learned something from posting this and to me that seems like a better end to the descution than came of trying to respond to all the conversation where it came up and i did post my opinion .
my goal was n't to shut it down it was to conclude .
donkeykongnudegod wants to gap up so bad tomorrow but anything that ever makes sense to me never happens unless i inverse myself 🤷🏽‍♂️
bro i need to find one of the luna caps ...
yeah i have difficulty hotkeying to my 7th slot but the rest are pretty solid for me
yep stay away from this if you want your motivation intact .
i 'm sure the backlash would be less severe if these new armors were added to that game since it 's a similar style and there 's only 3 armor choices .
please wait patiently before the post becomes visible in the subreddit and please do not attempt to circumvent the review process .
if your post is a meme it might not be approved depending on its quality and originality .
if your submission is not a meme and does not pass the review process a removal reason may or may not be provided .
if not by default the removal reason will be rule 11 overall subreddit quality
moderators may remove submissions with repetitive content or certain generic topics to help maintain subreddit quality .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/genshin_impact if you have any questions or concerns .
doctor sir you have fully recovered but wtf was that
i 've social distanced worn the masks stayed clear of everyone .
it 's sitting on a truck at a facility waiting to be scanned in most likely .
my opinion of him changed when i learned he considers himself an exhibitionist and likes to get naked whenever he can .
it was referenced on game of roses i think via bhh also ?
https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/27/worldwide_prevalence_of_lactose_intolerance_in_recent_populations.jpg/310px-worldwide_prevalence_of_lactose_intolerance_in_recent_populations.jpg westerners are far less likely to have lactose intolerance than most others .
there is fax number on 4506t depends which state you are
18008294933 you can request over the phone chose 7 and 2 tax history transcripts
it definitely takes time to establish habits of self-discipline .
if i was him/her i 'd just give it to the first comment
then how would those with mental disorders agree on a morality with others ?
i loke that song tbh haha it also got into me the first few times on my playlist and now it 's one of my present favorites .
i wonder how the owner of reo 's ribs https www.koin.com/news/crime/arson-caused-fire-at-reos-ribs-investigators-say a black man btw feels about having his business burned to the ground
you do you man ignore me if this is n't your jam
oh yeah i understand that i was just being general there !
wow this pop-out player on kayo for pc is fucking clutch .
i 'm supposed to be revising my ancient greek conjugations and i need the textbook open for that it 's perfect to have cricket in a little box on top of the pdf
that 's a massive success and sales is the only metric that matters to companies .
you completely missed the technical point i was trying to illustrate .
porting an app from android tv to fire tv is like pushing a button and changing any instance of google play store '' to amazon appstore '' .
ps5 was similar in that hbo and sony had to agree what the revenue split would be .
sony wanted a deal made however as they want all major streaming services on ps5 .
in the world of business ... . in order to split revenue one must generate revenue .
consoles from sony microsoft do not have in-app purchases for video streaming services .
if you are not a subscriber they advise you to subscribe directly to the service you are trying to use prime video netflix disney peacock hbo max etc .
since they do n't handle subscriptions there is no revenue to split .
warnermedia just had to patch the existing hbo max app sony had to test and approve it then warnermedia could release the patch .
this same thing has happened to a few ps4 games that required a post-ps5 launch patch to function on the new ps5 .
i do n't think sony made them sign new deals just to get an existing thing to work on the new thing .
also you do n't seem to understand why there was these disputes with amazon roku in the first place .
they were fighting over viewership data that can be used in advertisements that 's the 1 yeah revenue was an important part but that viewership data that was key .
for amazon roku specifically it also meant chaining people to their eco-system .
meanwhile at t bending the knee to amazon '' does not translate into things like https www.cnbc.com/2020/11/20/amazon-will-remove-hbo-from-amazon-channels-next-year.html in a victory for at t****'*s warnermedia hbo will no longer be available as an amazon channel after their current placement deal expires next year '' .
like i mentioned above this was worst case scenario for amazon as they just lost a lot of valuable exploitable generating revenue data and people are not using their eco-system to watch the content .
warnermedia amazon roku they negotiated and compromised in areas of interest that is fully not known as they do n't release that info .
no one really bent a knee to the other in the end .
kind of late to the party but i would 've had her write the anti-vax intent officially have it notarised and then sue for custody after the child is born .
id use you till every hole is filled and then do it all over again 😘
nd bway neva claim the body he was doin a drill wit dee lol
yes where rainbows end before yung movie but they eventually change the book 's title to love rosie after the movie was out .
hayyy ganun talaga that 's the lesson we need to learn growing up knowing when to take/when not to take the shots .
you need that 2 seconds courage from time to time .
according to the latest international humanist and ethical union 's freedom of thought report 13 countries currently have laws on the books carrying a penalty of death for blasphemy or apostasy .
including pakistan the other 13 countries are afghanistan iran malaysia maldives mauritania nigeria qatar saudi arabia somalia sudan united arab emirates and yemen .
the countries surveyed that expressly make apostasy a capital offense are afghanistan brunei mauritania qatar saudi arabia sudan the united arab emirates and yemen .
if the light is bright do n't stare into it .
am i the only one that does n't see the outline of the word ?
those e6 and up do n't do much other than nothing .
i was in a team room '' with myself as the team of one '' 😎🇺🇸
i personally do n't care how long it takes .
right now with the new mrna vaccines we do n't know if there 's long term effects since this is the first one .
astra-zeneca is one of the companies making the original style vaccine .
no i set dispatch times to 7 days but apparently etsy had a notification saying the delivery would be before christmas i 've explained this is a guide but customers are messaging me saying i should have told them about the delays within the postal services
i am forced to use it to counter them every time .
even i am getting fed up and i have the ascended fennec .
so in your opinion do you believe they are together to this day ?
honestly it sounds like you have dyscalculia the maths equivalent to dyslexia .
that would mean your brain deals with numbers in its own way and that you can learn to achieve in maths .
it 's just you might have to learn your techniques rather than internalising the standard '' ones .
i should have better advice on strategies to work with that but um i 'm blanking .
it 's past midnight and i should be asleep .
i guess search for dyscalculia or bring it up with your teachers/parents ?
he switched to burner accounts in a few instances in the past or reduced leak material for a few weeks in the past
if you have proof of these being in the game as i 've said twice please correct me with evidence .
happened to come across another article from 2008 it seems like there have been 3 tenants at that building since kardish
buying one of your guitars has brought passion back into my playing .
not only is it a dream to play but i feel like i have no more excuses not to practice .
the fact that he 's not at least on administrative leave after killing someone speaks volumes about this administration .
i would love to hear how the right wingers in this state feel about this .
is he a sacrificial cow they are willing to put in jail or do they see him as a vital part of covidkristie 's administration and therefore god-like status must be applied ?
oralement on nous avait dit que la crèche ne faisait pas de mise à jour des contrats en cas de réduction des heures j'ai appris fin octobre que c'était faux et nous avons établi un planning correspondant aux nouvelles heures de garde effectuées et l'avons transmis à la crèche fin octobre en demandant la reconsidération du contrat sur cette base .
i 'm switching from python to c as my first coding language so i need to download either the language or the stuff to my visual studio .
either way it 's not gon na take more than ten-fifteen minutes .
zach wilson has also already had like three major surgeries including one on his throwing shoulder and is in line for a 4th this offseason .
trey lance is the only qb in that 2nd tier with anything near a top 10 qb ceiling and he 's as raw as it gets .
yta women are n't machines you put kindness coins into until sex falls out .
the friend zone is a myth created by men who expect women to owe them something for their kindness and basic humanity .
your son 's upset at being rejected is valid .
but he should not blame the girl he liked for not returning his affections .
maybe you should listen to her ‘feminist speeches ' and ‘junk ' instead of telling her to keep her opinions to herself .
you talk about wanting your son being comfortable enough to express his feelings when you silence your step daughter for expressing hers .
do you know you can make a police report ?
because i remind you that he knows where you live !
more to this with cpi cadre being arrested fingers are being pointed at the violence being instigated .
besides center is involved and states want to woo industries they can not keep asking for bribes .
your title i dont know if this goes in here or not but i need help with a project .
rule 3 the post title should summarize the question clearly concisely . ''
if your question is about electronic circuits please start a new submission but this time ask the actual question in the title .
otherwise please ask your question in one of these other subs r/askelectronics/wiki/othersubs .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askelectronics if you have any questions or concerns .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include the required age/gender tag .
please check the sidebar for information about tagging your submission properly .
please make sure your new submission follows rules 1-8 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rateme if you have any questions or concerns .
easy a baby invade the world plays hoi4 and want to do some funny borders
sorry your submission was removed from r/music because your account is less than one day old .
we have to take these measures to combat spammers it 's nothing personal .
we 'd like you to get to know the place better before contributing so for now just sit back and enjoy the content posted here .
please read this entire reply as we 're trying to help you become successful on reddit .
first time redditors should be aware of reddit 's site-wide guidelines http www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette .
if you are planning to submit your own music site or channel in r/music you must read the guidelines for self-promotion on reddit http reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion .
violating these rules will result in a site-wide shadowban that 's just the way reddit operates there 's nothing we can do about it .
new users should take the time to read the subreddit introduction r/music/wiki/introduction to learn what this place is all about and how we operate .
tomorrow you will be able to comment on threads but not submit posts to r/music .
keep in mind that if you do n't have anything positive or constructive to say in your comment it 's best to refrain from saying anything .
new users must maintain a minimum positive karma score to submit posts in r/music .
again this is nothing personal it 's something we have to do to avoid spammers clogging up our feed to the tune of hundreds of submissions each day .
we ca n't reveal what this score is but we can tell you that anyone who actively uses reddit and is a positive part of the community will have no problem earning their way past this limit quickly .
if you wish to promote in r/music without participating in the community you can buy cheap 5 30 sponsored links http www.reddit.com/advertising .
these will place your music at the top of the page for a couple of days without the need to earn upvotes so everyone will see them .
if you have any questions about reddit please read the reddit faq http www.reddit.com/wiki/faq .
if you are just starting out on your career as a musician r/music is not the place where you want to submit your works-in-progress or first musical creations .
this is the place for finished tracks and albums that are for sale .
there are many other active knowledgeable music communities made up of people like you who will provide feedback advice and technical tips on how to improve your sound .
reddit will even help you to find new band members and learn to play an instrument .
some of the most well known communities are listed below .
r/radioreddit a radio station of redditor-made music hungry for your tracks
the music makers multireddit u/evilnight/m/musicmakers contains 80 communities each dedicated to a different aspect of making music .
there is no better place on the entire internet to get advice and feedback on your own music .
use these resources because they will help you become a better musician .
as you participate in these communities you will quickly earn enough karma to submit your music in r/music and prove that you are an honest user making positive contributions .
we apologize for all of these hoops however there is no other way to protect this subreddit from spammers and users aiming to exploit it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
do n't even respond to the haskins trolls anymore bro .
they 're just doing it for attention at this point .
i work from home ... that was why i thought of that
make sure to not check out north and south dakota then .
you can try xf86-video-amdgpu if you have n't installed it but it still should boot without it i do n't know what else to try it 's normally nvidia that 's more troublesome .
how delusional are you that you think reddit is n't stealing memes from insta ?
men use it too waste your time and get free sex .
if he really wanted you then he 'd be all over you .
we give the fds response because we do n't want him playing us we want to see what kind of man he really is not have him tailor his behaviors to what he thinks we want only to use and discard us later .
tbh i 'm starting to hate the phrase family-friendly ''
just as a reminder this sub has a few rules about posting images .
rule 4 no memes image macros or reaction gifs .
rule 5 you must add a comment with an explanation of what the screenshot is about why it 's interesting etc .
rule 6 no photographs of a computer display screenshots only .
rule 9 submission must be more than just a trade screen or diplomacy leaderhead .
rule 10 no screenshots of common or minor graphical glitches .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/civ5 if you have any questions or concerns .
sidewalk salt is n't going to do enough damage to destroy your steak .
take a handful of rock salt and rub it on your elbow .
most of it will be carried away when you shovel .
reading that makes me wonder if you have ever seen snow .
looks great i wish i had talent like that lol
i wish people knew like anything about being trans .
they usually speed but they 're doing something on their phone and inadvertently slow down from the distraction .
they notice they 're being passed and focus on the road again .
i 'm also curious if you do n't trust this single vaccine or all vaccines ?
it was pretty much just the same classes but the in person stuff like quizzes and exams got moved online .
grades were much higher than normal because cheating was off the charts without any supervision .
but the alternative was using proctoring software which costs the students extra money and feels really invasive .
so i guess it worked out as well as it could .
not even that but he has massive potential as well
yeah if you had made smarter choices you would n't be here answering this dumb reddit post that i came with in 5 seconds
you can take a chunk off and bring it to a paint shop they can tell you what color finish and type you have .
i 've two the one that goes to my front pocket is my box cutter and one going into my back pocket is the shop keys .
cs4 ! mariabell says that the world is bound by shackles .
i do n't know if that is literally true but i imagine this is just an interpretation of that .
there 's a possibility one or more of their victims is active here on reddit and they 've no idea the creep could just reach out to them with a new alt with an excuse .
naming the user id will warn everyone who 've interacted with him .
even people who went onto establish other modes of communication discord skype whatsapp etc .
leaving the house without make up earrings a real lady never leaves the house without looking presentable dear '' .
it made me so conscious about my appearance i ruined my skin for years by slathering make up on .
very short discussion posts are usually a sign of poor quality .
please try again with more in-depth text in your self post .
you will need to include text longer than 50 characters to get past the bot .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's okay i reported it last night to the health feds and then texted my district manager .
have you played a sonic game in the last decade ?
hope you like getting filled up with my hot white cum
they did everything they could especially considering that we were in weapon blockade .
if you 're talking about the wet spot it looks like they have one on their website ... . just saying .
i 'm sure your gf would really appreciate the letters !
again i think this might be a cultural thing .
in my community if you were living under my mother 's roof or were close enough that you would live under my mother 's roof should the need arise you were family .
when i was staying with my sister 's friends i never felt like they were my sister 's friends . ''
it felt more like they were cousins who happened to be closer to my sister .
pretty much all of them i still personally keep in touch with exactly like they 're cousins i was n't super close to merry christmas texts facetiming every now and then wedding invites etc etc .
it was n't ever an audacity '' or a favor to my sister it was just a thing that we did and were expected to do and it taught me important values .
i really wonder if this mom and her kids are n't having some sort of cultural conflict but at any rate they need to use the studio and might need family therapy because this integration is not going well at all
it 's obviously fake you could have deduced that instantly by the home screen .
if you are asking what to do from here ... if you bought it online file a charge back/refund request with the company amazon/ebay etc if it was explicitly labelled as a genuine snes mini .
if it was marketed as something totally different you are most likely screwed and should have been paying attention .
you mention the box and instruction booklets '' match perfectly .
the only thing the snes mini comes with in terms of a book is the manual itself with a poster on the back/front been a while .
a academia que eu vou todo mundo usa máscara e passam álcool gel em tudo sério nunca vi ninguém sendo babaca nesse sentido e não seguindo na linha do aceitável as normas de segurança então por consequência nunca vi a administração da academia esquentando a cabeça com isso detalhe isso nas duas academias que frequentei durante a pandemia
only three things in life are true death taxes and arsenal letting goals in at home
those commentators tend to say things poorly which is odd given their job description
me and my gf are very fit athletic both 21
why can you objectively say there are no monsters under the bed but not objectively say there is no hell ?
both have the same amount of evidence supporting them which is none .
glad i did n't considering the down votes you got .
yes i am in college i 'll be graduating in may !
and wow that 's great to hear honestly i 'm good with the conceptual stuff .
that 's more than i 've heard from most people .
my gpa is pretty low so i really want to crush it .
if you are bullish you are buying calls if you are bearish you are selling calls
i 'd stick to a reputable site like tirerack.com or something similar .
the essence of my question is whether that type of clause is forbidden in all contracts or just the ones involving human beings .
like could you have such a clause in a corp-corp contract .
the top track is the voicemail beeps waveform blown up so you can see it .
the bottom track is a couple of crosswalk beeps i recorded .
the beeps do n't match but look at the attack on the beeps .
one of these images has the voicemail audio reversed and one has it as recorded .
you 'll also want to leave some icsp pins on your board .
should you ever need to reset the bootloader or just run some simple diagnostics they 're a total lifesaver .
i would say most people would consider themselves antifa .
it 's not a real organization it just means you 're anti fascism which everyone protesting police brutality for example is .
it 's a term to demonize anyone protesting by lumping them in with rioters .
i do n't care if only 1 out of 5 early 00s are eboys that 's still a defining z thing .
they 're not millennials no matter how bad you want to twist it to be to fit your little narrative .
you just ca n't see or accept anyone elses point of view typical religious conservative smh
there are so many scenes that are piss your pants funny but only in the context of the show .
a junkie who is fucking up his life killing pets accidentally and beating his fiance is the set up for one of the most hilarious scenes in tv history .
you ca n't really explain that to people who have n't seen the show and have it be funny to them
let me know how that goes when you hit retirement and start drawing more out of social security than you put in or saved on your own .
if you believe this is a mistake please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fhardwareswap .
it 's not rooted in science in anyway and most credible medical organizations in the us and europe completely reject it .
i will say this i would love for somebody to intercept and third party test what is actually in there .
like a full on professional scientist with a lab etc .
of course it would have to be a secretive operation otherwise it 's a death sentence from big pharma for that person s
you 're not capable of leaving a specific comment thread ?
this whole post and you 'll keep coming back to me even though you do n't want to talk about that ?
the clip is n't nearly as interesting as your hilarious mindset .
you wanted to call a spade a spade and so do i your clip is n't relevant anymore .
and that 's a fault of your own previous conversation steering .
i already bought one and it was the last set from my local target
also to help out cook the toast at the lowest setting for half the time .
guns are discretionary and for the overwhelming majority of people a hobby .
two year olds do n't die from self inflicted gunshot in australia .
rendering a cityscape with a hundred npcs on screen at any time is a lot different than rendering a wilderness with the periodic animal .
thank you for posting this i love this game i 've been waiting to love a game this much since ds3 qnd i will continue to support cdpr they will fix it
state health officials reported 9,411 new cases and 94 deaths in tuesday 's pandemic update .
and with the holiday season experts expect cases to go on the rise again .
though of course people generally do n't trust these numbers .
i used to have thick wavy red hair down past my waist .
and then ask me where i got my hair colored .
i loved the look on their faces when i would say it comes out of my head that way . ''
the destiny vs vegan gains debate covered this idea pretty well
thank you sorry for all the questions but you 've been extremely helpful you know i 've worn corsets on and off for many years from late teens to now in my 20 's but i never took the time to learn about what a properly fitted corset means outside it 's fittings effect on the best results shelflife of the corset and comfort so the stuff i knew was things like what the laces should look like on the back when laced etc how to season a corset and why etc .
what kind of damage out side discomfort can compressing upper ribs do ?
the article you shared mentioned nerve damage on the hips when not rounded how would corset nerve damage manifest and would it effect the rib area too or is that area more prone to breakage ?
very short discussion posts are usually a sign of poor quality .
please try again with more in-depth text in your self post .
you will need to include text longer than 50 characters to get past the bot .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
i love the newness of the unknown the crew has .
trip is my favorite because he 's such a southern boy but smart .
t'pol is growing on me so its cool to see the early vulcan dynamic .
archer is gritty but willing to take on anything and finally the temporal wars are just damn fun
i will probably do this i shut off the router when i leave the house for extended periods of time .
i currently only have 3gb data for phone so i 'd probably need to up that before doing the test .
the first few weeks before i got internet i used my phone data for looking up stuff and otherwise i was reading books playing music or going on walks
you have until 12/17 08:23 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20201218t012359 .
u/thebattlersprince reply with normal squib or onside and your number .
the clock has stopped datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.kickoff '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' kebugy ''
careful the apologists come out of the woodwork any time you point out that there 's way more rulebreakers per capita '' among undergrads than the general population .
he 's an active duty man do n't demote him .
the one led by chad wolf the trump loyalist not even legally in his position ?
this but the dragging out of the white house version https i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/510/176/e33.jpg
if january 20th arrives and biden does n't want to risk trump trying to use more bogus claims to claim that biden attempted a coup against him before getting sworn in biden might have to get sworn at another location by the chief justice of the united states and then immediately fire the asses of all trump loyalists in organizations like the department of homeland security so the people under them do n't have to act like they give a damn and/or more importantly risk their cushy careers quintessential in us politics .
and then the secret service can drag trump out of the white house and into a jail .
i ordered dec. 11 it shipped dec. 14 and it 's supposed to arrive tomorrow 17th .
i cried for the clone bois deaths every single time .
my boyfriend has one and i think it 's super cute on him .
but i 've seen some that just make the guy look hella creepy .
not to mention that werewolves are gay men with aids and also basically makes one of two werewolves a child molestor .
not a single sci fi reward for a sci fi time travel themed season ... .
idk how to rank them so these are my 10 favourite juice wrld songs moonlight
right now i 'm feeling like i never want to draw again lol
does anybody know what size front wheel bearing a giant trance 2 2018 uses ?
the factory bearings do n't have any numbers on them and there is no detailed service manual available .
i just listed this a couple hours ago but did n't notice the gallery i created also had a pic of the american lawman i just sold so i deleted it so as to not cause confusion .
i am relisting with only the correct pics which i hope is ok .
the white mountain knives exclusive has black scales with a slight texture solving one of the biggest gripes i had about the original the extreme slipperiness of the scales .
the scales definitely are n't g10 grippy but they are not worryingly slippery like the basic code 4 scales are .
the tip is extremely robust but the aggressive hollow grind means its still a great slicer .
betterhelp http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=240174c p=12 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs licensed therapist for online counseling http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=240174c p=12 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs lees summit http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=240174c p=12 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs
betterhelp http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=f507ff2 p=12 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs licensed counselor work from home online http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=f507ff2 p=12 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs lees summit http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=f507ff2 p=12 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs
bluecrew http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=231d7fd p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs packaging attendant now hiring !
http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=231d7fd p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs bridgeton http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=231d7fd p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs
mercy http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=50096a4 p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs registered nurse opportunities at mercy joplin http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=50096a4 p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs oronogo http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=50096a4 p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs
paper transport http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=d96f615 p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs class a otr regional truck driver park at home http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=d96f615 p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs saint-joseph http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=d96f615 p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs
ptg logistics http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=199d2aa p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs class a cdl regional truck drivers 3k sign on earn up to 70k http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=199d2aa p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs saint-charles-county http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=199d2aa p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs
ptg logistics http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=21f178c p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs class a cdl regional truck drivers 3k sign on earn up to 70k http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=21f178c p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs saint-louis-county http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=21f178c p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs
mesilla valley transportation http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=51ffa34 p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs cdl a truck driver regional solo or team http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=51ffa34 p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs saint-peters http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=51ffa34 p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs
hogan transportation http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=c0601c2 p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs cdl a regional team truck drivers excellent pay weekly or bi-weekly home time http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=c0601c2 p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs adair county http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=c0601c2 p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs
hogan transportation http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=4a4fc1d p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs cdl a regional team truck drivers excellent pay weekly or bi-weekly home time http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=4a4fc1d p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs cole county http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=4a4fc1d p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs
hogan transportation http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=61cb6ab p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs cdl a regional owner operator truck driver excellent pay weekly or bi-weekly home time http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=61cb6ab p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs pettis county http redejobs.com/job.php ? j=61cb6ab p=13 s1=reddit s2=missourijobs
hey guys here are some recent job openings in mo .
feel free to comment here or send me a private message if you have any questions i 'm at the community 's disposal !
if you encounter any problems with any of these job openings please let me know that i will modify the table accordingly .
hey everyone i 'm new here so bear with me lol .
my first semester in college i was undergoing a lot of stress .
i had an event with an organization to where i had to stay with them for a week and this is the only reason i can think why this happened nothing harmful happened if any of y'all were wondering it was actually a great time and on top of that it was the end of the semester so i was cramming in so much last minute work .
at the end of my week with this organization i finally got to sleep in my bed oh the joy .
in the middle of the night tho i heard a disturbance so i woke up .
i noticed my bathroom door open light turn on and out walks a man from the organization let 's call him jim .
as he walks closer to my bed i can make out his figure but not his face due to the fact it 's blacked out with with what seems to be a shadow but i knew it was him due to the hat he was wearing along with his flannel he wore almost everyday .
as he was standing there i screamed jim what the f are you doing in my room its 3am .
as i stare at this black void of a face he sits on my desk and just keeps looking in my direction .
i look back at him for a few minutes just frozen .
after what seems like a few minutes passes i get up and walk close to him thinking i 'm gon na fight him for breaking in my dorm but as i got closer his black void of a face sucked me in and by the time i came back he was gone .
the bathroom lights were off but the door was open and i always close the door because my suite mate shared it with me and i did n't want him in my room when i was sleeping !
only reason i 'm typing this is for some damn answers because from what i heard lucid dreaming you ca n't move at all and it all felt so real .
and i had also been sober for a month prior so it couldnt have been any substances !
does anyone know what this could mean or why it happened ?
i 'm restarting bc i finished all the quests and started to get bored of what i had !
next im playing as an archer assassin but what should my story be ?
literally throw anything or what stories/roleplays you guys are playing as bc i have no clue
new to fishing trying to see the best type of fishing in my area fresh or salt anywhere i can find this out
that clones a part and tweens it but it only works in the client side .
how to i make it work in the server side .
i need help with a 1200 to 1300 usd build with a 2070 super
looking for a puppy but not sure where to start !
i 'm running a tablestuck dnd session with some friends and we randomly chose one of us to be the vriska '' of the session and it landed on my knight of breath character .
now at their worst i could see a kob going off on their own and making critical decisions or killing certain people without consulting the group doing it to protect them '' even without them asking but that seems more morally ambiguous then down right villainous .
come check out this last week of videos if you havent yet !
i 'm currently on a really bad internet connection around 250 kb/s and can not download patches in 5 minutes anymnore .
so when i log on with teamspeak running on my guildserver the launcher causes so much lag that i have to close ts and wait for the update to finish before i can talk to my friends again .
meanwhile other mmos update their game files via steam download that can be limited to a download speed that my connection can handle without problems .
i 'm a bit pissed that i have to wait for updates to finish whenever i want to start the game when there is a smooth alterative ready for implementation
what is probably the most common project people attempt on this sub ?
i 'm starting out at a new place but want to make it unique so i 'm looking for some cool ideas .
it can be in the yard downstairs wherever just a fun and unique project to work on .
i went on the epsn website to look at future events and everything says tickets coming soon .
i 'm assuming they are n't selling tickets during these times ?
i could n't find an official notice or comment on their site about this .
just some scrambled eggs for dinner and milk for breakfast .
the poop was so much that it was rising over the water .
it took 2 full flushes and a bigass bucket of water to get rid of it .
i loved peko pekoyama so much i had all the merchandise and body pillows .
i 'd pray to peko every night before i go to bed thanking for the life i 've been given .
peko pekoyama is love '' i would say peko pekoyama is life '' .
my dad hears me and calls me a faggot .
i knew he was just jealous for my devotion of peko .
he slaps me and sends me to go to sleep .
i lay in bed and it 's really cold .
she whispers in my ear do not say anything asinine '' .
she raised her bamboo sword with her graceful beautiful hands and had me on my knees .
it hurts so much but i do it for peko .
i can feel my skull fracturing into pieces as my eyes start to water .
she lets out a mighty battle cry as she stabs my neck .
peko looks him straight in the eye and says i was just following orders '' .
i think those seals are teva seals but maybe not the te could just mean temper-evident ''
i 'm not sure but i figure this is when they were rectangle pints not cylindrical .
it def had 4s too and i do n't know but a person or two who are pretty trust worthy ogs said there was maybe or are on the fence about 8s too.
u/backwoodwizard confirmed there was qualitest 8oz too but were heavily faked as well which matches up to what someone else said before .
i do n't know if they got discontinued pretty early like the act 8ozs .
would it be a good investment to get the ts1000 watt mars hydro for 240 over the vivosun 600 watt hps .
tbh i 'll be using them side by side but is it worth the 240
hi idk why but for some weird reason colbie caillats music used to irk me .
not her herself i 'm sure she is a devine lady .
but something about her music just made me feel weird .
like idek its not bad music its just ... idek .
and for some reason now it peaves me more cus they play it in walgreens and
cus it always sounded like it should be played at walgreens ! ! !
and now its actually played at walgreens and that just fucking confirms it and ajcuwodiieqociwjwociwoakckwufyqvwgeux83qiwicjwwn
p.s the weird feeling it gave me starts from my toes and i crinkle my nose
i finally found the video to the livestream and as of right now right now being the moment i am looking at it it says the livestream will begin in 21 hours which is approximately at 10:00 or 9:00 pm according to my location .
that aside will you be watching it when it airs ?
i 'm so excited i just received my first home brew kit from home brew ohio and m getting ready to brew my first batch of wine !
i was hoping to get some feedback on a good first fruit wine to make .
any tips are appreciated and i look forward to documenting my process here !
hello i am doing a project to design the highest weight war bow i can i was thinking joe gibbs 200 pound bow but made from black ronwood krugiodendron ferreum or madagascar rosewood dalbergia maritima backed with gaboon ebony diospyros crassiflora with recurved ends .
edit after more research i 've found the ipe is actually better at resisting mechanical failure under compression then black ironwood and that ebony is the strongest wood in terms of tensile strength .
i decided on an english longbow for ease of calculations .
however after doing the maths i believe i have over looked something but i do not know what here is the maths
belly ipe handroanthus spp compression strength parallel to the grain 949.36 kg/cm^2
back ebony diospyros celebrica tensile strength parallel to the the grain 2,319.03 kg/cm^2
total area of the bow cross section 20.27 cm^2 2 inches diameter .
therefor 10.114 cm^2 is ipe and 10.114 cm^2 is ebony .
to critically fail the ipe under compression it would require 10.114 × 949.36 9,601.83 kg 21,168.41 lbs weight .
and to critically fail the ebony under tension it would require 10.114 × 2,319.03 23,454.67 kg 51,708.7 lbs of weight .
thus for the whole shaft to snap it would require a draw strength of 9,601.83 23,454.67 33,056.5 kg 72,877.11 lbs
however only 9,601.83 kg 21,168.41 lbs of draw weight is required for a failure in the bow .
i feel like a 9,601 kg draw weight is ridiculously high which is good but its too high seems impossible .
if anyone can point out where i went wrong that would be helpful thank you
this is cross posted from the helluva boss sub reddit but is have relevance for this show too
i know in folklore imps were who the devil sent to serve witches as familiars where they would take the forms of black cats ravens etc
i wonder if that will ever figure into the show ?
i could imagine a scenario where some teen satanists perhaps they got a hold of stolas ' grimoire summon blitzo moxie and millie and they are forced to comply .
i wonder how each imp would handle the situation and what animal forms they would take ?
likewise sorcerers were also supposed to be able to summon demons to gain knowledge and perform specific tasks .
stolas himself was listed as such in the the lesser key of solomon
do you think any of the other demons in the show could be summoned ?
how do you think angel dust husker the rest would respond to this ?
a place for members of r/2077glitches to chat with each other
i killed the moose in vinland o yan do ' ne it did n't drop anything but leather and when i return to england the hunter 's hut does n't give me anything trophy head or credit ?
is it not officially one of the legendary animals ?
lean more towards girls but guys suck dick better .
do not want christmas plans except for the bramhin plushie
how do i add my inverter to my existing solar set up ?
i just tried to connect the positive to the bus bar and sparks flew so i got a little concerned .
the bus bar connects to the charge controller which is connected to the solar panels .
he made that just now 😭😭😭😭 he can do anything fr
so i am trying to transfer into a specialization program that i was n't aware of until halfway through this semester .
it has 10 prerequisite courses you must take to get accepted acceptance after first year and i will get 9/10 of those requirements in the fall/winter semester .
i am just wondering if i take the 10th pre req course for this program in the spring or summer can i still be admitted for this specialization for next year ?
if you have more insight and could pm me that would be great .
i need 17 more kills for the road hog triumph .
i thought you used to be able to spawn a pike whenever you wished in the garage area in thieve 's landing but that does n't seem to be the case anymore .
in applying for a vac scheme training contract do you think it 's a disadvantage for the applicant to disclose any of the learning differences mentioned above ?
regular dragons seem to have similarly pointy bits on them but never as weird looking..
i might never get an answer but i like hearing people 's thoughts .
i have it upgraded all the way but i 'm hesitant about taking a stab at it .
i am 22 years old and today i found out that my father has been illegally selling products associated with a well-established auto company under my name .
the auto company has sent me a letter informing me of the settlement .
my father and i share accounts for the sake of simplicity and saving money on subscriptions under my name i.e amazon and ebay .
i did not know that the products he was selling were illegal in any form .
i told him to immediately stop the sale of the items as well as gather any documentation and accounting of all sales .
the letter that the company sent me has the phone number of the attorney i must contact in order to discuss a resolution .
i am currently a student i barely have enough money to cover my living costs .
i am emotionally and physically tired but i need to take care of this so that i can cut off my ties with him .
i do n't know what my next move should be .
is there any way for this settlement to be solved in a way that it does not go on my public record ?
thinking about picking up a onegin m from mad beard mods after watching a couple reviews and need to get some real world experience/thoughts on it before i pull the trigger .
i know that they come from russia and only get made in batches so the wait could be awhile im looking for insight into daily usage or any problems people have had .
i will show first if u dont belive try your self
i recently got my girlfriend stardew and we want to play together on the same world but during the week our schedules dont meet so when she can play i cant and vise versa .
so i was wondering is there a way to play the coop world solo .
so when i have the time i can progress my character on the same world then when she has the time she can do the same with her character on the world .
and on the weekends we can play thogher and show the progress that we 've made .
hey there everybody i 'm just recently started thinking of building my own gaming pc .
i do n't have the funds to go all out on a 2k build .
i also want to start streaming later on realistically not anytime soon .
if anybody has any builds that 's fit my budget that would be really appreciated .
the wording on the steam page specifies that lotw is the first official expansion to age of empires ii definitive edition '' that implies to me that they have more planned down the line that adhere to this smaller expansion strategy .
if it is the case that might mean maybe a couple more small expansions to flesh out long requested parts of the world are in the pipeline which could actually be fitting since its hard to see how some places would need 4 entire civs to fit in for them .
so i 'm going to guess there will be a mini-expansion for india that might have long requested variation so its not just a singular indian civ to represent the whole sub-continent my guess for civilizations in that would be the cholas and the bengalis with the current indians more explicitly representing the delhi sultanate .
after that there could one for more african civs that were n't included in the game to that end i think the somali and either the kingdom of kongo or kanem-bornu would be the most obvious using the current african set .
finally if there a third one i could see an expansion for the states near china which could be featuring the jurchen who would later be known as the manchu and the tibetans but if that 's not politically hot alternatively there could also be thai .
i hope this is the last of the european civs ever added to the game with lotw honestly so sorry to poland but i do n't really know what they could do with them anyway to distinguish them from the slavs lithuanians and magyars .
some thing i really hope they can do is making the civs featured more distinctive based on their geography so maybe we could finally have african civs feature black villagers or make monks and trade carts relevant to their locations ie muslim civs have imams and use camel caravans .
am i the only one that 's just mad about cyber punk ?
i run a pc i can run it fine and no struggles but it 's unacceptable that they even released the game for 60 on last gen consoles and it be compared to 360 games ?
update even on next gen consoles or pc the game still does n't function smoothly .
weapons all feel the same vehicles are sluggish ai is terrible cops do n't chase you .
genuinely is there a good experience that comes with this game ?
update 2 from what i heard ps4 took it out of the play store and is offering refunds to customers that are unsatisfied which is well deserved
got my degree sorted out have plans to move to a city that does n't suck and i 've reconnected with one of my exes in a really positive way .
also i have about 20 new cuts on my body as of an hour ago .
i 'm tired of crying and feeling like there 's no future but i did n't feel like this a week ago .
literally last saturday i was talking to my friend about how happy i was and how much better i 've been ...
why was self harm my way out when it has n't been for months ?
i just wanted the thoughts to stop and now i have a headache and i know tonight if going to be worthless for sleep .
hello i formatted the hdd from windows 10 keeping the files only deleting the programs apps .
when installing minecraft dungeons again all my progress disappeared .
i submitted a ticket to minecraft dungeons support and they said there was nothing to do .
does anyone know of any way to fix this and go back to everything i had before ?
sorry about english it 's not my first language .
dude no one wanted a broken game ... the only ones who said release it already are childish man boys and while the minority they happen to be the most vocal .
hell delay the game another year ... we all wanted this game to succeed and cd project to continue to be a great developer ... ..they took a nose dive into ea territory .
do n't look at me like that abby big bro is n't a simp .
i 'm an indie polish maker and i sometimes have companies from ali express contact me to offer me products to resell either as black label or bottling my own product in their unique packaging .
it 's the same old stuff i see on social media everywhere .
i 've worked so hard for seven years now on building a brand and it annoys me to no end when i see people attempting to take the easy way by just buying cheap items and reselling them .
these items are definitely not quality and they 're not adding anything to the market so any potential customers are basically getting marked up crap and probably not-so-great customer service because many of these people know squat about owning and operating a business .
i think beauty products are now what clothing was a couple years ago .
inexperienced-in-business influencers buying cheap items and then opening an online boutique and attempting to sell a lifestyle brand .
but they all end up flaming out because these shops are a dime a dozen and they do n't know how to innovate or do all the other less fun things that owning a business entails .
wtf did i just read i do n't even know where to start
even worse when they 're allowed to aggressively target them in high schools
i could n't crosspost it so i reposted it i have given the credit
thiago is fucking shit in game ... . if you can rashford over werner
you 're looking for help translating not designing tattoos .
after all english-speaking tattoo artists are the ones responsible for many of the famous fuckups when it comes to this kind of thing lol .
fubotv has fox and fs1 in 4k but that 's no use for us spurs fans lol
easy they just got all the control and aggression points
2nd time this week i 've caught myself wondering does latex smell like ass or does ass smell like latex ?
i can manually drop the file and then download the files from machine cloud .
it 's sad that small bars and restaurants are closing .
but eating and drinking ca n't really be done with a mask on .
whats sad is that a lot of the people complaining about small businesses closing but walmart staying open are likely the people that keep shopping at walmart and not the other small businesses in their city that are n't bars and restaurants .
how many times do we have to teach you this lesson
i do n't want to eat for a week this bitch a whole hog lol
i ca n't wait to get together and enjoy some fresh air at the park .
i say we plan elaborate halloween costumes and several delicious desserts while we catch up .
i miss you sweetie and i 'm sending big hugs !
i like hockey beer and watching you cry because trump lost .
i was trying to hold myself back to make sure i started the recording so the first one got clenched haha
oh wait neither of his greatest accomplishments happened while woodson was on the raiders
i 've never tried the christophe robin paste i have very fine thin hair so this seems like the perfect product for me .
i said i noticed that the down vote train had started .
mate if i was following whiny redditors i 'd be buying the game at your encouragement .
i 'm really sorry for your loss and hope you will stay strong as well .
we 'll get through this and things will eventually get better .
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains or is not a direct link to an image on an approved host .
note that all users using imgur need to link directly to the image i.imgur.com/abcdefg.png not the html page imgur.com/abcdefg .
i.redd.it and reddituploads.com will not be approved as neither link directly to the image .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ass if you have any questions or concerns .
now i wo n't feel so bad when i have a low
you do n't have to be a college student to live abroad
urgot did n't even get to the point that would deal the damage kayle 's proximity aoe cast on the r killed him off before that interaction could commence .
but if it did she would have also lived ofc .
but this subreddit has created the liberal version of unbridled hate so there 's no stopping it .
definitely leaving the sub suggest you do the same .
you get called out on a clearly bias post and when you cite your work it turns out you 're wrong and you just decide to deflect and move on ?
let 's just say you are in no position to question anyone 's credentials .
it was fun dunking on you but i 'm moving on .
yeah right she went looking for shit and she found it .
no i know i was just wondering what you meant .
did you skip buying the game because of cowboy 's guides ?
the defensive tackle does a great job of collapsing the pocket and brings the quarterback down for a loss of 5. ! https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20gainpassnegative message=the 20defensive 20tackle 20does 20a 20great 20job 20of 20collapsing 20the 20pocket 20and 20brings 20the 20quarterback 20down 20for 20a 20loss 20of 20 7bnegativeyards 7d .
it 's 2nd and 15 on the prairie view a amp m 20 .
your mean line is generous i 'll give you that .
you should really detail a comment explaining what you 're doing here also your pricing channel looks different what program are you using ?
sniff sniff do n't remind me ... oh wait we can summon him back but still
kyle morris ' master plan at the golf room everywhere !
it even comes with a free online lesson with your personally assigned coach .
erza does n't have trust issues with her guild but everyone did n't know about her and jellal when mystogan made his first appearance .
she explained it to them during the toh arc .
erza might have gotten used to mystogan 's sleep spell and might not mind respecting his privacy but i was talking about natsu .
if he was so bent on becoming stronger constantly challenging people like erza and laxus later on even gildarts would he not be as curious if not more than laxus to find out about mystogan ?
i ca n't quote anything coz it was so far back but i 'm pretty sure they said that they did n't like having been put to sleep when mystogan came in .
if i 'm not wrong it was levy jet gray and elfman .
the point is n't whether mystogan would hurt them they know that even so they do n't like being put to sleep in like 10 secs .
also makarov was actively resisting even so he was drowsy .
yes .its like galantmon without chaosmon.but because ur team are full offense i think u pretty much get 2 shot thanks to galantmon dodge if met someone have speed higher than u
i like the oled version better but i 've been having to deal with replacing the display that cracked not long after finally getting a vita ...
if my attempt to fixing my vita fails i may just get the later model if i still want to play the games that my ps tv officially ca n't .
i do n't know man your mechanic does n't charge you 20x more because he has to use an impact wrench
you amortize the cost of the equipment with your pricing if you have better tools you can offer a better service and have higher prices in general
as we 've seen with trump an incremental pushing of the bar of what is acceptable in society can yield desensitization in the long run .
this definitely seems like a topic that spans the populist horseshoe of the political spectrum and could yield some bipartisan support down the road .
i realize now my humor is darker then midnight mode
so what you 're saying is that you 're judging the believers of scientology regardless of whether or not they truly believe in it .
even if it is all a scam so is joel osteen raking in millions from his mega churches yet the worshippers that attend them still have a constitutional right to do so .
if you 're going to selectively blind yourself to the complete horseshit of every other religion to excuse your persecution of scientologists then i 'd say you 're the one that actually does n't care about religion .
every time i drive up to sandstone peak i see people climbing those mountains and my legs hurt just watching .
if sound is not working on this post please click here https old.reddit.com/r/motorboat/wiki/index to find out how to get sound for this post .
help improve this subreddit by replying to this comment and let us know what you are using to browse this post .
please comment if you are using iphone android or pc .
if using a phone please list the app being used .
if on pc please list the browser type you are using .
the data you provide will be added to the wiki located here https old.reddit.com/r/motorboat/wiki/index .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/motorboat if you have any questions or concerns .
we all share the same passion for starwars in the end
is that the third one in the dueling peaks ?
cause it looks like the one on the ground there is missing
dude they got caught with their pants down and now you 're glad ?
but i was just buying the cheapest one so i could get the challenge done faster
return the 3600 and pickup a 10400/f with z490 pcie4 ready mobo .
it should cost you the same and give you more gaming perf .
moreover you will not have to mess with the executable if you play cyberpunk for optimal perf .
lmao no and it wont be the last the greedy bastards
it looks like there 's a grey owl doing a gollum like covetous pose at the top of his wing
i 'm from new england and i know some dunkins have sweet tea i have seen it on our pos and have heard coworkers talk about it but we do n't carry sweet tea where i live .
we just have unsweetened tea and unsweetened green tea and sweeten it with liquid sugar or other sweeteners upon request .
i just found it interesting to see dunkin sweet tea since i 've never seen it myself !
i have an npc in my game that lose a limb earlier in the story .
he has since taken up living with some fae and last my players saw they fashioned him a prosthetic arm made from roots and bark .
this submission https www.reddit.com/r/saltierthancrait/comments/kf5pvr/has_this_been_posted_here_yet_its_got_a_bit_of has been removed for being a repost of a recent submission .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/saltierthancrait if you have any questions or concerns .
i played tent '' under a sheet with a 1 year old for over an hour today .
i 'm so bored and i 'm so ready to get back to going on adventures !
but you would want a baby on the same floor as your bedroom .
like i said the core of this game is tremendous and i honestly see potential for it to be one of my favourite games ever .
but there 's just such a lack of fun experiences for me when i play pubs due to a range of issues .
hardpoint playlist is the only thing relatively consistently fun and even then i get a lot of lobbies that make me want to commit
the cops were trying to figure that out too .
the cops went into the first interview with jay thinking it probably was a second degree/accident type of thing .
that 's normally what happens in relationship type disputes .
however once they hear the story from jay they arrest adnan they see the i will kill note the extra phone they also talked with krista who said the ride request was that morning .
put all those together and now the cops are thinking this is a planned murder .
their questioning of jay changed and were wondering what his relationship with adnan really was .
idk i live in us so i am completely cheated out of the entire thing .
it was an elderly person barricaded in his house on n. madison .
of listings 1 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=author 3a 22gigsome 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on feature=legacy_search no .
of reviews 18 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=flair 3areview 20title 3a 22gigsome 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on
q i am getting an error message stating 'not enough space ' but i have not subscribed to any mods yet .
a consoles only have limited space usually 1gb for mods .
you may need to check what you have installed on your console and remove some things to find the space .
also some of the focus home mods are close to 1gb big so you may only be able to have 1 mod installed at a time due to the space limitation .
for everything else please report to the game 's developers focus home interactive directly support focus-home.com
yep but there is something wrong with my set up cause the localisation works when i put it in the main games file
this has been going on ‘for a while ' so is there a reason you did n't do individual and family therapy when james got diagnosed ?
it 's pretty obvious that kevin is struggling with james ' illness losing his best friend and playmate and the amount of time that has to be dedicated to kevin probably at his expense .
he does n't need his presents given away and to be continuously punished he needs help adjusting and dealing with his feelings he needs a freakin therapist
do you imagine women to rip their eyes out after they saw a naked man ?
i did it before i had flying unlocked there you just walk into the cave ...
we ca n't clone it from the bones or material in the bones .
nta but you kept it going for too long after he said
you 're not an artist you 're a monster . ''
another option is to quote a crazy high price sure i will do it however it will cost 50k so probably best you go somewhere else ''
if he 'd spend less time being a scum eating weasel stealing from the american people and constantly basting himself in a stew of lies he would n't need so much water pressure to get clean .
too bad there 's no amount of water that can wash that away
yeah seems like almost all of the famous men were involved .
we need a special forces team to hunt them all down like nazi leaders who hid after ww2 .
had mine done last week and it 's still puffy .
legal problems if they sold the game as a working product ''
no it sounds like cdpr literally came to sony and said anyone who wants to process a refund can have one '' and sony came back and said thats an unimaginable amount of work on their end so for the time being we are going to completely de-list the game until you get your shit sorted out .
it 's the holiday season so most stores have an extended return policy like best buy .
anything bought after october 13 and before december 2 can be returned by jan16 with no issues .
yeah that would raise flags since many stores were restricting to one unit per billing address .
yeah we let them out during the day when we are around and they walk back in when the sunsets .
but if we are n't in the immediate area they will get eaten the foxes just wait for the moment we step somewhere else to grab one
i ended up leaving my sunroof cracked about 2 inches before a snowstorm a few years ago .
there was a nice little ridge of snow across the front seats but not too bad .
the snow and ice jammed the tracks and caused the roof to reverse and open all the way dumping all 8-9 inches of snow on the glass into my car .
then it snowed in more in the 15 minutes it took me to clear the tracks and get the roof shut .
i probably looked pretty funny driving around in a t-shirt with the heat on max trying to dry the interior out as best i could .
if you have sophos on an ep or server maybe create a forensic snapshot of any machine you are most concerned about just to preserve as much history as possible should it be needed .
i feel sorry for the kid having a meathead father like him .
oh i was under the impression that they are one and the same but what do i know ? ?
why do n't you lift the sanctions on it then ?
people are stupid in todays world and desire the 'racecar ' look .
nobody you see with stickers outside of nascar your local circle track or f1 is making any money off sponsorship .
i do n't think any of these picks would get confirmed even with a democratic senate .
unc0ver rootfs restore will work but only if the device is on a version that unc0ver can jailbreak which is 12.0-12.4.8 and 13.0-13.5 .
if it 's on a later version it wo n't work since it does n't have a tfp0 exploit for the version .
most likely a decision and since we have n't seen any rejections from them yet it 's probably an acceptance !
that externally mounted raceway for the electrical is ugly as sin p
man i really like this game but jfc i do n't know the last time i saw a game this buggy .
harden and embiid gon na be a monster duo .
skill in a game does not make you good at balancing or designing that thing .
pros can be good at those things but it 's not something that comes with being a pro player .
i imagine if you asked kennys or guardian what they think would make the game better they would want the awp to be more impactful even though it already is .
because people think changes that benefit their personal play style are good and ones that do n't are bad .
it would be inside the breaker box/panel itll look like a wider circuit breaker with a little test button on it .
when you try to reset it you should feel resistance and feel it click as it resets.. if a breaker or rcd doesnt show any resistance chances are it has n't reset and is faulty or there is a permanent fault that the rcd is stopping you from resetting .
wtf with all the kiddos on youtube doing so called stock analyst like on pltr ... fucking teenager doing analyst like they been trading for 15 years 😅😅
looks nice imo try to get a shorter haircut especially on the sides to show off the jaw
it was in a 3v1 and my teammate was feabagging
i 'm trying to control 20 or so 24v rgb led strips across 160ft or so .
i decided to use the ws2801 chip found in those little individually addressable strips so i can pass only 2 data lines 24v and gnd and use their super easy library .
first in the top left corner i just step the 24v down to 5 for the logic level stuff .
it 's then passed into the actual ws2801 which pwm switches the mosfets which are tied high .
the ws2801 also has data and clock in/out going to some screw terminals and the necessary pins tied to ground including the pol pin which inverts the output so i can use pulled up mosfets .
i 'm going to be using a copper area mask across the whole top face for all the ground connections just left it out for visibility .
lem me know if you find anything that 'll mess me up .
edit particularly with the schematic i cant really test it 😬
had the same problem after an gpu pc ddu did the trick for me .
i absolutely know that inventors and scientist are not doing it because they are atheists.. ''
atheism is literally just a lack of belief in gods .
what does anyone do because they 're an atheist ?
im looking on opinions for a second abyss team i built up c0 xinyan cuz i really like her but the dmg is not that great so im thinking maybe switching her to a support role the other chars i have are
if businesses are shut down then many more people permanently lose jobs .
jackie has a really great nervous bouncy leg as well .
i had heard that vaccines are generally a dead or inert version of the virus and when they had said they do n't inject you with a dead virus i had assumed that meant it was a live virus .
but i guess with mrna vaccines it 's just the pure genetic code of the virus with none of the machinery '' that they use to attach/infect cells ?
yes whenever i watch the boost it resets after 4 hours .
ahhhh must resist ahhhhh i am stronger then thi ... ... .. ahhhhhhhhh boop the babys and pet and scratch the mother i muuuuuuuuust
so wait for a review and maybe think about how fishy that is .
ga poslušam brez skrbi ampak žal val 202 ni edini radio v sloveniji in ne predstavlja celote .
če val 202 predvaja veliko slo pesmi še ne pomeni da jih ostali radiji predvajajo .
je dolgočasna ima neke oddaje namesto glasbe morajo plačevati rtv prispevek itd .
karkoli že ljudje rečejo in potem raje prestavijo na kak bedn radio center ki nonstop vrti ene in iste komercialne pesmi vsak dan .
drug problem je pa še ta da večina radijev raje kupijo že pripravljene playliste ki jim servirajo določene založbe in potem to furajo nonstop namesto da bi sami določal kako glasbo bodo predvajal zato recimo slišiš na večina radijih eno in isto glasbo .
this reads like the last chapter of ulysses holy fuck
pujara said yesterday he 'd be happy if india bat a major part of the first session .
joke 's on him third session and india are still batting
he has a lot of mobility you mean the same kind as thresh with hexflash or alistar with hexflash ?
come on are you really arguing that hexflash coupled with his 30 ms makes his mobility unbearable ?
hexflash is used as a surprise tool not mobility lmao .
he 's balanced right now and was balanced in summer already his last adjustment was in 10.18 .
he just needed some adjustments on numbers and now he 's a good simple champion .
my brokerage account is all individual stocks and i 'm up 52 ytd outperforming the dija and s p 500 .
swing trade otcmkt companies for an overall ytd return of 400 .
i take those profits and reinvest into large caps .
take that time and opportunity for due diligence and increase that risk .
etfs and mfs have their place but so do individual securities .
i 'd be happy to share my holdings and 's if you 're interested
i did n't realise that 's how they spelled all '' these days
well i refunded it yesterday despite it running absolutely fine on my pc because cdpr shafted the console players .
a dick move is a dick move no matter who is on the receiving end .
i 'm here in the uk and would love to receive them and would happily pay for your postage costs !
this looks so real and edited at the same time
well if you only need the extension for specific sites i 'd suggest installing another copy of edge alongside the one s you use install the extension only in that version and use that version just for watching video streams .
that way you wo n't have to keep enabling and disabling the extension .
covid i do n't want to be stopped to answer any questions i want to get back to my car asap if you have an amazon app or alexa you get an alert it was delivered if you write to ring the doorbell on the instructions i 'll ignore it .
i like how the title of that thread is just all caps buzzwordsalad .
it should n't have been advertised as being able to .
you would n't accept a smart car when you 've ordered a aston martin now would you ?
we know the american pronunciation because of the sheer volume of american media exported .
how would the average american understand the british pronunciation of tomato ?
see this is a shining example on why the whole it 's either me or them '' ultimatums rarely ever work ...
you nanishark should have posted option to its it's the best instead .
‘its ' is possessive ‘it 's ' means ‘it is ' or ‘it has ' .
if you think the errors which i found are incorrect please contact me through dms or contact my owner elitedamyth !
not completely unintentional i had that map in mind as a companion to this one .
probably afraid of losing reqders/viewers if they were honest about a game everyone hyped into oblivion .
two difficulties easy gives you a helmet with atk hard gives you killers .
that 's allot of heresy but is all forgiven as they 're not a threat anymore !
as your post has been marked as a pc bug or question we 'd ask that you direct it to one of our megathread for bugs issues questions https redd.it/kdjq1j
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cyberpunkgame if you have any questions or concerns .
can u take me to moses or fill me in plz .
and the egyptians have some idea of the hebrew god from stories of joseph saving them from famine
my exercises were opened as folders and not as projects .
hahaha i bet she thought she had a real solid news piece after that !
journalism has become click bait in general once upon a time it was a respected profession .
in the camera part of the description it says pro video feature has been enhanced .
why does capricorn run away from gemini ... to get to their other side ...
so i lose a bit of privacy but hey what do i have to hide from sla ?
i never need a watch and always know how much credit i have .
'' it 's a side effect of the chip .
discussion between james bowness and dr huffarr following chip fitting .
i constantly play it for my my 6 year old .
i really like the dark contrast that is something you ca n't achieve with a graphite pencil .
that 's why i am so glad the ip seems to be in better hands now .
swimming pools are chlorinated to kill everything living in the water .
chlorine is not healthy as a gas to breathe in not exactly healthy in the water either but it gets into more places as a vapor .
thorough showering before entering a sauna and preferably without the swim suit .
covering everything with a clean towel is a good choice .
oh my bad i was referring to an 'extention ' not an actual app but i use kiwi browser on my phone to get the extension .
thats like somebody going to the mets and saying that nyc is their city .
they heavily advertised this game for last gen consoles .
how are you blaming the consumer right now for them being deceived by cdpr ?
it is fully cdpr 's fault not the consumer who does n't have a 2k gaming pc .
no one cares what specs you have and no one asked you dick .
celtics are the worst but the warriors are a close 2 .
i am new to the game and i ca n't find a link to the mod anywhere .
i use maps.me which is free and can be used offline .
it 's much more basic than komoot but does the job for navigation .
you just need to convert the gpx files to kml which you can do online .
lol yeah i 'm right there with you and reading it again it does hit a certain way .
i almost feel dirty for my first comment now .
i get that a lot when i tell the story .
morale https en.wiktionary.org/wiki/morale '' means the capacity of people to maintain belief in an institution or a goal or even in oneself and others ''
we would like to remind any new users that r/dykesgonewild is a subreddit for lesbian bisexual and queer women to share nsfw pictures of themselves and to admire each other .
in the wide wonderful landscape of the many gonewild subreddits this is the only one exclusively made for queer women .
we ask that those of you who are outside this subreddit 's purpose please be understanding of the space we are trying to make .
new lesbian/bi users a big gay welcome to our community !
and if you 're worried about staying safe fake accounts or receiving unwanted messages ?
new interested in joining the private version of this subreddit ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dykesgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funsized if you have any questions or concerns .
well i fly the ta154 p-38 and p-61 will definitely be above you
a friend revealed to me that his favourite star wars movie is attack of the clones .
it is very annoying but i thing hypixel duels trys to match you with somebody with similar ping
my name is spoky and im the fastest builder alive .
i can trade for the 6 for the ultra beasts .
looking specifically at the celesteela so i can do 2 for that one .
to prevent spam trolling accounts with low karma are not allowed to post in r/lipsthatgrip .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to post here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose karma limits .
we do not make exceptions so please do not ask .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lipsthatgrip if you have any questions or concerns .
my therapists have all been in agreement that nc was for the best .
oh no worries a wwiii would go down fairly quickly if nukes were involved .
yeah but those are n't part of the templates .
you replace them with something else for the meme .
you know that 1500 per hour escort that dan crenshaw followed ?
who pays 10k for a day with an escort ?
it 's like my hearing suddenly became crystal clear .
i can hear all these details in songs now and it just sounds muffled on the default settings .
massa is unaffected by the nerfs to manual secondaries since you dont take that on the us premiums
the only time taking mansec is a bad thing is when you are at like 3km range vs a bb or ca which is not at all where you want to be in a usn bb .
anyways great singing imma leave and skip the drama keeping singing u have a great voice
exactly i do n't get how people do n't get this .
we talked about santa and the kids got presents from santa but i never actually tried to get them to believe in santa and i would never lie about it .
she said thought he was n't real and she could answer reasonably when i asked her why she thought that .
i told her she was right but that it is more fun to figure it out on your own so not to tell her friends .
and we could still pretend santa was real just for fun .
my disabled son was about 14 when he figured out what santa did and santa was his favorite character for years and years .
your first sentence made me think you might enjoy the dad how do i https www.youtube.com/c/dadhowdoi '' youtube channel .
great guy and he gives a lot of advice on similar topics .
maybe less safety oriented but a lot of good home maintenance videos aimed at the kind of thing you might as your dad if he was still around .
oh i know but they are losing out on sales .
you see the game will still be sold in stores and they make less of a profit that way .
so literally they have made it to where they make less money on a game that is being fixed
i will try and see which one idea works for my pea-brain i am still trying to use affinity i do n't know if the ipad version of photoshop is worth using
as your post has been marked as a question we 'd ask that you direct it to one of our megathreads below which should help you get an answer !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cyberpunkgame if you have any questions or concerns .
my moms jewish and i 'm missing hanukkah right now ... it 's bs
this confirms it landed near the edge of the pad not right in the middle like lots of people are saying for some reason .
quick edit ... . wtf is with the downvotes ?
does no one on reddit have any sense of humor any more ?
queue up the tourists pretending to be holding it up with their hands
the issue is they do n't want anything more than to watch a fifteen second video on tiktok .
that short amount of content did n't exist when i was a kid a 20 minute show was the shortest possible content i could consume .
hell i think even games are getting easier and easier to play and solve because the newer generations ca n't do the problem solving that was expected .
or maybe i 'm just now to above what they are designed for .
anyway this is the danger of calling out the vaccines from china russia without things to properly back it up .
people are quick to criticize sinovac when it temporarily halts trials because of unforeseen side effects when it is literally the same as with oxford astra etc .
the focus should have been that they administered and announce the efficacy without properly finalizing phase 3 trials .
pero overall vaccines are one of the most heavily regulated industries and products globally and undermining that trust further will not help things at all .
pero di din naman yan ang punto ni salvana he just wants to be the smartest guy in the room so fuck him .
but pressed k9s are pretty obvious in my experience .
just checked mystic intellect is going for 35 shipped on tcgplayer so really it almost is n't even worth getting it at wal mart to then sell the extortionist for 37 and taking a net loss buying the 45.99 wall mart precon that is the price where i live lol
hi looks like your post 's title has n't complied with rule 5 regarding our formatting and has been removed .
you are required to tag your post as following platform estimated year title of post '' .
as a dumb robot i am only looking for the square brackets surrounding your text and not the text itself .
i 'm not very smart and your formatting of your title must contain both the platform and the estimated year and those two things must be enclosed in square brackets to give context to your fellow solvers .
you can always come back here to your post and your previously submitted content will not be lost .
you are welcome to copy paste your content and make another post with the corrected title .
if you are for any reason unable to do this or you wish to make a post you feel should be exempt from rule 5 you may always feel free to contact the moderators from the link below .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tipofmyjoystick if you have any questions or concerns .
or for an easier version you can fill a small container i have some mini jam jars that work great with hot saltwater and hold that against it .
witch hazel or diluted apple cider vinegar might help but imo the saltwater is gentler .
i have some of those advanced healing '' bandages that i cut to fit after the cyst has popped or early on if you catch it while it 's tiny and they seem to help also .
sincerely apologize i should 've looked that up beforehand .
i was going off my hazy childhood memory did n't mean to offend .
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/18nsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
assume things you put on the internet are available for anyone to find .
that 's how the internet works especially with piracy and stolen content/“leaks nowadays .
980k was the lowest 2 days ago up to 997k now .
every one should at least deploy and quit for the free gems and resources .
a full capture of the map on normal mode is also enough for the 500k fairy and probably enough to place top 50 or better .
pretty good for a monthly manga with a sporadic release schedule all things considered .
this notebook features the quote this is a sick business .
it 's so sad on the cover it 's perfect for anyone to record ideas or to use for writing and note-taking .
it can be used as a notebook journal or composition book .
108 pages high quality cover and 6x9 '' inches in size .
how come there 's not enough rule 34 of celestialsapien i mean you all talk about and including me only 2 images exist
i 've been really enjoying my potv one and have been playing around with volumes and temp .
what 's surprised me is that my favorite combination thus far has been filling the chamber only 1/3 or 1/2 the way and heating it only to 350 .
based on what i 've read ... with such a small chamber and low heat i 'm genuinely surprised by how good the effect is .
there seems to be diminishing returns if i fill the chamber more than 1/2 and heat it above 350 .
am i missing something or is this just a personal preference ?
so i 'm on desogestral mini pill and is bleeding normal like not enough to need a pad but after going to the toilet and wiping there 's blood on the tissue ?
i have a private glory-hole set up for clean cocks at my house near tcu .
love sucking a loaded cock till it explodes in my mouth .
i 'll worship your cock nice and slow till you ca n't help but bust a big nut for me to swallow .
dm for details and contact info via kik or email .
i have seen a few videos on how to get mods and addons by using mc addons and getting the mods from mcpedl.com so i 'm wondering is it safe to use it
if anyone knows please tell me because i want to know before i try
no suits made of nylon for tiny humans that are n't expressly labeled and decorated for the adult dimorphism they wo n't express for 15 more years .
what 's worse the boy '' suits seem to be better made .
we love board games and my coworker and her partner have been our small bubble this year .
so far we have catan plus traders and barbarians pandemic azul sequence and many smaller card games .
thinking about buying myself a copy of betrayal of house on the hill soon .
i 'm looking for a new or couple new games to introduce .
it kinda of started working again but byond games tab does not load and my ss13 tab does not load .
i can still use it to join servers saved to bookmarks .
also since the latest update dreamdaemon crashes as soon at is starts a game .
have tried re-downloaded and compiling the game but same thing happens .
i do n't really find the song that good and just super over played and over hyped .
edit 2 after reading comments and listening to different versions of the song i retract my statement and will change it to that i just do n't like the pentatonix version .
demographic palestinian male from the bay area a rising senior low income
intended major applying for sociology philosophy political science or economics depending on the school
uw/w gpa 3.48 3.83 have a very valid extenuating crisis why my gpa is this way
aps 6 aps total 2 junior year apush and aplang both scored 3s .
senior year courseload ap literature ap environmental studies ap government ap phycology pre-calculus and peer tutoring .
essays everyone who has looked over them really enjoyed them
team captain of my school jv football team for a year
started and run a successful ebay business making over 5 figures so far
founder and president of my schools business and economics club
interned at a local law office for the past three summers and received the best intern award there 2 years in a row
up-cycle thrifted clothing to create environmentally conscious clothing that was donated to people of low income
script writer for a youtube channel that has gained over 1.5 million views
i know these are long shots but i hope i can get into at least one of these colleges
much the same as you wash your standard garments it 's essential to give your riding gear an incidental cleanup also .
what 's more it 's not just a periodic wash that you should know about .
there are steps that you need to trail each ride to keep your riding gear perfect and in immaculate condition .
thus here 's how you can go about it https www.truegether.com/categories.html .
buy all the required authentic motorcycle accessories https www.truegether.com/category/1/automobile/motorcycle-accessories/9111c4c3-ee62-4ff8-b487-cb7b9e560646 .
after each ride wide down the outside of the cap with a soggy material .
on the off chance that you do this after each ride you wo n't have to utilize any sort of synthetics to eliminate bugs or residue that have been set on your head protector after some time .
furthermore utilizing any sort of synthetic on head protectors is a major no-no .
you ought to likewise let some circulation into your protective cap after each ride before putting away it .
infrequently you ought to likewise eliminate the liner from inside and give it a hand wash .
try not to plonk it in the clothes washer as it would get harmed .
wash it flush it and dry it in the shade .
it is a buy and sell marketplace https www.truegether.com .
much the same as your cap let some circulation into your riding coat and jeans before putting away them .
all the perspiration requires to be dried out with the goal that your riding gear does n't smell whenever you use it .
contingent upon your use you ought to likewise wash your riding gear .
if you ride regularly in dusty and sweat-soaked conditions we propose you wash your stuff once a fortnight .
why always stick to ebay let 's go for an ebay alternative https www.truegether.com/ebayalternative.html .
to do such eliminate all the defenders and liners .
the defenders should n't be washed though the liners can be washed independently .
much the same as your head protector liner wash your coat and riding pants by hand to try not to harm them .
on the off chance that you utilize material gloves simply wash them like all your other riding gear .
nonetheless the vast majority use cowhide gloves and if you do as well we propose an alternate everyday practice .
air them out like your other stuff yet do n't wash them .
all things being equal there are isolated cleaning specialists for cowhide things so utilize those .
utilize a calfskin conditioner too as it will keep the cowhide of the gloves delicate .
it is a site where can i sell my stuff online for free .
this is n't pertinent just for gloves however the entirety of your other cowhide riding gear also .
so if you utilize a cowhide coat do n't go dunking it in a container of water .
riding boots are anything but difficult to clean yet very hard to dry .
scour them utilizing a mellow brush and ensure when you forget about them to dry you have opened the top surface however much as could be expected .
you do n't have to utilize the hot air work for this .
simply blowing normal air will effectively circulate air inside .
when all your stuff is spotless and dry you 'll need to store it .
also we propose that you do such in a dry spot .
on the off chance that you leave it in the open it will lose its uprightness quicker .
search for a ventilated spot to store your stuff on the off chance that you use it ordinarily .
in any case on the off chance that you are putting away it for a significant stretch search for a hermetically sealed spot .
if you liked the blog then check this http blog.truegether.com .
this notebook features the quote chance my dear is the sovereign deity in child-bearing on the cover it 's perfect for anyone to record ideas or to use for writing and note-taking .
it can be used as a notebook journal or composition book .
108 pages high quality cover and 6x9 '' inches in size .
i was doing well at the start of 2020 then well 2020 happened .
between lockdown health scares and financial issues i lost motivation and stopped trying to lose weight .
i know these are n't good reasons rather than a valid excuse and i wish i had kept myself together better .
i still fasted at work but started eating normally when i had days off which was more often than usual .
usually when i am not actively dieting my weight stabilizes around 255 pounds .
but right now after not trying very hard for 8 months i was 220 .
i have started my efforts again and that weight dropped off in two weeks .
i have never maintained a weight loss this well before .
this really gives me hope that once i hit goal i 'll be able to stay there .
i 'm back to actively losing again and now i 'm more hopeful than ever .
i am now certain that if is helping me make changes that will last for the rest of my life .
does anyone know if the snow will cover the entire map because we 've reached the amount of snow the leaks said we would get we have n't had an increase in snow since the beginning of the event but some of the locations names are changing so im not sure if that means we are getting snow there .
is there any way to go back to latest stable version of miui 11 on my poco f1 without having to lose all my files or saving them on a pc ?
moved my raspberry pi 4 8gb to 64bit 5.4.79-v8 kernel due to frequent oom on 32bit kernel .
it has been rock solid since then running almost 24 docker container on it without any more memory issues .
only thing missing is the wireguard for obvious reasons not i can not build dkms wireguard module for a 64bit kernel with a 32bit userland .
i can try to cross-compile it on my x86\_64 system as well need some documentation .
hello i want to ask you to fix my server because it does not let me and writes me login failed and even now does not let me in .
hello i started playing nxb ninja tribes like 2 weeks ago and i was wondering if it is worth to buy the from the blessing shop or should i save my shinocoins ?
ohh man edgar is here but🥺 brawl stars is n't opening servers are down anyone else waiting eagerly for the problem to be solved ... ... ..
i thought my brawl stars crashed but then i google and came to know brawl stars is down today what else to see in 2020 google down-youtube down and not my fav brawlstars too ... ..😔
i tried ordering a breakfast burrito and customized it to add extra cheese and it cost extra and the app did n't work so i ordered it and asked for extra cheese and he told me that the burritos are premade so he ca n't do that .
so what do you do when someone customizes to add things you 're unable to ?
i am starting my part 3 towards qualifying after the new year .
i am very pleased with the practice i work with hardworking and talented team supportive directors .
what is the norm in uk architecture practices when it comes to part 3 studies support ?
it tends to vary depending the size of the practice for example a medium practice would cover the tuition fees and give an extra 10 days of study leave .
shop from the broad range of sneakers for men available in all sizes .
discover our latest men 's sneakers collection exclusively on https outoff.co/collections/sneakers .
for any queries call us on 1 302 401 1422 .
i 'm having mixed feelings about it so i just wan na see y'all perspectives
console exclusives games that are also on pc and/or mobile but not on other consoles in italics .
nintendo exclusives games that are only on nintendo platforms in bold .
for those looking at this list and not sure what 's likely to be noteworthy i have compiled a page for noteworthy releases in december https old.reddit.com/r/nintendoswitch/comments/k3opjn/december_2020_noteworthy_releases_on_switch .
please give them a look if you want to see what games are likely to be some of december 's highlights !
as for the full list of upcoming games here you go
defense corp|q4 2020 developer comment on reddit https old.reddit.com/r/nintendoswitch/comments/eckb6l/defense_corp_earth_a_fast_paced_fps_trying_to_get/fbd33iy ? context=3
metal revolution|q4 2020 official announcement on new game expo live stream via gematsu https www.gematsu.com/2020/06/metal-revolution-coming-to-ps4-xbox-one-and-switch-in-q4-2020
signs of the sojourner*|late 2020 official trailer https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=vlx_xsibt3o
king of seas|holiday 2020 official trailer https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=snxs8hdzdgm
lords of exile|2020 official website http www.squidbitworks.com/press-kit official trailer https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=4hngckfj4vu
nyx the awakening|2020 official reveal teaser https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=pgxhxqlbdvy official website https nyxthegame.com
olympic games tokyo 2020 the official videogame|2020 official website https www.olympicvideogames.com/us
pillars of eternity ii deadfire|2020 interview with developer https www.gamereactor.eu/video/463743/pillars+of+eternity+ii+deadfire+lance+james+interview
purrtato tail by the light of the elderstar|2020 or when it 's done '' official fact sheet http press.drunkrobotgames.com/sheet.php ? p=a_purrtato_tail_-_by_the_light_of_the_elderstar
werewolf the apocalypse heart of the forest|1/11/21 nintendo.com https www.nintendo.com/games/detail/werewolf-the-apocalypse-heart-of-the-forest-switch
the world the game complete edition|1/14/21 official twitter post https twitter.com/ubisoft/status/1304140239489896449 official facebook post https www.facebook.com/49491894003/posts/10158794627774004
atelier ryza 2 lost legends the secret fairy|1/26/21 nintendo.com https www.nintendo.com/games/detail/atelier-ryza-2-lost-legends-and-the-secret-fairy-switch
re zero –starting life in another world the prophecy of the throne|1/29/21 nintendo.com https www.nintendo.com/games/detail/rezero-starting-life-in-another-world-the-prophecy-of-the-throne-switch
wings of darkness|2/25/21 official press release via gamasutra.com https www.gamasutra.com/view/pressreleases/371276/wing_of_darkness__coming_to_playstation_4nintendo_switchpc_steam.php
astrodogs*|february 2021 developer post on reddit https old.reddit.com/r/truegaming/comments/jk714r/what_happened_to_kids_games/gc9dzfv ? context=3
sea of solitude the director 's cut|3/4/21 official trailer https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=lei0zd1drhw
story of seasons pioneers of olive town|3/23/21 nintendo.com https www.nintendo.com/games/detail/story-of-seasons-pioneers-of-olive-town-switch
sky children of the light '' a few months into 2021 '' official website https thatskygame.com/news/sky-moves-nintendo-switch-release-to-2021
wonder boy asha in monster world|q1 2021 official gamescom trailer via ign https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=cmfclgurvti
doctor who the edge of reality|spring 2021 official twitter post https twitter.com/bbcdoctorwho/status/1315301126359658498 ? s=19
doctor who the lonely assassin*|spring 2021 official twitter post https twitter.com/bbcdoctorwho/status/1315296093228404736 ? s=19
lego star wars the skywalker saga|spring 2021 official trailer https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=syvicycn_lw
ruined king a league of legends story|early 2021 nintendo.com https www.nintendo.com/games/detail/ruined-king-a-league-of-legends-story-switch
very very valet timed exclusive early 2021 nintendo indie world showcase 12/15/20 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=gzxyeeq6l2i
disgaea 6 defiance of destiny nintendo switch exclusive in us summer 2021 nintendo.com https www.nintendo.com/games/detail/disgaea-6-defiance-of-destiny-switch
monster hunter stories 2 wings of ruin**|summer 2021 nintendo.com https www.nintendo.com/games/detail/monster-hunter-stories-2-wings-of-ruin-switch
neo the world ends with you|summer 2021 official trailer https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=6buu_58xrtc
party crasher simulator|second half of 2021 official press release https www.gamasutra.com/view/pressreleases/365740/party_crasher_simulator_officially_announced_for_pc_ns_ps5_and_xsx.php
the lord of the rings gollum|late 2021 gamescom 2020 presentation via dailyradar https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=s54hqfdkoce
bear and breakfast timed console exclusive 2021 nintendo.com https www.nintendo.com/games/detail/bear-and-breakfast-switch
digimon survive|2021 anime expo panel relayed by nintendoeverything.com https nintendoeverything.com/digimon-survive-delayed-to-2020 official twitter post https twitter.com/digimon_games/status/1316740618778017793
greak memories of azur|2021 official trailer https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=gicpb7w6sxo official trailer https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=am3t_ifctj4
no more heroes 3**|2021 nintendo.com https www.nintendo.com/games/detail/no-more-heroes-3-switch official twitter post https twitter.com/suda_51/status/1303875863000178690
skatebird|2021 indie world showcase 12.10.2019 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=nbv16kdio_g official statement on kickstarter.com https www.kickstarter.com/projects/meganfox/skatebird-be-a-skateboarding-bird/posts/2789903
saviors of sapphire wings/stranger of sword city revisited*|2021 official trailer https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=yomkwd6qhpq
summer at the edge of the universe|2021 official twitter post https twitter.com/vnstudioelan/status/1227661483628257283
the game of life 2*|2021 official trailer https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=oxizefov6ly
trails of cold steel iv|2021 official trailer https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=pjuis8uzm_8
vampire the masquerade swansong|2021 official trailer https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=e7l7m0r8fza
warhammer age of sigmar storm ground|2021 official trailer via ign gamescom 2020 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=xkjlghxo-xc
narco tycoon|first half of 2022 official press release via gamasutra https www.gamasutra.com/view/pressreleases/372465/narco_tycoon_announced_for_pc_and_switch_the_unusual_strategy_will_debut_in_2022.php
sea of stars|2022 official trailer https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=gzvla08lcr0 official trailer https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=0rjdlivhxqi
buying from kseries and do n't want to end up with something cheap that will crack or break easily
a couple of weeks ago i posted here about trouble with my tepslf application .
i wo n't go into great detail except to say that i 've been working on this for years and years i think i first applied for pslf forgiveness in 2017 before we all learned about the payment plan '' issues that tepslf was passed to handle .
i have about 50k in loans have been in repayment since believe it or not 2000 originally had about 65k and paid most of that principal off in the early years when i had an industry job very little since i moved into the public service in the early 2000s where i 've been continuously employed since .
anyway it was very clear that except for payment method i 've been doing everything right since sep 2010 so the real qualification date for me just passed this fall i started the application process .
fedloan still had my first two years of payments categorized as pending manual review '' it seemed like my tepslf application got denied in two days .
u/betsy514 gave me some tips on getting to the expedited customer service folks at fedloan within one day they had said that in fact my file looked good for tepslf and they were sending it for expedited review .
yesterday they called me only about two weeks later to tell me the expedited review is complete and that it looks like i have made 122 qualifying payments .
my fedloan account has been updated and now says i have made 120 .
i still need to wait for the application to be completely processed which they said could take up to a few months but i 'm on forbearance until then even if the covid relief ends so fingers crossed i think i am in the home stretch .
as this is coming from from a cis white man in his mid-20s but neurodivergent i can imagine someone of the responses will be i 'm asking this out of a place of privilege .
still i think it 's a worthwhile discussion to have .
i looked through some the posts in the sub-reddit that ask if x is cultural appropriation .
these range from having a certain hairstyle such as dreadlocks buying decorations and other items from local stores that create and sell merchandise of a certain culture such as nepali store etc .
i can also recall debates that came from news stories such as a white girl who went to her high school prom in a qipao chinese silk dress and the debate if white kids should be wearing a black panther costume for halloween which right of the bat i will say is utterly ridiculous .
much of the issue comes from a stance of a certain style or aesthetic belonging to a given culture '' which seems arbitrary .
i believe it creates a sectarian mindset that only serves to create division and is antithetical to ideas regarding integration and co-existence .
i also believe that it perpetuates a segregated culture where people a given culture are only allowed to dress/look/express themselves within the expected definitions of their culture . ''
i also understand there are cases where you have a specific sacred symbol relating to a culture that is disrespectful to appropriate as a superficial aesthetic as an outside of that community .
i also think that it 's really tacky to use something from another cultural as fashion without understanding of the given context within a limit .
the issue is when something like a hair style such as dreadlocks or a clothing such as a qipao is being treated on the same level as a religious or cultural symbol and again the implication is that a superficial aesthetic belongs '' to a given ethnicity/culture/race/etc .
i also acknowledge that there is a history of dominant cultures repressing minorities so appropriating minority cultures adds salt onto an oppressive wound yet i ca n't fathom how create a divide what an individual from a supposed community is allowed to dress or decorate their homes is policed .
when i say individual from a supposed community i mean individuals who are leading individual lives should not be defined held responsible for and pigeonholed into a given class/race/ethnicity/nationality .
i 'm planning on getting a pair of dt990pros and a dedicated mic instead of a headset .
i 'm looking to spend around £150-£200 on all of the equipment combined the headphones are £100 ish so that 's £50-£100 on a mic and mic arm .
do you think the devs ever gon na change some of the create cards ?
like the stones to make them more viable like make 3 variations of the stones lesser and greater like the game with each one different scost 4/5/6 and makes card with the same prov as the stone
or make the stones make a bronze from your starting deck .
other card i want to talk about is imperial diplomacy they should make it create a bronze from your opponent 's starter deck so you can have more synergy in play your opponent 's card assimilate '' and not having it play for random 4 point bad cards with no synergy .
what do you think of the card with the create keyword ?
so at 32 i went on accutane for the third time in my life as my skin had gotten so out of control .
it has been six months since i have finished accutane but at my fertility checkup my gynacologist reacted a little bizarrely when i mentioned i had been on it and said i should wait 6-12 months !
before conceiving.this upset me as i would really like to not delay starting my family any further equally though i want to be on the safe side .
she has since corrected herself and said 6-8 months should be fine .
i spoke to my dermatologist who assured me that waiting 3 months would be totally safe .
i am curious are there any mums out there who conceived healthy babies within a few months or year of ceasing accutane who could give me peace of mind ?
it 's been 9 days and my order still has n't shipped .
i keep clicking on their contact us '' link and it goes to nothing .
i believe they took down their contact info because they 're having so much trouble filling orders .
so i recently installed after effects cs since my laptop can not handle any version of cc .
will i be able to do the same transitions and effects using cs ?
rules are simple you must write at least 1 scentece it must directly link to the comment before make it as funny or interesting as possible lastly have fun !
please help if you have any working method ive tried alot but none has worked for me yet
if there are dsc fees yes it can cost a pretty penny .
u/regular_ad_4663 your submission https www.reddit.com/r/deeeepioskins/comments/kg0l3w/humpback_whale in r/deeeepioskins was automatically removed .
your account must be older than 7 days and have at least 20 post karma and 30 comment karma to post in this subreddit .
do n't delete your submission if it 's legit a moderator will review and approve it within 24h !
be sure to have checked the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/deeeepioskins/about/rules to see if your submission is fitting to our community standards !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/deeeepioskins if you have any questions or concerns .
some drug use has gone up dramatically like alcohol and weed while party drugs like coke and has actually gone down .
i love how espn always uses the back to back afc championship games '' when they show his resume .
it 's funny watching the panels when he 's on .
you can just tell the other ex-players think he 's a joke .
lol rusty but would find the rhythm in no time once the season starts
people who target only planes and tanks are toxic af .
pilots who tank hunt all game and aa gunners who just ruin the exp for new pilots are scum af .
imagine being down voted for suggesting that working hard to make a better life for yourself as well as to help build something in society isnt a bad thing .
but ... the energy drinks have exactly what 's in them .
nutrition facts and ingredients ... please replace with more disgusting meats .
i do n't have any nsfw art to show but as you can see on my ig https www.instagram.com/krisskringl3 or tumblr https krisskringleart.tumblr.com i draw all kinds of detailed and complicated stuff so a dozen dongs pubes is n't going to be a problem .
i 've been waiting on my meds from the va since the 2nd .
others sp4 thru sp7 all suffer overheating battery bulging for some users .
if you try long enough just get a refurbished sp7 from ms sell it off then get the sp8 out january .
except it 's literally a screenshot of a meme where someone responds to it with another meme do you think two memes cancel each other out ?
also if you could go through and upvote my other comments and posts it would be appreciated !
this is 100 love bombing and it 's manipulative af .
it 's to make you question yourself and to let her have more control over you again .
my ex did things like that whenever he saw that i was seriously questioning our relationship do n't buy into it .
you do n't need to get her a single thing you 've given enough .
obtaining a piece of paper from fide or your nation 's governing body saying that you 're good at a board game seems like a really really bad reason to invest a large amount of time engaging in an activity that you dont enjoy that much .
and if you do enjoy it that much then the likelihood of receiving that piece of paper does n't matter .
you do what you love and what happens happens .
here to finally say not holy shit and congratulations on the purchase .
after 420 blaze it hours the cyberpunk 2077 experiment has finally ended .
we would like to thank you for your participation .
people are getting scammed by trying to get 10 invites and 30 invites trust me it 's a scam
oh i 'd grab that little bulge and penart ate that right ass 🥵
someone will probably have a better answer but i 'm pretty sure i found it in the north west portion of the map where you find the strongest monsters .
i never got around to crafting with it but i do remember mining it over there
doctors who know better than you and i are recommending this .
taking the vaccine like every medication has some risks .
this also prevents you from being a vector that spreads the disease further to other people .
that includes people you do n't know and people whom you might care about .
it also prevents you from contributing to the stress of healthcare workers who 'd have to deal with you .
so one option is about people being selfish and only caring about themselves .
the other is about protecting oneself but others too .
unfortunately it has been removed for violating the following rule s
this includes pictures of screens and photos where the interest is the contents of a screen .
for a place to post screenshots you may wish to check out r/screenshots .
for information regarding this and similar issues please see the rules https www.reddit.com/r/pics/wiki/index and title guidelines r/pics/wiki/titles .
if you have any questions please feel free to message the moderators via modmail .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/pics subject=question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20submission 20by 20/u/acidwind255 message=i 20have 20a 20question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20 5bsubmission 2e 5d 28https www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/kfv0qb 3fcontext 3d10 29
i mean that would be hypocritical since it literally would n't be socialism so sure i guess you got it .
if you 're already frustrated the situation will not get better .
as for finding a new agent let them know up front what your situation has been thus far that your frustrated with not getting the chance to see a house before it 's gone and see how they respond .
if they lay out a game plan for how they 're going to help you in a tough market they may be a good one .
but make sure they 're giving you specifics and talking about their availability .
you want them understanding right away the type of house you 're looking for and working on getting some showings booked asap .
he was credited and the voice sounded a bit altered
hey could you send me a link to that post if it is i will take this down
i heard that the original proposal was that the sahara was going to pay for the tree wall .
lmao🤣🤣🤣 ah there 's no game has ever brought me so much laughter ever hahahahaha
why am i only thinking of the self distruct now
i ended up going back and reloading a save from before i had the monowire installed .
okay but hear me out what if was the pt chime teminite collab ?
that 'd be a solid way to start the year
someone showed me this on his rc car last week
of course nta for not wanting to do them .
do as much of your own stuff as you can .
so your own at home and move other ppls stuff around to do your own laundry or go do your laundry at a laundry mat .
as far as other things do n't complain but do what you actually have time for .
they ask you to do the dishes but you have to go to the library to study .
split the yard into zones let 's say 3 or 6 zones .
your dad has 2 sister has 2 and you have 2 .
basically only commit do doing a fair portion of the yard .
consider maybe paying your parents rent ... not a lot but some .
that way you could work out a more fair deal ... . or something you can live with and still have a life .
do n't worry nap much about your little sister .
they give you grief tell them you need a life too .
that you ca n't be expected to do everything without bringing your mom being a sahm or your sister being babied .
just i have time to do xyz.. is what it is ! ''
lol they just straight up lie in these dev chats .
its just a way to keep community somewhat peaceful .
new exciting content same old boring and grindy se format .
i do n't know the quote but i think seemed is right
her visa keeps expiring and she has to leave for a while .
setting up our 21 point fourth quarter and 3 point win .
so yes it 's maybe around dinner time here in the states
this is why married couples with children and substantial assets need to consult an attorney and take estate planning measures seriously .
upon the death of one/both parents assets intended for beneficiaries like underage children can be put into a trust so no one else has access except for the intended recipient even for an intended purpose .
if you die and your husband remarries you can at least pass with the peace of mind that your children are provided for with the assets you worked hard to provide .
he 's free to remarry cruella de vil sans prenup and there 's not shit either person can change about your child 's inheritance .
um he had mri on monday lol ... .39-30 last 5 weeks lol
my asd middle boy wanted to wear his uniform regardless of it being mufti .
as a girl who gets asked a lot i 'd definitely say no .
man ... even kanye west has stated his college drop out album many consider his best was influenced heavily by the melodies of fiona apple and portishead .
her latest album is amazing and most agree it 's top tier aoty .
it sounds like it 's something not about her but yourself that makes you dislike her and her presence .
just enjoy the music or do n't and accept it do n't whine about it lol
not all studios are the same and affordability is a very personal thing 690 could be fine for some .
any chance of a ski g the housing authority to negotiate the rent lower ?
i love how his classic roadrunner '' is listed under questionable . ''
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags .
these should be placed at the start of your post 's title
request asking the r/theydidthemath community to do the math for you !
self you did the math and want to share it !
rdtm reddit did the math '' linking to a comment or post on reddit where someone else does the math !
off-site use when linking to any site including imgur that is not reddit.com .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/theydidthemath if you have any questions or concerns .
i might be out of the loop on this but why would you want to play the 360 versions over multiplayer on mcc ?
i grew up on halo ce lan parties but even i have to say i prefer the updated versions of 1 and 2 that are on mcc .
i mean this in the nicest way possible but i would not recommend just hiding in the beginning every the time .
first off as u/yellowshyguy mentioned you will be wasting valuable decoding time .
this is especially true if the kiter does not bother pinging .
in addition if you do have a spawn close to the hunter a good hunter will often know common survivor hiding spots making your hiding useless .
part of this will simply come with playing more games and gaining game sense .
you can also speed this up with guides e.g .
u/jaesti 's key spawn maps https www.reddit.com/r/identityv/comments/jfgmvd/spent_3_hours_marking_key_spawns_on_every_map or mus1cman 's video spawnpoint guides https www.youtube.com/playlist ? list=pll_gfhcj7dzkultm4dhs4evslwcpmlbga .
doing this will help you realize what spawns are safer '' or which ones you really need to hide/run away from .
at the beginning of the match you will know who/where the hunter is .
personally this helped me get a feel for safe '' or dangerous '' spawns as well .
finally i know it 's really frustrating to be found really fast but do n't see this as a bad thing .
you 're getting a lot of kiting practice which is better for your gaming sense in the long run !
i be a feckin dumbass cuz idfk what happened to bb
stanford really britta 'd the pac-12 north 's perfect record in the title game
we are supposed to abstain from meat on ash wednesday and good friday however .
i believe we are also supposed to do penance on fridays throughout the year also .
even by the right 's definition of destroying history who 's going after lincoln ?
average units killed dropped cuz i went from full ranged units to full infantry worth it tho
what would maritime law have to say about that ?
i made a similar post not too long ago .
i am one of those religious people you 're talking about so i came at it from that perspective .
i stopped following it though because i was being bombarded by militant atheists calling me a hypocrite and an idiot for lying to my kids about jesus .
i digress i agree the santa mythos distracts from the true meaning of christmas and sends a contradictory message about faith .
those who ca n't and those who draw more confusions than are justified by the data .
it 's on every advertisement that putrifies my vision and assaults my ears
i 'm sorry that i 'm laughing at your response !
i love new haven and consider it my home after having lived there for over 15 years .
but i 'm sure glad i do n't live there anymore just for this reason !
oh interesting so what is your criteria for entry then ?
would you mind upvoting my second or third post from the top of my profile ?
why should they pay to another voice actor when they can tell a grown ass woman to talk like grown ass woman for a change .
i know when my daughter says puppy because she saw and actual puppy i cringe .
take of full ammo bcus u have 50 mag then put granulated grip tape
that 's just unnecessary and it does n't really make much sense they did n't do anything that involved interjecting opinion as that is quite literally a fact .
whether or not you see that fact as a bad thing a good thing or something that 's just meaningless it is still a fact nonetheless .
spent hrs searching for a solution ... finally found it !
solution the app store on the nvidia shield will not show you the latest version of plex .
currently the newest version on the shield app store is 7.23.13018
for dolby vision to work you need the newest version 8.11.0 or above .
the only way to install this is by downloading it manually or what i did was login to my pc go to the google play store search for plex click install and select the nvidia shield from the drop down menu .
please remember to abide by the rules as listed on the sidebar as well as the following
any post that does n't have all social media identities obscured will be removed without notice .
if you see this happening in the thread please report it or message us in modmail .
if the post above is of an item you 'd buy tshirt/poster/mug/mask it is a scam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fuckyoukaren if you have any questions or concerns .
what the heck man you ca n't just leave us hanging .
that 's totally what the op should have said .
sounds like someone did n't have their morning coffee ! 😬 .
would have sent the crazy lady right over the edge ! !
i took econ in 2nd year during fall 2019 .
i think the course was made more difficult because of online learning .
i did n't have it online since it was the first term .
as far as content goes like you said it 's quite easy .
damn is money that important that one should feel shame .
do we feel shame for the weapons we sell to other countries used to murder ?
they need to have the swarm brutally mutilate someone in a cutscenes like the locust did .
remember when we first met raam he stabbed the shit out of kim ?
yeah his first introduction made me scared of him .
right after that we see a shadow of a berserker ripping apart a gear and that was why i was scared of her .
skorge sawed a tank in half with a dual bladed saw staff .
the grenadier that ripped of jinx 's arm and hit jinx with his own arm .
we also played as the locust in raam 's shadow so we saw how destructive raam is .
i was thinking he would give them detailed walking directions instead .
cool rules question for someone who knows more than me haha
at least he knows what you 'll sound like sleeping in the secret room in his basement .
i would think just googling local private investigators would give you some names and you could call a few to find out pricing .
federal signal also installs the red led lights into the bottom cell if ordered .
so instead of trash talking this has anyone found a way yet ?
yes shows up like another camera you can add it to the mosaic in live view and you can scroll about in time lapse .
why are there a billion of this exact scenario in aita lately ?
yea i read that it 's about how he felt out of place in la being super famous and missed living in ny
yeah i feared throwblasts would n't help much as aiming is impossible .
i 'm not that afraid about the one you fight in bbi alongside the drake i 'm dreading more the two ones you have to fight before grigori .
about living armor are enchanted weapons this weak against it ?
it 's moveset is very easy to dance around so i expected to switch for a enchanted weapon for it 's second phase .
hope i 'm not going to do pathetic damage ...
but yes sucks that this vocation is basically barred from using holy enchanted weapons .
heh i think i '' m fine with running away a bit more this time around .
i do n't really want to cheat '' much i avoided using blast arrows and other ways to progress easily .
i know that if i 'll hit a wall it 's going to be part of the challenge
how in the fuck does this only help dems .
youre literally voting for the guys only helping millionaires of which you 'll never be
meanwhile 20 years later in canada ... .sigh ... how could i have missed this .
i heard of guys from manitoba making 200k a year going fishing hunting snowmobiling in saskatchewan and dropping of a few '' bags of cans at bottle depots .
i 've tried reasoning with these people man it 's impossible .
they shit on rich people for being born w a silver spoon but yet all they shout is give me free money ! ! !
wizards usually work in the highest government offices so they 're just gon na use the mind changing spell on world leaders and cause confusion til the muggles destroy themselves .
this has been brewing for a long time and the center-left just sat by and allowed ailes gingrich limbaugh and klan to build an extremely distorted view of their fellow citizens .
i live among these people and i have no use for them or their willful ignorance .
they 're not coming back or together or anything else .
these idiots truly think they 're going to form a new nation or a new state here it 's split eastern wa and combine with north id .
yeah if levy was toby then lord john would almost certainly never existed .
i 've been looking for a game where i play and my wife comes along for the ride just watching me play .
we have n't done this before and i do n't want to bore her and lose interest .
is a plague tale a good place to start ?
do n't have much to add but i just wanted to say that your guitar chord progression sounds awesome !
i think my bf took that as an opportunity to call me a naked mole rat lol 🤣😂
niagara falls n.y. usa or niagara falls ontario canada ?
my gas and electric are nyseg and on the same bill they have energy saving options but of course there are many factors age of home updates insulation etc .
they also have weather proofing programs and give discounts for upgrades rebates for installing solar panels etc .
honestly though i paid more for electric in a 2 bedroom all electric apartment than i do in this 3 bedroom house
this convo wouldnt have happened without the guy give him some credit
it 's after all this adorable tiny province of schleswig-holstein ...
thanks yeah i usually end up going a little bit over anyway between responding to the timer letting the paper drip etc .
i think she warned her about as early as she possibly could .
same tbh it 's like the only thing i can think of when it comes up .
i hope if i ever write a classic novel somebody will make a cool metal song about it .
those are things that christians have done for centuries though .
well hopefully mumsage chimes in because he 'll have some dynamite recommendations for you but i 'll give you a couple to start .
for objective academic treatment of the evidence for spiritual phenomena i would recommend irreducible mind by ed kelly et al..
he is the current head of the dops department of the university of virginia and it 's a very good book .
for an attestation of the quality of this book and a good materialist view on the possibility of the survival of consciousness i recommend this article https www-physics.lbl.gov/~stapp/compatibility.pdf
i do n't go out of my way to engage the kids beyond what is functional .
i make sure i 'm approachable and clearly there to help if they want it but it 's nowhere near the relationships i usually build .
my classes are partly direct instruction and partly work on this and then we 'll talk about it after '' .
i refuse to kill myself coming up with new ways of doing things for one year so i 'm adapting my old stuff straight into digital format even if it 's not always ideal .
i do n't do group work or breakout rooms .
i do n't care if the kids have their cameras on or not .
i accept any and all work late because whatever .
i make them revise their work until they get it right .
i do n't jump through hoops to prevent cheating '' .
i did just have a girl tell me my class is her favorite so there 's that .
one of my all time favorite pars games was a 5-1 gubbing of st mirren ... .
it was at east end so only about 12 saints fans witnessed it .
and please let me know if there is anything military enlistment specific .
i 'm a ps4 scrub but i 'll play with you and your kiddo .
i 'm pretty casual but i do n't usually mic because of my neighbors dogs and i often have my son nearby who needs help with certain things .
yeah that explains why they had to write boba fett out of cruiser fight .
however when did he pick up fennec for that credits scene in jabba 's palace ?
there is a pre-ending and then coda at the end .
you will get to the pre-ending of the book and really really want to read the coda .
i highly recommend that when you get to the pre-ending you put the book down for the night .
sleep on it let it sink in and then when you 're ready read the coda '' .
i ca n't explain why right now but i think it will make the experience better .
i think izzie was better overall for alex although i will admit jo was better for him in some aspects and i also disagree about jo being a good character on her own .
it 's the writers fault but personally i find her boring
as much as i loved japril jackson and steph were one of my favourite couples while they were together
i like them for different reasons and love the groups equally
i loved george although i can totally see why someone might not like him and i thought he was a great doctor
9. this is not unpopular it was one of the lowest rated episodes of the series lol .
i got into critical role three years ago and it 's a never ending well of content .
i 'm on season 2 episode 10 and i do n't expect to ever catch up .
2 seasons 114 episodes each so far 4 hours each they upload a new one once a week and i 'm pretty sure the youtube uploads are behind .
turn off that silly noise in your head bro just vibe !
oh the officiating crew had a clear bias but we do n't talk about that here
if it was stan it would have been in the credits .
if only they knew that there is a part of the bible that tells you to avoid spreading plague or something like that .
like it 's all love thy neighbor do n't steal do n't bang your friends wife respect everyone the rich are dirt bags and these people misinterpret basically all of that .
but if you want to discuss it with someone who is actually interested in having a discussion ... the best way is to talk about the evolution of the idea of hell starting with the exoteric jewish hell of sheol .
it was a kind of purgatory where all the dead went .
then you can talk about christ 's description of hell as being like a city dump .
then you talk about the churches strategy for converting romans and later others by superimposing catholic beliefs over the pagan beliefs they already held .
the romans were the ones who has a vision of hell as a fiery volcanic pit where souls burned .
and the catholic church in trying to explain to them why christ incarnated to defeat sin and create heaven used the version of the fiery hell that the romans were familiar with .
this became official church doctrine after the council of nicea .
now is that something the average protestant will be willing to hear ? ? ?
thank you 3 i 'm sure i 'll come around eventually i do hope i can find another college that i can fall in love with soon
hawks up a loogie spits it in a shot glass and hands it to you .
he wants to be gone but did n't want to pull a jimmy and ask for another trade .
he realized the clippers fucked up when they did n't get him a point guard in the off-season .
not any more expensive but it wasnt as dry as rita 's 💀
yeah i can try doubling up on batteries good point .
and my understanding is that these are self priming systems ?
so if i ca n't cycle my key then it wo n't prime and pressurize the system right ?
shad has a problem of not using many sources and trying to bend sources to fit his theory as opposed to bending his theory to fit what sources say .
still an entertaining dude but people should take some of his claims with a grain of salt .
that was like a magic trick that glass girl just disappeared
so i kinda want to say something in regards to that .
police officers are given powers of arrest and depending on the state county or city the police department has rules on what is acceptable within the boundaries of the law keep in mind that some states have laws that allow cops to do certain things given certain circumstances such as homicide .
so i do n't want to jump the gun and say yeah fuck that guy acab because the recording officer should have arrested him.. it depends of agencies .
i know my agency if an officer on duty after the fact states in confidence '' to his fellow officers that he did xyz while on duty and it is deemed by an officer listening in that it was wrong and illegal then they would and should report it to their supervisor or internal affairs .
i 've spoken to some ia cops and they 're seen as boogeymen for beatcops which is stupid because if you 're not doing anything wrong then do n't worry about it .
but anyway an internal affairs criminal complaint is started and that officer that is being accused of said issue will be looked into and investigated all behind the scenes .
if ia detectives need to question said officer involved then they will send out an email to have a formal meeting and at that point the officer will have to lawyer up optional .
the investigators look into if the officer acted within the policy of their department and within the parameters of the law .
if it is deemed that the officer has acted criminally under the color of authority then they will formally charge him or her and the district attorney will then look into the case to filling .
its really a very very long and tedious behind the scenes when it comes to indicting officers because if they 're on duty every detail needs to be looked at .
unless an officer just willy nilly walks up to a person minding their own business and shoots them point blank and kills them then thats when he or she will be arrested on the spot .
but incidents of police shootings or uses of force have to be looked at and reviewed under a microscope and a fine comb to find any indication of malfeasance on the officers part .
i really feel like this was n't meant to be taken seriously ...
my mil always used to bring me crap she did n't want anymore stuff she should have taken to goodwill or random new things that she bought for us that we did n't need or ask for and then she 'd always low-key chide me for having too much stuff . ''
made it a point to never do it to anyone
oh man it is killing me right now 😂 i work in bank of america and i hate it lol
they were fixed before they ripped out and replaced a bunch of them that was a confidence building measure .
they are finishing inspecting every last mile again to build confidence .
just do n't ever forget that sunk '' feeling you had after the first test .
i am building a tana and ardenn intrepid archeologist deck that is mostly a volition build .
i think any red deck based around attacking should include extra combat cards like moraug fury of akoum and port razer especially with kamahl .
this is my list right now it is a little budget and i have n't played it yet outside of a one v one with my wife but it 's a lot if fun .
well we only have to deal with that for like 2 more weeks .
even if you have n't upgraded your rig for a 300 budget you could probably go up to 1440p 144hz if you looked hard enough .
technically when he 's harnessing the power of the stones he at the height of his power .
'e 's expired and gone to meet 'is maker !
if you had n't nailed 'im to the dam 'e 'd be pushing up the daisies !
'e 's kicked the bucket 'e 's shuffled off 'is mortal coil run down the curtain and joined the bleedin ' choir invisible ! !
better 10 guilty men go free than one innocent man die .
they sent out an email for you to fill out .
is the aracna contract the one in the cave where you have to destroy the eggs ?
if so the recommended level for that is like 29 i think .
i 'm not gon na debate people here bc i do n't have time to walk through like all the research and study for example https www.mdpi.com/2076-0787/6/4/78/htm that proves what kyrie is doing has a tangible effect on the real world but if ppl are curious i 'm happy to explain why he 's probably doing this .
magick is real but it 's not magic”—he 's not trying to win the lotto or even win the game by doing this but he is going back to a location spiritual/quantum material is deeply affected by geography where he has a lot of built up negative energy .
this is stuff directed towards kyrie from others but he also himself has put a lot of negative energy into the very wood he 's walking on .
lots of memories events things we could call trauma in some way shape or form have been left behind by kyrie .
so he 's not so much changing other peoples energy so much as he is treating his own ghosts and ancestors or deities or thought entities/tulpas/memes/whatever you wan na call them who took shits all over the court .
that 's to my understanding the primary function sage serves on the quantum level—to clear things out .
it 's just like cleaning the pot before you brew some more coffee .
doesnt mean you 're gon na have the brew of a lifetime because you cleaned but it will make a noticeable difference in the end result vs if you had n't .
especially if you have n't cleaned the pot in a year not a perfect analogy but hopefully that makes sense
these are pro athletes they switch shoes just to get a bigger edge .
if you have sensitivities to these sorts of energies which ofc kyrie does because look at all the weird shit he says that hardly makes sense this can make as big of a difference as say playing a game in jordans vs some beat up converse .
nothing spooky or scary or purposefully eccentric and you can only think this if you think indigenous cultures like the cultures of tribes of turtle island are spooky or scary or purposefully eccentric or just what they believe .
but that paper i linked explains why much better than i can .
spotify does n't work well in my office for some reason and youtube just loads easier and runs smoother .
i have n't watched jre in a while due to this come to think of it .
plague claw catapults and poison wind work for most skaven using gunline armies .
3 plagueclaws and 2-3 mortars will basically wipe out a garrison by themselves .
but as moulder you have another option living warp bombs .
what you want to do is get a bunch of monsters and give them the cellular instability '' mutation .
this is basically the warp bomb ability except it does n't kill your unit .
it 'll still devastate a multi-entity unit like infantry or wolf rats if you use it on them but for a single entity like brood horrors mutant rat ogres or hell pit abominations the damage is barely noticible .
run them at a gate at the start of a battle and smash it open .
go through multiple gates if you want or use an agent to make wall breaches you can use before the battle .
the enemy will all bunch up on it in a blob .
pull the monster back and send the next one in .
after clearing out most of their stuff you can send your monsters in all together and just smash through what 's left and kill any single entity units that cellular instability did n't kill .
if you are buffing infantry and have some undead stormvermin or something you can sent them up on the walls after this to finish off ranged units if you want with nothing else up there to support them they should be easy to kill .
if you do n't have mutated infantry just leave them up there .
summons plague the spell from lore of plague crack 's call and warp lightning will all be very helpful .
and warp lightning can also hit things on walls .
sodium is wonderful but unfortunately can not be used with optifine so no shaders like op wants .
and the fact is that only 2 genders exist lol .
biologically sure but gender is socially constructed so you can be any gender .
ny times op-ed from a professor of biology gender studies
explains the biological complexity of sex and the ways in which the trump administration's attempts to legislate that complexity of of existence is both immoral and unscientific .
the view that the world 's population can be separated into a clearly defined dyadic unit of male and female is defunct not only clinical observations but molecular biology has established that sexual identity is on a continuum with an enormous potential for variance
affirms psychological consensus that transgender people are valid have existed throughout history are subject to discrimination and that transness is not a mental disorder .
human rights campaign document published with the american academy of pediatrics the american college of osteopathic pediatricians which affirms the validity of transgender youth encourages appropriate care and respect for their transness and provides resouces on how to do so .
i would love a decent job at this point .
the university i was teaching at laid off 20 of its staff and as a new adjunct i was only offered one class to teach .
took a manufacturing job that literally caused my hands to lock up every morning due to inflamation and then covid started spreading on each of the shifts .
probably was n't the best descision but once i had a couple grand saved i quit and now i 'm back hunting .
there 's little to nothing available and it 's absurd to have to risk health and body to survive this .
i thought this was a funny post until i realized op trusts alex jones
it 's the only time redditors see a female other than in porn
most americans do n't have a favorable opinion of congress right now
so long as incumbents keep getting re-elected this is demonstrably untrue .
for all the bitching venting and complaining americans do not want to be represented by different politicians in fact politicians are almost perfectly in line with what their respective voter bases care most about .
you can fix like half of the listed problems in 2 minutes .
put on your glasses and go get a glass of water .
i play the game on pc too or played up to act 2 anyway and whilst it technically works it 's runs like dogshit and is a pre beta product at best .
i promise the guy who said that is unemployed or at best works part-time at an organic hippie coffee shop .
got ta say after i god the ultimate hack system reboot or something like that it 's been very easy to take down cyberpsychoes non-lethally it 's literally a one-hit-ko hack .
very few games give you this sensation of actually being powerfull .
was this recent i wan na see a interview with them right now recently so bad !
dang maybe i 'm just a very unlucky person then .
normally when i build winter bases after about 20-30 minutes someone with a diamond or sometimes even amethyst hammer decides that what he really needs is an extra 6k score and some gold .
if i try to fix it with a wrench more of his pals come .
if i try to fight back they all hit me at once and i die and they say gg '' like it was a hard thing to do .
and if i try to push past them through the door the same thing happens .
you can not put a price on a human life but you can weigh the costs and benefits of spending that much money .
you could spend 2 million on cancer treatments for adults who have greater impacts on the world .
good news the car made it without a single scratch !
im so sorry i didnt even think of that they are na
this team allows me to take down kai before lloyd can hide them .
which is funny because majority of the colleges lean liberal .
so they charge students out the ass and make a fortune while their tenured professors indoctrinate kids in leftist ideology .
youd think if they hated capitalism so much theyd lower their tuition and salaries for their executives but ... nope .
they are run like corporations and the youth are the finished product .
then many end up with worthless degrees and so much debt they want the government to now forgive their loans .
also most non felony crimes youre gona be released quite easily because the courts are totally swamped .
if its your first offense or a misdemeanor you 'll be out easy waiting for court .
many of the repeat offenders and potential felons cluttering up jails are fuckups .
your logic is since she 's the niece of kingpins she should be posted here that 's retarted .
i warned you about the clothes you were wearing '' ... .
that 's victim blaming and it 's incredibly unbelievable that it 's coming at you from your own mother .
is a pervert and she was too embarrassed to admit it to herself .
she never wanted to warn you about your clothes .
she wanted someone to lash out at because her boyfriend was/is a deviant .
you have every right to take this whole thing personally .
ballina thanks you for bringing chinese bat sniffles to them
yeah cuz r2d2 has n't had enough screen time in star wars
i apologize i was n't thinking of different bible interpretations .
as someone from a catholic upbringing angels are always depicted as sexless .
and in my upbringing aside from the bible angel is usually used as a nickname for a girl .
but i 'm aware it could be used for a guy it 's just did n't dawn on me during the game .
interesting comment by the way always interesting to see different views .
fyi though i was brought up catholic i am not religious but religions still have an interesting story to tell .
bruh there are teams that went undefeated in the preseason and turned out awful .
there are teams that were awful and turned out great .
pre-season is seriously nothing dame did n't even care when he played .
he was clapping and smiling toward the end of the kings loss .
dame will turn up for the rs and the rest of the team will follow suit
if you do n't like that body type why sleep with them ?
but i 'm not gon na buy a kitten then ask for pity cause i do n't like cats ...
i think those are more like turrets i believe what op means is like something that walks around with you .
i 've sometimes had rtas which wick amazingly but show few if any bubbles .
i 'm not entirely sure on the science behind it but there is more to the story than bubbles wicking .
and is it a one time purchase that is permanent to your device and/or account ?
if a team like arsenal are reliant on a singular player to score goals nd that player is out of form what do you bloody think happens ?
guendouzi had multiple disciplinary issues and had to be dashed .
torreirra was uncomfortable in london and was supposed to fuck off to torino or florintina but athletico madrid thought they could be smart and fucked us .
partey is injured and has missed a few games for us already so get that out of your head .
gabriel is very good but not some angel who will bless this squad and suddenly make us win titles .
other teams also do n't have a fuckijg midfield pivot of xhaka ceballos who ca n't string 5 yard forward passes or willian who does n't perform or an inconsistent pepe or a lacazete who ca n't score a 5 yard goal ever since he injured his ankle or having to rely on a 19 year old to be our rw goal scoring specialist or have bellerin who ca n't cross or run with the ball and is super slow at making decisions .
ir players who are constantly out of position for us to get punished on the counter which have been doing the same shit under 4 fucking managers .
all of those factors also play into why we 're 15th .
thing that baffles me is how lots of pc gamer get into outrage about that even in here
i mean when we 're getting bad port bad launch like rdr 2 arkham knight re4 sr2 and lots other did console folks also getting outrage in their subs ?
yes the civil war would be included when i say all wars .
it always ends poorly for one side or both sides .
the worst is that ever after losing every drop for a year now for those brief few minutes it says pending it almost fools you into thinking it 's a fair system that you have a chance at winning .
nobody thinks youre lying dude you probably did something that youre not aware of
this is the most inclusive thing i 've ever seen in my life
that 's weird i have a 2700x and zotac holo amp 3080 .
my gpu usage is 98 and cpu around 60 i 'm getting 60fps on 1440p ultra .
this post has been removed because your account is too new or you do not have sufficient karma .
your account must be at least a week old and must have at least 25 positive karma from comments .
try commenting on other posts and interacting with the community in order to gain positive karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jacksepticeye if you have any questions or concerns .
i feel like garnt needs an intervention after the pizza story .
i have the exact same bangalore banner as you i also do n't use any skins for her even though she 's my main lol
how stunning that would be when it become the actual place for tes6 lol .
this is great suggestion actually i 'll give this a shot .
it 's perhaps the classic that are often steeped in the most meaning so it would be great to get the authors actual insight .
we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
cause some players are there to play and not grind challenges .
the dudes you play do n't owe you anything even if you message them nicely or something .
people play the game the way they want it to be played and there 's nothing wrong with that .
i 'm not hating on your post either i 'm just giving a logical answer .
selling the box for 200 is smart on him and just taking advantage of how stupid people are being about the consoles .
can we make an app tracker to tell who has been vaccinated in my general vicinity please
this dreadful year isnt quite over yet i dont think i am planning on buying/playing anymore games so i figured i might as well make this post now .
a few years back i started posting these type of end of the year reviews on here and it started a bit of a trend on this subreddit that people seemed to enjoy so i 'm back !
unfortunately i didnt keep a list this year so this is all off the dome piece .
doom 1993 i tried playing doom on pc many years ago and while i found it enjoyable i just didnt feel compelled to finish it .
however i bought the switch port for 3 bucks and it was absolutely incredible and perfect for me to play in bursts switch ports are going to be a common theme .
i found it quite refreshing to play a game that was purely devoted to fast paced action .
my only gripe was the labyrinthine levels getting kind of tiresome after a while .
i also wasnt a fan of the chapters that were added after the original release .
it 's not a steep drop in quality but you can tell that those last two episodes or whatever they 're called were developed after the fact .
they play very differently and are a little obnoxious in terms of enemy placement .
animal crossing new horizons the most interesting aspect about this game will be the time it came out in .
i honestly think this is something people will be citing for decades to come about how a relaxing game with cute animal villagers and calming tasks offered some true escapism during a very weird time yadda yadda yadda .
i had a lot of fun playing with my friends .
it was refreshing to have so many people especially a lot of my girl friends playing online .
added a nice social dynamic and it was so much fun designing and checking out everyone 's island .
personally i kind of lost interest around the easter update .
it just isnt my kind of game despite the fact that i can appreciate a lot about it .
spyro reignited spyro 1 i havent played the other two yet .
let 's just say this game is absolutely beautiful like a dreamworks movie you can roam through .
the platforming is fun i actually like the methodical collect a thon element to the levels .
they could have easily gone overboard but managed to keep everything straightforward and fun enough to stay entertaining .
i do think this game becomes a bit of a slog in the later levels but i 'm hard pressed to find a 3d platformer that doesnt suffer the same issue .
i was initially complete ass at it and still dont consider myself that good but i ended up really enjoying this one .
ngl i was working from home and every now and then i would take a break to decompress and just do some tricks .
the last of us part 2 i 'm in the camp that thought this game was incredible and i really wish there wasnt such a nasty discourse surrounding it .
i can definitely see people 's issues with it but i personally thought naughty dog knocked it out of the park .
tony hawk pro skater 1 and 2 i swear i usually dont buy games full price but 2020 made me say what the heck .
having only played thps3 i thought this remake would be perfect for me and it absolutely was .
the soundtrack was so good all the courses were loads of fun and a game like this is sorely missed in the modern era .
bulletstorm switch never did i think i would be playing this game on a handheld .
it 's absolutely surreal for me because i still consider bulletstorm as a modern title in my head .
i opted out of playing the og and decided to just do the duke nukem campaign .
theres just something so compelling about duke nukem deciding to help people he doesnt know .
i thought the original was eye rolling and cringe but the duke nukem campaign is actually one of the funniest games i played .
star wars episode 1 racer hd even more surreal than bulletstorm is playing a childhood classic in crisp hd on a handheld with better performance than ever had before .
i managed to beat this game in 5 hours on switch whereas i had never been able to beat the n64 version in my 20 years of playing it .
yes the performance and improved textures made that much of a difference .
a beautiful and fun high octane racer that suffers from being either brain numbingly easy to trivially hard .
you often wont see any other racers because you 're so far ahead .
and on the off chance you fall behind theres no way to catch up .
uncharted lost legacy this game was just sitting on my shelf 70 completed for a long time so i decided to finally finish it up .
it 's a nice spin off with a really fun last level .
it 's more of what was great about uncharted 4 but reduced to a smaller scale .
i really thought the whole 3d sonic sucks stuff was blown out of proportion for the longest time but oh my lord what an abomination this game is .
you have these vapid kid friendly characters running around fighting an apocalyptic war and it doesnt work at all .
you can create your own character which was goofy fun but these levels are a chore compared to the sonic ones .
thankfully this game was free on ps plus so no real skin off my ass .
donkey kong country after 10 years i have finally beat this game thanks to switch online .
i loved the secrets the music is just masterful and will be played on my deathbed and the level design had a lot of charm .
i played a little bit of dkc2 as well and wow what a step up .
sure they are difficult and frustrating but they also are fun and charming enough to be relaxing .
finally beat this game after being introduced to it over a decade ago .
i really wanted to love this one but the 2d mario games just dont do much for me beyond a nice fun barebone distraction to kind of turn my brain off to .
i am glad i finally beat it i respect its place in history and i had fun with it .
but i have little to no desire to really play through all of it again .
dark souls i didnt think i would ever be able to say i beat dark souls . ''
i first got the game on 360 for free and put maybe 15-20 hours into it .
rung the first bell got to the depths and just stopped playing it .
i realized these games just were n't for me and i dont know i just associated them with depression and a gluttonous '' waste of time .
well 2020 came by and i 'm hella depressed and got plenty of time to waste so hell yeah let 's beat dark souls !
i bought the switch version and exclusively played it in handheld mode which was amazing .
i cant believe i missed so much of this game .
i really wish there had been something a bit more conclusive .
it took me about 50 hours to beat and i had a lot of fun .
i never summoned other players on 360 either so doing that here on switch for the first time was pretty cool .
i am currently doing ng something i never do in games but my curiosity just got the best of me .
in about an hour or so i have already managed to ring both bells .
it 's just a testament to how tightly designed this world is that from developed where you can struggle for 60 hours and then later breeze through the same game in 4 .
aside from one or two of the late game areas everything here felt very tightly designed and woven .
i remember when it came out and thinking it looked kind of neat and then a few years later it blew up bigger than before .
i have never seen a game come out and then perpetually get super super popular 3-4 years after release like minecraft did .
like dark souls i associated minecraft with being a waste of time and pointless .
however playing with my friends has made the experience very fun .
i have gotten lost for hours already just designing my home .
i can see why this was and still is so popular .
crash 1 n-sane on switch prior to owning the nsane trilogy the og crash 1 was the only game in the series i played .
i dont even have childhood nostalgia for it i played it on ps3 in 2018 and just fell in love with it .
the difficulty the charm the music just all felt nice .
the remake was a great way to get back in .
yet again the novelty of a handheld crash remake was just too good to pass up .
while i do wish the originals were included as a bonus the remakes seem really well done .
i like how you can redo bonus stages now .
also despite this is it me or is the remake actually a tad harder ?
particular those road to nowhere bridge levels induced a lot of rage in me that i havent felt with a game in a long time .
i remember it being a hard level but i just got annihilated here and watched almost all the lives i accrued dwindle to single digits .
that being said it 's still the same fun game i remember .
i also restarted mid-playthrough once or twice for no real reason .
i just really like those opening levels and stocking up so many lives so i didnt even mind it .
i am still on crash 2 as of now but since i never had the og it doesnt have the novelty of being comparable to anything so it almost feels like i am playing a really good dlc with a few tweaks in presentation .
so far the level design is much more streamlined .
star wars jedi outcast switch if you 're gon na play this game on a console get this version .
this game is absolutely insufferable if you are n't able to play with gyro controls or a keyboard/mouse .
aspyr did n't bother to add autoaim and instead of being true 16:9 they stretch the image and chop it .
it just seems like such a lazy port which is weird because episode 1 racer by them was so well done .
i havent even got a lightsaber yet and i just got tired of it .
the gunplay is not satisfying and the level design is pretty bland .
and i am just gon na say it i dont care about kyle katarn at all .
he 's a fan favorite because he was specifically written for these video games in a time where there were n't any new jedi in the star wars universe aside from luke .
he 's just really a tame mix of han and luke .
i got this game for 5 bucks so it was whatever i had some fun with it and got a few levels in but i just dont feel compelled to continue much .
it may not have that bombastic soundtrack but the gunplay feels so much more impactful and visceral .
i also like the new art direction and the level design .
the enemy placement feels a lot more focused too .
super mario 64 played this with 3d all stars .
it 's still a masterpiece in my book and it feels nice to have a portable edition of the og game .
wish nintendo at least made it 16:9 but whatever it 's not a big deal for me .
i have noticed a lot of newcomers are dismissing this game as archaic and that 's it aged poorly which i get where they are coming from but that still just makes my blood boil tbh lol .
sm64 is still a masterpiece in 3d design structure and platforming .
the movement is some of the most fluid to this day .
that 's a mechanic of the game and it 's been that way since 96 .
bastion i heard hades was real good so i decided to buy one of supergiants previous games first .
at 3 bucks this was a steal and absolutely gorgeous in handheld mode .
i love the art style and narration and i like how many weapons and abilities you can swap between .
i also appreciated the ability to make the game more challenging along the way with different quirks .
very rarely do games let you set the difficulty in interesting ways like that especially through the use of in game items like that .
certain items make enemies more aggressive better at blocking land more critical hits etc .
halo 3 i played this on mcc through pc and it was an absolute blast .
i played halo 3 online in 2009/2010 and while that wasnt late or anything many people had already transitioned to mw2 and later reach so the online community was just a little tiny bit past its peak .
being able to play in 2020 with so many active users interactions and fun moments .
i felt like players were willing to do more risky maneuvers than i ever saw on 360 .
it was really really cool and it kind of saddens me that this game is 13 years old which probably seems absolutely ancient to kids and teens today .
just for reference when i first played halo 3 goldeneye 007 was the same age as halo 3 is now and not a single kid in my class knew or cared about anything from the n64 era .
it might be showing its age but it 's still a beautiful game .
also while i thought the story for halo 3 was a step down from the first two games the campaign is an absolute blast and looks gorgeous in full hd and high framerate .
my goal is not to buy any new games next year and just finish/revisit games that i 've being meaning to for a while now .
i have invested far too many hours into this game over the last year but i have n't played in probably 3 months .
prior to tonight the only bugs i had encountered were the audio bugs .
also getting stuck in corners trees or rocks and respawning on the boat .
tonight i decided to return to the game with 3 friends got a gallion .
audio glitch which makes it sound like you are in a waterfall
audio glitch with the drunk kegs where you can always hear them
audio glitch where the meg was making attack sounds when our boat was already sank because it kept hitting us at angles you cant fire back at
boat suddenly flying 20 ft in the air when parking at an island
boat suddenly capsizing in battle thne popping back to normal
boat spontaneously catching fire maybe we forgot something or got bannana 'd
glitch where you hit the button to climb the ladder on an enemy boat and instead it forces you down under the boat
glitch where when we killed another meg it died on top of our boat nobody could get back on to repair it and it sank .
i used to solo sloop emissary quests and play for up to 12 hours at a time with no issues .
now we cant go 30 minutes without a minor bug and a few hours without a game breaking one .
is this other peoples experience or did we just lose the rng lottery ?
add me and send me a gift instant 3.2k exp .
in south africa during the 1800s a typical method for discussing the length of an overland excursion was not in miles yet in treks—the first significance of the word trek in english was a day of going by bull truck one phase in an excursion by bull truck. transport in the huge spaces of frontier south africa was regularly by bull truck as it was on the great plains of the united states during the 1800s as well .
trek originates from afrikaans the language of south africa that dives from the lingos expressed by the dutch pilgrims in the area .
the british assumed responsibility for the cape colony of the dutch in 1806 and in the long run the relatives of the dutch pilgrims called the boers left the cape colony in light of financial issues struggle with the xhosa and discontent with british pioneer specialists who had illegal the slave exchange and proposed the balance of whites and nonwhites .
from 1835 to 1843 in excess of 10,000 boers the voortrekkers the foretrekkers voyaged north and upper east as a major aspect of the groot trek great trek and set up autonomous afrikaans-talking states that were inevitably fused into the british empire and turned out to be a piece of the cutting edge country of south africa .
as british pilgrims landed in the south african states in the nineteenth century and british impact in the area developed numerous afrikaans words entered the english of south africa .
in the long run during the 1900s trek started to be utilized in different assortments of english with the signifying an excursion or leg of an excursion particularly when moderate or troublesome.
nepal has pulled in trekkers from around the globe since the 1960s when col jimmy robert 's composed the principal business trek .
trekking has been the main action of visitors in nepal and thousands take to the himalayas some doing a couple of long stretches of climbing while others take on a month long trek through valleys and high mountain passes .
two of the most well known trekking areas are the everest and annapurna where a wide range of trails can be followed while the other famous treks are in the langtang and kanchenjunga districts .
the most testing is the great himalayan trails a broad path framework that spreads nepal from humla and darchula in the west to kanchenjunga in the east .
the assorted variety of trekking https www.expeditioninnepal.com/2020/02/04/trekking-meaning trails in nepal ca n't be found in some other piece of the world .
actually the absolute bottom in nepal is 59 m above ocean level in the tarai locale while the most noteworthy point is everest 8,848 m above ocean level the two focuses being just 200 kilometers separated straight from one point to the other .
a greater part of guests to nepal come in by means of the tribuvan international airport in kathmandu .
it is in kathmandu that trekkers need to obtain their grants and other documentation either from a trekking specialist or from the suitable workplaces .
these archives will be checked along the trekking course .
for those with brief period on their hands there are half-day climbs from kathmandu to observe amazing himalayan perspectives .
i am putting together a zen 3 gaming build for which i want 32 gigs of fairly high speed low latency ram .
i have already bought 2 packs of crucial ballistix 16gb kit 2 x 8gb ddr4-3600 bl2k8g36c16u4b .
now i am beginning to doubt my choice however and wonder if i should return them .
is it so that since i bought two different packs of ram i might not even be able to run them at their specefied speed ?
how bad could the performance hit be because of this ?
how do u turn off cross platform in reforged ?
i do n't see it in the gameplay options from the loading screen where it used to be .
if you still can i 'm curious to see if it would give you private islands .
idrc about playing solo if i wanted to grind by myself i 'd do trials and esca .
this past year i felt that being lonely or having no one was the worst thing possible and really thought a crowd would change that .
i contemplated suicide on multiple occasions i could n't really determine what i wanted to do with my future i would work 14 hours a day to not be home the person i felt something for and vice versa did n't work out i could n't find a moment of peace i ignored people trying to talk to me i gave up on trying at life .
so i thought that i could change that so i started meeting up with aquatinted people from school and interacting with random strangers but when i did that i noticed that being in a group of people or shadowing in the crowd was n't all that either being in a crowd of people that did n't understand or care about me really did n't make sense to me .
i realized that being in crowd nor hiding away from the world is n't something that i want so i was confused on what i wanted .
i need to talk to someone that i could confide in so i talked to my boss one day she and i have a very close relationship suggesting that i stop looking for others and pick up a hobby .
slowly i started hiking alone with my dog on my off days and going to different state parks in my region .
then one day it finally hit me i understood the fact that nature regardless of the weather or time continues to live while receptive and accepting of its conditions
i found that after all those times being in crowds and being alone a moment of stillness acceptance and balance in my turmoil .
i finally understood that i do n't need others for love and that love from others is a selfless act .
i understood that my dog is my token she is the world to me she 's been there with me at my side regardless of how i feel .
i realized that i treated the people that were really around me unfairly and they did n't deserve that .
i started becoming more open to those around me and appreciating who i was .
for example i graduated on thursday 12/17 with my bachelors and it did n't matter to me instead i was at work making a sign for our covid testing machine .
i left late too and it did n't bother me .
my coworkers and boss were confused as to why i did n't care in reality being around them mattered to me more than walking in front a stage of strangers .
although i found my balance i 'm still working on myself i 'm not perfect nor is anyone else but it 's what makes us living mistakes in our past are to be learned and improve our future .
i understand that there wo n't be many willing to answer but i 've got some questions .
essentially i am writing a book therapy exercise rather than wanting it published and i would love to pick the brains of any former sf personnel .
i wo n't be asking any questions that i believe to be sensitive however obviously you would have the final say as to what is sensitive .
i am happy to email you what i have of the book thus far but it 's not much and i believe rather crap .
i have a gtx 1060 6gb and i was playing some cold war when my coumputer screen went black and said no signal i took the side cover off to see whuts going on and my gpu fan is not spinning and the gpu itself was verry hot i susspect the fan died and the gpu overheated i dont know whut els it could be tell me whut you guys think and further troble shooting i can do or maybe its time to upgrade 😎
basically the title i have been trying for a while to find a method that works for memorization and nothing seems to work for me .
usually i re read the lecture notes and re write them .
i try do to this twice and then last 2 days b4 exam i re-read the lectures and memorize them verbally .
this does n't seem to work for me because i feel i do n't remember the specifics on the slide yet i still do this method because i 'm used to it .
🥺 i 've had him for a while so he has been given plenty of clothing/furniture .
it was hard to let him go because he 's so dang cute .
he 's always either doing yoga reading or inspecting some trees/flowers .
just wanted to see if anyone would be interested before he leaves .
good evening samsung fans i 've recently purchased the galaxy tab s7 and i am absolutely loving it so far !
i 've done everything i can to make it feel like a desktop computer and have even installed linux etc it 's meant to be a replacement for my 10 year old laptop .
the onlly thing that i ca n't seem to be able to do is click and drag .
this means that i ca n't click one place and move the cursor over to another while the button is still clicked down .
it also means i ca n't highlight specific words without doing so from the screen itself rather than the keyboard .
is there a setting here that i 'm missing ?
or maybe a third-party app that somehow can get this done ?
i feel like this is somewhat of a relatively large oversight on the part of samsung not to include this feature .
i 'm looking to create a unique sort of effect at the bottom of my page .
mostly it will be entirely white but at the bottom i would like something sort of like this
background radial-gradient ellipse at bottom right rgb 0 0 0 5 white 7 white
the problem is that this is too sharply defined .
it 's clearly just one ellipse sitting in the corner .
i would like something more fluid and amorphous as if the bottom of the page had been singed a bit .
i 'm really in the mood for some really massive cocks to show this cock sleeve how much he loves cock and being gaped i want all species it does n't matter and i want tons of cocks to come at me ready to dig into my holes and make me go crazy for more !
super studs and alphas big futa 's and even really huge hung femboys are all welcome to plow my holes all day and night !
bonus for some hypers hehe i love hypers limitless cock sleeve here as well ! send your ref in the first message plz bonus points as well to all the super weird kinks refs or just talking to me like i 'm some stupid super fag so please come down and rape these holes like ya mean it
jus got 2k21 finally n im looking for park teammates can barely get a game cause my rep but i do not wan na play rec lmaooo i know what im doing .
first of all i abso-fucking-lutely love games with fun movement mechanics .
right now i 'm looking at titanfall 2 ghostrunner and cyber hook on steam .
coming from team fortress 2 with 200 hours just on scout i want to try other games where it feels fun just running around at high speeds shotgunning people to death .
i 've tried the demos for ghostrunner and cyber hook already and i can say i love them so far ghostrunner being the most .
if there are any games that fit this bill nicely feel free to suggest them .
i 'm hoping these games will go on the inevitable steam winter sale soon .
thanks to everyone in advance you guys are awesome .
last night i was on my pc and i had a power outage .
when the power came back i turned on my pc and discovered that g hub had reset all of its settings back to default
i have different dpi values for different apps and it would be a pain to reset it all up .
i had not edited the values for about a month .
is there any way to restore it back to what it used to be ?
i am doing the sphinx riddles and need to choose the corresponding glyphs to the answers of the riddles .
i keep choosing the correct ones but she always kills me .
so i recently picked up a pestilens start collecting box with the battletome but i 'm wondering if i should try to ally in some nurgle as i really like the papa 's chosen or stick straight to pestilens as they 're my favourite clan or should i keep it mixed clan wise ?
as a newbie to aos i 'm quite confused right now lol
i do n't think my wife even cares about sex anymore .
i kind of look george clooney-ish and i have gotten attention from someone who wants me .
she is just cold to me and i feel that being a great dad and husband is not appreciated .
saying i 'm great looks weird when i type it but i work full time at home and my 9 year old son .
my son and i have a great relationship because of the pandemic .
i used to travel for work a lot pre-covid .
i never put myself out there to try to hook up .
i do n't want to waste the last prime years of my life not having a physical relationship .
i think i just want to feel wanted again .
what if catra and adora were sleeping and in the middle of the night catra said holy sh\*t theres a gas leak ''
can anyone recommend me a book with a really good antagonist i generally prefer mystery or horror but ill real any genre
lost a lot of hair this year because of stress anxiety and want to get my volume back have a healthy thick hair again .
any tips or shampoos that can help for wavy hair ?
do you want a short-term customer or a long-term customer ?
who 's your target audience and what do you offer in terms of value ?
are you situated somewhere that your target audience can see you ?
do you come off as a sleazy salesperson or do you just assist them in buying ?
if you suck at sales you will likely suck at dating .
this is n't a perfect 1:1 rule but it 's the trend .
if someone has issues with dating just ask them these questions and it 'll make a lot of sense why their dating life is trash .
they complain about having no clients but have they gone out of their way to find a single client or do they expect clients to just know their brand ?
how do they humanize their brand and come off as less automated ?
this sounds so unsexy and nerdy but it 's facts .
what i mean by that is i have finished the game twice by now and have over 110 hours in it and i loved every second of it .
but i 've had enough of arasaka 's and most of the gangs bullshit .
do n't get me wrong i love their designs the diffrences they have to each other but i really really just ca n't fucking bear them assholes anymore to a point that i started to roleplay as a v that just had enough of their shit and butchers them on sight .
anyway what i want to say that i wish there was an ending that we could just say fuck it all here is another nuke go fuck yourselves in johnny silverhand style .
last week my husband started showing some worrying symptoms having delusions believing i was in extreme danger and that people were coming to hurt me .
this all came to a head on friday morning and i asked a friend to come help me sit with him while i called different facilities tried to figure out our insurance etc as it became clear he needed more help than i can give him .
we took him to the emergency room and he has been there since then admitted medically for now but has undergone a psych evaluation and will probably be transferred to the floor tomorrow .
it has been around 8 hours since we have spoken and i 'm really struggling with feelings of guilt and anxiety .
because of covid i had to leave him in the er waiting room confused scared and alone .
it was the hardest thing i have ever done .
any advice on how to manage my own self care during this time ?
also how can i best help him once he is released ?
i am worried sick he is the love of my life and i will do everything i can to help him .
i have the game on pc barely have played it since i just started lol but i do n't sit at my setup 24/7 and i feel like i 'd enjoy it more being able to play it whenever and wherever im at .
so for those who have it on switch is it good ?
because like i still like girls but there 's this one dude at school and he 's really cute and aaaaaaahhhhhh help
what 's up with those rude employees that wo n't start cooking for mcdonald 's doordash customers .
yet all of us doordash witnessing everyone non dashers getting their food quick and just fine .
why is it only the dashers to be told move over curbside or the 3rd window .
y'all realize we drive 5 to 25 mins to mcdonald 's wait in the line anywhere other 5 to 10 mins until we discover the cashier is very rude and okay we will just now start your food but move over and makes us wait even another 10-15 mins or even literally when the line behind me gets less and light lines .
we are just trying to work and make a living .
we 're just trying to deliver food to your customer that they paid for and find out their food is late .
i hope the features are n't just tack ons i hope they have purpose .
will the album be aiming for mainstream attention due to these features ?
i thought it was going to be a very unusual avant-garde and many would dislike it .
this notebook features the quote yesterday is not ours to recover but tomorrow is ours to win or lose on the cover it 's perfect for anyone to record ideas or to use for writing and note-taking .
it can be used as a notebook journal or composition book .
108 pages high quality cover and 6x9 '' inches in size .
i have a boost to give away but an unexpected bill came in today and swiped my bank account clean i have to wait till monday for my account transfer to turn around but until then i need a little gas money for tomorrow .
if anybody needs a boost and would be so kind to spot me a 5 that would be awesome !
when i was in first grade my family had asparagus with dinner .
unfortunately for everyone else the pot was left in front of me .
i just got xcom 2 on switch and wanted to know how big of the difference is wotc vs the original game story wise ?
i am the kind of person that doesnt have the time to beat a game multiple times loses interest after beating a game once .
if i could only play the game once which of the two should i chose ?
i did the first mission in wotc and am kinda lost since they just rescued this guy and started calling him commander without any backstory so it has me wondering if xcom 2 original is its own story that you have to play first before you can play wotc .
i might get over my previous issue about playing a game twice if the base game is a completely different game story wise but i do n't see myself going to it twice if its the same exact story with different mechanics
tl dr if am brand new to series but could only play this game once which of the two should i choose ?
i am looking for someone who can help translate an idea to a series in animation .
it will be on mental health and i know it will be impactful .
story pitch the gods can only interact with the world for a few minutes at a time by possessing a human leaving the human with a small piece of that god 's power .
after getting possessed on her way home from work caitlin is thrown head-first into the world of the vestiges where alliances and favors are key and where knowing how to remain in your god 's good graces is a matter of life or death .
other serials star child https www.reddit.com/r/thelastcomment/wiki/index wiki_star_child queen of the desert winds https www.reddit.com/r/thelastcomment/wiki/index wiki_queen_of_the_desert_winds balance of power https www.reddit.com/r/thelastcomment/wiki/index wiki_balance_of_power
updates get discord pings with ? rank vestiges of power on the reddit serials discord https discord.gg/vssyxpb reddit pms using butler bot see directions in comments
small continuity note i 've decided caitlin 's car is named betty .
i 'll be mixing this name in going forward when referring to her car .
last chapter caitlin and lucy found that their reference card for visiting the oracles was stolen sometime during lyle 's party .
that theft broke honor codes that exist among vestiges so lyle was bound to help cailtin and lucy recover it .
after searching every inch of his house and the remaining guests lyle ushered caitlin and lucy downt to his basement bunker where he keeps specialized weapons to help outfit them for tracking down the reference card and making a few other social calls ...
are you sure this is the right place ? ''
i asked as lucy told me to turn down an old dirt lane that was barely there .
i do n't know if betty can handle the roots . ''
this is the address lyle gave us '' lucy said .
she did n't look at all fazed by the overgrown nature of the lane .
we made it over two large roots and out of sight of the road when i stopped the car .
those two roots made the suspension groan worse than i 'd heard it since the previous winter .
now that you mention it phineas is the sort who would appreciate it if we left the car at the edge of his property '' lucy said .
she picked up one of the coins we had acquired in the change from our breakfast .
better to enchant the coin than your car '' lucy said stepping out of the car .
i followed lucy 's drift and grabbed my bag from the backseat .
once i had closed and locked the doors lucy put the coin in the middle of the roof and betty was gone .
unless someone else started coming up the lane to visit phineas and ran into betty she 'd be safe here .
and well if they ran into betty they 'd have other problems to deal with namely me .
it was n't too far of a hike up the lane until we arrived at a small cabin .
there was just enough time for me to ask lucy if there was anything i needed to know about phineas .
things to do or not do once we met him .
lucy gave me a quick summary of what she knew of him and then we saw the cabin .
the exterior like the lane looked like it had seen better days but i noticed the lace curtains inside looked pristine .
long time no see lucy ! a man i assumed to be phineas said from somewhere behind us .
i turned around resisting the urge to summon a weapon .
phineas was supposed to be a friendly social call not a potential thief or an enemy .
i turned back around just as the door to the cabin opened .
the man in the doorway was as mismatched as his cabin .
while the shirt looked freshly pressed the coat looked like it had seen better days .
even from the distance we were standing at i could tell that the hem was tattered and there were a few holes in the tails .
what brings you all the way out here ? phineas asked .
lyle said we ought to pay you a visit lucy said .
lyle sends everyone on social calls once they get sucked into his sphere .
but last i heard you were clear out the other side of the country.
you know how it is for those of us who do n't have secluded cabins and have to stay on the move to stay alive.
pardon the mess outside i 've been going for a more natural look.
we followed phineas inside where he started filling up a keurig machine to make coffee .
he told us to pick a flavor and he 'd get the coffee made as fast as he could .
rather than venturing into the kitchen to see what phineas was offering lucy simply asked for whatever was strongest and said that she 'd take it black .
confident that one of us would provide the coffee for her she made herself at home on one of the sofas .
unsure what sort of coffee i wanted to try i followed phineas into the kitchen to see what he had .
well there 's the usual assortment of cheap coffees phineas said .
most of my guests are used to the garbage at hotels and will jump at anything better .
but there 's a few local shops i get some beans from as well if you 're feeling more adventurous.
one of the local coffees claimed to be mocha flavored .
not as much of a coffee drinker the chocolate sounded appealing .
in a matter of minutes we were all seated around the coffee table drinking beverages it was far too warm for .
but because it was still morning and social norms dictated that phineas offer us coffee we drank coffee .
lyle talked you into one of his parties ? phineas said in disbelief when lucy finished telling a highly abbreviated version of our story .
i was n't exactly thrilled either but we did n't have any excuse to aid in our escape lucy said .
and we made some valuable contacts so it was n't completely wasted time.
contacts that wanted us to go to florida but i kept my mouth shut about that gripe .
one of these days i was going to have to go back there .
phineas extended his sympathies over our lost card and asked to see our list of suspects .
running in lyle 's social circle he knew the usual guests and who had sticky enough fingers to violate basic codes of conduct and hospitality among vestiges .
by the time we had gone through all of the names though phineas had n't gotten us any closer than lyle had originally gotten us .
so where are you headed first to look for the card ? he asked .
figured we 'd get the hardest to reach out of the way.
that 's why you 're here is n't it ?
i can get you up there but if gus asks this was purely transactional .
i did n't know you came here looking for help getting up there.
what sort of payment do you want ? lucy asked .
a little fire would spruce the run-down abandoned cabin look i 've been refining.
wait you want me to set your cabin on fire ? i asked .
lucy had mentioned that phineas was an older vestige and in addition to his abilities with air and by extension sound had a knack for knowing vaguely what sort of magic a vestige had .
but i did n't think he was going to use that skill like this .
if it were n't for the fact that i was a little worried he was asking me to do something i would have laughed at how ridiculous the request sounded .
enough to char the outside of one of the walls and make it look like there was a small fire .
i 've been meaning to do it myself but if you could control the flames that would be a lot easier.
we needed his help or to be on his good side or whatever since lyle had sent us here .
but was i going to be able to control the flames like that when it was something so big and ready to consume everything ?
my prior experiences with fires had been mixed at best .
if you do n't mind doing it now phineas said .
there 's still enough daylight in the summer that you can make it to gus 's by midafternoon and be out by sundown so you do n't have to chance him and his friends stealing any shit you bring in with you.
when we were done with our coffees phineas picked up the mugs while lucy and i stood around in the sitting room .
yeah but that was a life or death situation i said .
but setting a cabin on fire for fun in the woods ? i was already imagining how the flames would want to reach out to the trees and how easy it would be to guide them there and from there to the rest of the woods .
the temperature in the room just went up like five degrees she said .
you 're the hothead here so unless phineas just turned the heat up in the middle of the summer you 're doing something.
i took a deep breath and the temperature in the room seemed to go back to the normal ‘too hot for eleven in the morning because the air is n't on ' it had been before instead of whatever extra heating i had been providing .
unaware of our exchange phineas returned and led us outside to show us what he had in mind for partially destroying his cabin .
phineas 's description of what he wanted done made it seem simple .
there was an old electrical hookup from the days when his power had been delivered above ground .
instead of removing the whole thing or at least neatening up the wires in case a new occupant had a need for it phineas wanted me to make it look like a fire had broken out there due to the age of the equipment and then spread along that wall .
he only wanted the siding charred and everything left interior left intact .
i started it in the wood the electrical hookup was mounted to so that the most charring and damage would occur there and then guided it into the electrical parts of the hookup so the wires would look good and burnt .
phineas was overjoyed when he saw the flames start coming out of the box praising my work .
i let the fire do most of the work deciding where was best for it to spread to but i was careful to make sure to keep it on the surface of the siding .
as much as it wanted to spread into the main structure and consume the whole cabin i fought the fire to keep it where phineas wanted it .
how charred do you want it ? i asked finally reaching a point where i could break my concentration enough to ask .
how charred can you get it ? phineas asked .
i redoubled my control of the fire before turning the heat up .
as long as it stayed on the outside this was going to really char the exterior siding and make it look like a more serious fire had happened .
when phineas was satisfied with the amount of damage i had done to his cabin i put the fire out .
if you 've got a hose i 'd hose it down just to be sure everything 's out since fire 's got a persistent streak i said .
i was n't sure where that advice came from .
i just knew that it was a good idea if he did n't want his whole cabin burning down despite the fact that i could n't feel any little embers hiding anywhere in the electrical box or woodworking .
phineas quickly went around to get the hose and started spraying down the wall .
this time the flames were going to obey me dammit .
i knew from my previous attempts that simply trying to suppress the flames and keep them at bay was n't going to work .
whatever magic was powering these flames was too strong for me to suppress .
so if i could n't fight it why not embrace it ?
it was probably a stupid idea since i was pretty sure that even though i was dreaming these flames could give me very real burns .
i sat down on the floor and focused on the flames feeling their heat and letting it wash over me .
the feeling reminded me of sitting out in the sun or too close to a bonfire .
soon enough i could feel that the flames pulsing in time with my breathing .
besides the heat radiating from the flames onto my skin i also felt intense heat building in my chest .
the closest sensation i had felt before was when i had had some really spicy ramen but even that did n't compare .
if i did n't know better i would have described this as literal fire within my chest there but not burning me .
i did n't have much more opportunity to explore the room .
not knowing that i was there lucy and phineas woke me up by spraying me with water .
as i stood up steam rose off of me some latent part of my magic activating to dry me off .
it was the first idea i had to get you back up.
phineas gave me a quizzical look but lucy knew what i meant .
i tried to embrace the fire instead of fighting it i said .
mostly it felt like getting burnt on the inside and out but i think i might have been getting somewhere.
if you need me to i can knock you out again phineas said trying to be helpful .
at least this gave me time to think of a strategy for when i did make it back there and to prepare myself for the burning sensation .
you did great on my cabin though '' phineas said .
honestly it looks better than i imagined it would . ''
consider your side of the bargain done '' phineas said .
and then some given the quality of this char .
and yes i know use discretion if others come asking about you standard deal .
just do n't go advertising that i 'm here either .
it 's much less stressful having lyle pre-screen visitors for me . ''
let 's head back into the house for lunch and i 'll get you what you need phineas said .
phineas showed us into the kitchen then left to do whatever he needed to do for his part of the deal .
lucy and i fixed sandwiches on his fresh bread .
you 're a mystery you know '' lucy said .
you 've got too much control of fire for a hothead '' lucy said .
thing is i 've never heard of any other sorts of vestiges with such strong affinity with fire . ''
you think it 's an indicator of who gave me this magic ? ''
it would be if we knew of any gods that fit the bill '' lucy said .
when we go to gus 's hideout though you either need to stick to your sword or pretend to be a hothead because unlike others we 've encountered they wo n't be quite so tactful in keeping your secret . ''
phineas returned a few minutes later with a roll of pennies .
should take five for each of you to go each way .
it 's easier to keep them rolled though and i 'm not counting out 40 of them.
when we finished our food lucy and i set off back down the lane where i hoped betty was still safely waiting .
i logged onto my xbox account to play some mcc after hearing about the new update .
i ca n't find anything that would allow me to achieve any of the armor .
it 's getting frustrating tbh any advice would be awesome !
so my fiancé and i are planning to have a very spooky/witchy wedding in december of 2021 .
i have a very set idea of having some sort of black or dark grey wedding dress .
the only problem is i can not seem to find anything similar to what i want .
i have n't physically gone dress shopping yet but i 've searched local boutiques to see what kind of collections they have and they 're always white .
does anyone know of any designers who make black or other colored dresses ?
my thinking is if i know a designer who makes them it 'll help me find the best place to shop so i can physically try them on .
i 've found a lot online that i like from etsy but i 'm not sure how i feel about buying a wedding dress online .
if anyone has any idea or even just some suggestions i would love to hear them !
does anyone else feel like it sucks that their is n't that much good information on psychosis ?
it is a pretty uncommon thing to happen and their is a stigma about it is the reason why this is
after seeing all these posts about yet another outage 7th in the last 3 and 2/3 months officially commented on by the official wyzecam account here on reddit and 6 of those in the last 3 months i would like to know how many of the people who always claim rock solid '' performance and never any issues '' can still make these claims .
i have to believe these people who make these types of comments in posts about issues have got to be the true vocal minority .
now before the vocal minority gets upset at this post understand that if it were n't for the individuals making issue posts and speaking up about problems these products would be even more unreliable and buggy .
to ignore issues and praise the company just because a product is cheap results in a poorer user experience overall .
i think we can all agree no matter which vocal minority side you are on the best thing for all the consumers is a more reliable service since this will be the only way wyze can continue on long term .
every time i try to help people it always backfires .
a teacher turned off her comment section because of me .
iwhy ... why ... i tried my best not to be creepy..
tried literally everything but am currently in the process of a clean install after wiping everything .
the patch kept hanging up during the update '' portion of steams process to patch files .
i tried running as administrator exiting and restarting steam restarting my pc numerous times ... you name it and i probably tried it .
i copied my save files with the hopes of being able to paste them in the appropriate folder after the install and praying i do n't have to start over from square one as i was 70 or so through the story a d side quests .
this is the first issue i 've had with the game on pc but if the issues continue it will probably be the last .
i love the game but i did n't pay for a product to have to reinstall it and start over just when things were getting good .
i am looking for a lease under 350 a month and drive off cost under 2500 .
choosing between toyota rav4 mazda cx-5 volkswagen tiguan or subaru outback .
any advice on which brand has the most lease incentives or which one gives the highest residual value .
or am i asking for to much and pricing myself out of a lease ?
only started to happen recently and im not sure why i use fullscreen mode gsync enabled and have a good pc so i dont think its hardware related dont want to go fullscreen windowed for a few reasons this didnt use to happen btw and i have played fullscreen the whole time
i 'm seeing a lot of posts that show all the cut content that was promised so far .
they did say they would add free dlc to the game but i 'm assuming that would be after what 's been promised would be added correct ?
regardless i 'd like to know other people 's opinions on this .
if they pulled off something like no man 's sky did but on this large of a scale surely it would be one of the greatest games of all time .
hey cam someone tell me if i can join groups on discord without invite ? ?
today i did n't make anything and supposedly i entry and invite for some nu discord groups can someone help me ? ?
i 've been seeing this girl for about three weeks six dates .
really liked her in looks and personality up until the past three days .
for some reason these days i 've felt two things that are new to this situation .
first an utter disgust with her personality which i 'd previously liked quite a lot .
her endearing shyness has become in my head awkwardness and dysfunctionality for example .
second i 'm experiencing a related impulse to cut all contact with no explanation .
it 's specifically to do this rather than just not to see her again or whatever .
while i do n't understand why this has arisen in this case particularly i must also mention that this sudden development of contempt is not unique to her .
with many people i feel an initial connection or admiration for their character but after getting to know them better my feeling about them completely reverses and i start seeing the worst in them .
at this point either i cut contact or if i have to be around them my opinion about them flip-flops constantly one week i admire everything about them the next i pretty much wish they were dead .
firstly what should i do in order not to sabotage this burgeoning connection ?
secondly what is the root of the general problem i have outlined ?
thats the question for example i want to play deep rock galactic with a friend but he is in another city .
can i use nucleuscoop with remote play together function so we can play the games ?
working on ramping up performance spend at my company and building a budget for it .
how do you all define and measure success around performance marketing ?
what are best practices for working with marketing teams ?
i have recently gained access to telescope from a family relative of mine .
i 'm trying to buy a telescope adapter for a nikon d3300 but i have no idea what model this telescope is .
i know it is a refractor but that is all i can gather from this image they sent me .
i asked if they could look around on it to see if they could find a brand name or marking of some sort but they said that they could n't find any .
i did n't know what flair to give this so i just gave it the general advice ''
my mom posted something about how mitch was compromised by the chinese .
and i was thinking yeah you 're almost there .
you 're right but not for the reasons you think you are. it 's so entertaining .
now do a death or black metal one to filter out the posers
crazy to think your signature has more lines than the entirety of the us
this user is unverified so comments have been locked for this post .
to unlock commenting the user must verify their identity .
visit this page for information on how to verify your account .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
if you couldnt understand it and i had to explain it and you just realized it that 's not my fault lmao
i did that a bit some weeks ago at unity forums .
i try to find something i can actually help with when someone is getting zero replies for a few days .
it 's intimidating but does help me think through other ideas to solve .
i had a student who said that they have been in contact with academic advising it from school and the it from our adaptive learning program .
strangely when i asked for those emailed to be forwarded they do do n't get any emails from anyone and only talked on the phone .
even though i know for a fact that all communications by all of those entities involve follow up emails after phone conversations .
not the same thing but just glad to hear that i 'm not the only one making these requests .
what a kind looking gentleman i wonder if he accepts rupees as currency for his wares
harden has a case for being currently the best dennis rodman ?
i love how dondon gives 0 fucks and stating things that are objectively true yet unpopular you could beat the chapter by undeploying everyone but elincia and pressing end turn 15 times but there 's no fun in that .
i came to the conclusion after covering each one up to view 1 at a time .
also upon closer inspection the details you put into the letters are more evident .
like others i would suggest you experiment with the location look and incorporation of the drop .
on paper how you 've done it with the upside down i '' is brilliant .
in practice it 's just a bit too visually crowded next to the p '' .
have you considered 1 incorporating the droplet into the stems of the d or p instead ? 2 putting it into the negative space in the d '' or p '' or maybe negative space between the r '' and i '' ? 3 increasing the spacing and/or moving up the droplet vertically to decrowd the current placement ?
those are my initial guesses that i would play with to see if you can retain that clever detailing .
really love the concept and execution and hope to see you work it into a final form .
edit if you end up with good luck with trying options 1 and 2 i mentioned above you can leave the rest of the i '' as is because it does look a bit like a spike as an added double meaning .
schools just throw the book at everyone instead of understanding cause and effect .
just wait until a sand worm pops up right in front of you .
and using the move controllers let 's you use your hands in the game !
please do keep us updated on your progress and outcome .
now i need to come up with 8 more 😆
how sure are you that when you really need the money in case of an emergency your parents or your siblings will have the money you need ?
even if i assume that your parents will help you with whatever they have your friends and siblings may refuse to help even if they have the money .
when i had an emergency earlier this year and urgently needed 2 lakhs within 24 hours my father did not have the required amount with him to bail me out .
i had to wait 48 hours to make some redemptions and finally get access to the funds but it was a painful 48 hours for me .
this taught me that i ca n't always rely on my parents for everything .
well he became a bill gates conspiracy theorist this year so any idea i had of him being a respectable intelligent father went out the window .
like lets sit back and be honest if we 're fans .
he 's an absolute dick that thinks the world revolves around him .
with icus in most hospitals close to full capacity there are going to be a lot of deaths in the usa from covid-19 over the holidays .
lol all in good fun my dude no need to be so serious .
if you 're that stressed out you are n't letting the tools do the work .
but like i said you wo n't look because you know you 'll be proved wrong .
it 's more about consumerism but is connected to the disillusionment of capitalism .
i do n't really know exactly where pee comes out of vaginas .
like does it shoot out of the clit or does it just fizzle out of the sex hole ?
is there a finished full version of dog on the road ?
i personally do n't think i 'll ever cheat just because me wanting to be sexually or romantically into someone needs a pretty deep connection established between us and i ca n't have that with two different people at the same time .
i will most likely break up with someone more than i cheat .
it 's kind of unlikely for an istj to just sleep around with strangers .
however if we 're talking about familiar faces like a friend i still think that istjs overthink things enough to not want to do something that impulsive but to answer your question yes we can cheat .
the desire can be there but making the move is another thing .
i 've never been a fan of tofu tho sweet potato chicken nuggets tho 😭👏🏽
kind of like the man in the high castle but with the american civil war instead of ww2 .
it 's about an author writing an alternate history within an alternate history narrative .
as your post has been marked as a question we 'd ask that you direct it to one of our megathreads below which should help you get an answer !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cyberpunkgame if you have any questions or concerns .
so if a woman seems unhappy it 's worth posting about but you can look away when a guy is getting his balls crushed
in the city chill pinguin ca n't use his snowstorm with it he could win every szenario .
storm can dodge the most attacks just by flying .
storm can use his buster for shoot chill pinguin against buildings what deals good dmg and storms downfall can pierce pinguin .
in combo storm push pingu against a wall and simply pierce him by flying at high speed trough him .
chill have chances for a win too but they are lower !
ofc pingu can shoot his ice projectile but it would never hit because eagle move nearly as fast as x dash speed and we all know that we can dodge the bullets easy .
pingus iceblow can dmg eagle massive but it exist 0 reason why eagle go this close to pingu .
pingus best chance to win would be a bad times eagle fly attack .
when eagle try to pierce pingu and pingu made himself invulnerable eagle would simply kill himself .
that 's why eagle would win in my opinion .
in his iglu or a not open area have pingu a lot more chances to win but in the open city with infinity fly possible ... sry eagle wins
it 's boingy so that the door does n't break in half when you smash it into the stopper .
do not hang the fate of the republic on one person reacting rationally to extortion .
i saw strangers ' private parts both male and female when i was two .
you had a better chance of getting king bomb during the his event .
its 0.67 odds you should hold on to those rubies .
at least it 's just a floor 2 solo run nvm just saw the 43 minutes
actually if cyberpunk was cached like this it would be fast as a mother fucker but so heavy that your goddamn computer would explode
if you dont know how the highschool goof ball gets straight as then prolly a bad comparison to a guy lifting after games maybe ?
these things are in water million of years already .
modern human civilization has no more than 5000 years only .
i guess the great period the golden era of earth is in the past .
you see life on earth start 5 billion years ago and in 300 million years it wont be able to harbor life anymore .
on cosmic scale its about the end of the drama .
the world trade center bombing was 2 years earlier so everybody thought it was connected to that .
just a heads up please do n't post and delete then repost the same picture multiple times .
it is grounds for post removal or a ban .
the switch to walken and him not doing it between rounds helped a lot
sorry but i had to remove your recent post on r/dirtysnapchat because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
you can check out the guidelines here https reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/wiki/format .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your title
use only m f t and a for tagging gender .
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 21/21 mf4r .
if you are posting about r/dirtysnapchat in general please use a meta tag at the beginning of the subject .
please visit the submission page http www.reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/submit ? sidebar title=age r4r title to resubmit your post .
if you get an error message asking you to wait you must wait until the timer expires before posting again .
if you 're still having issues with your post please feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdirtysnapchat .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtysnapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
also a final note if you want more airflow you can add it later but you could add a few more fans for relatively cheap you could go with black or maybe rgb a better option down the line could even be noctua fans so it 's really silent you would just need some cable adapters to plug them in to the motherboard
red hood will be cool but i definitely agree .
hopefully he 's only in s3 and then goes and gets a spin off or soemthing
i would drag my balls through glass shards to get a keqing
canelo is going to go down as one of the best ever .
canelo started at 140 and now has fought world champions up to 175 .
is this the most successful weight climber of all time ?
canelo 's agression combined with his defensive wit is something scary .
canelo is what we all used to wish mayweather would be .
in some of the mid to kate rounds he threw a few combos that caught canelo 's attention but it was much too late .
anyone else think canelo is like a combination of james toney and roy jones jr. ?
i keep trying to think of a fighter to compare him to but i dont think there is one .
why the end of mandolorian worked because it was badass !
i feel like people not being mindful of their makeup buying habits is a way bigger issue than a couple people feeling like they 're getting preached at by you tubers .
ultimately it 's our decision how large of a collection to accumulate but a ton of makeup related media advertising etc .
is designed with the express purpose of getting us to buy what we do n't need .
and it 's not ‘just ' about the environment either people can develop real shopping addictions because of this .
it 's important to discuss mindful spending bc it can be difficult to realize when you have a problem .
check the blacklist here https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ntftbktszij1selvt7mgwlsdd3bnihmk5cxvnuvegz8/edit gid=469755620 before trading to protect yourself from known scammers .
have them comment on your post if they do so to make sure they 're not banned for scamming .
be wary of 2 for 1 trades proceed with caution .
do research on the person you 're trading with i.e .
ask questions about the pokemon or item you 're trading for .
send us a report https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fpokemonswordandshield if you have been scammed or suspect a scammer .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemonswordandshield if you have any questions or concerns .
the sprites from doki doki summertime ca n't hide that from me
no literally i go afk and usually make over 3b
those things are a blast to shoot and the resulting pictures/video are awesome .
for those who do n't know using a large rifle round in a short barrel rifle results in 1-3ft of muzzle flash .
xd tell me about it lul grew up drinking the green label haha
should be but the container that you are catching this is needs to be clean ...
i would just fork over the extra and use new coolant .
is saving the on coolant worth possible messing up an engine if it is contaiminated ?
at least we no longer have to come up with an excuse why we ca n't go to see that relative you 'd rather not .
either way wish you continue to have a happy glaciotide .
i rather enjoyed learning the history of this world with all the numerous surprises here and there . ''
i 'd love to see the mean mug get knocked off his face by pereira
that 's true but i think a big part of that is that cam never has actual good receivers or a competent oc which skewed his stats .
much of cams prime was him throwing deep shots to kelvin benjamin and fucnhess with no separation .
bills did an excellent job building around josh allen wish my panthers did the same for cam .
i did n't find any posts that meet the matching requirements for r/memes .
things such as jpeg artifacts and cropping may impact the results .
the closest match that did not meet the requirements is this post https redd.it/kgicm1
visit r/repostsleuthbot i 'm not perfect but you can help .
report false negative https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20negative message post_id '' kgko1j '' meme_template '' 20120
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com ? postid=kgko1j samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=true filterdeadmatches=true targetimagematch=95 targetimagememematch=92
if its still available by the time you get to our trade .
if 5 month olds do n't store anything they 're exposed to then why do n't we just keep them in a dark closet until they 're capable of forming memories ?
dude i love tool but they did an excellent job on it 🤟🏻
the expression of them can depend on those factors but they are distinct concepts that are not synonymous .
i 'm just glad you did n't encounter any wild karens 🤣
i mean you dont need to do anything i just think its wack
all that aside i hope things start getting better for you soon .
it 's been a really long year i know this time of year is also hard for people at times for various reasons .
wishing you the best in the weeks and months to come .
if you live somewhere that only has a few hundred people or even a few thousand people it is difficult to deliver the level of healthcare provided in bigger cities .
even major urban centres in less populous states often do n't offer the same services as those in larger cities which is why patients are medivaced to adelaide/melbourne
i think at this point it 's down to mahomes allen and rodgers .
i just think that allen is far more dynamic than both and 30 passing td 's combined with 8 rushing td 's and a receiving td is crazy awesome .
to me he is more to his team this year than mahomes and rodgers are to theirs .
reason i like cotd still get phd and raygun as well as scavenger .
avoided dumping me for a week to her birthday present first
i dont understand this reddit yall want characters that arent saiyans and always complain when it is a saiyan but when they do a non saiyan unit yall love to complain but would still summon for him .
112k miles and an electric motor already went bad ? ?
yeah from the point he appeared he looked like he was going to be a major game playing factor in the return though his character faded away quickly without doing anything significant in it .
it looked like he just filled the token shady criminal partner shelly had like in the original seasons .
so having customers spend days trying to get orders through because they 're slow at putting guns in boxes is preferable to longer shipping times ?
they 've also moved the price multiple times and these shares '' are n't organic ... it 's always a minimally active account that is less than a year old .
try searching for their posts they delete them so they can use the same accounts to repost later lol ...
anyway got both of mine from dk for 100 cheaper with no gimmicks .
your post has been automatically removed as it 's missing title tags such as oc .
the post guidelines can be found in the sub 's sidebar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
for anyone who did n't catch it bleach/burn the witch is going to be on at 15:05 japanese time .
7:10 pm est/9:10 am jst weekly shonen jump new hero stage
12:40 am est/2:40 pm jst the 2nd nationwide one piece knowledge king deciding battle
just make plays who stack play against only stacks and players who solo q play only solo q players .
its not like the player base is so small that this would n't work .
accounts with very low comment karma are not allowed to post in this sub .
please participate elsehwere on reddit first such as the default subs .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/palegirls if you have any questions or concerns .
thank you for your submission but we are removing your post
and should i get game/item x or y '' get asked a lot .
ultimately however you 're going to be the best judge of whether the item in question is a good purchase for you .
if you 're trying to get a recommendation about what game to buy you should be including sufficient detail as to games you own the type of or other specifics about the game you are looking for what you enjoy in games what turns you off from games etc .
otherwise feel free to ask in our daily question thread https www.reddit.com/r/nintendoswitch/search ? q=author 3aautomoderator+daily+question+thread sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day .
as long as you provide some basic information about your interests games you already own and budget they can help you out .
you can also ask in the game-recommendations channel in our discord server https discord.gg/switch .
if you have questions or objections about this removal please reach out to us in modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnintendoswitch subject=removal 20objection 20or 20question message 5bplease 20type 20your 20message 20here ... 5d 0d 0d 0d 0d 2ado 20not 20edit 20or 20delete 20anything 20below 20this 20line 2a 0d 0d 2d 2d 2d 0d 0d 2a 2aremoval 20notes 20for 20moderators 3a 2a 2a 0d 0dpost 20title 3a 20i 20would 20like 20your 20input 20on 20games 0d 0dpermalink 3a 20https www.reddit.com/r/nintendoswitch/comments/kge45h 0d 0dcontent 20type 3a 20submission 0d 0dremoved 20by 3a 20kevinftw17 .
this is gon na be fun to come back to once he responds .
weird you 're trying to hide the seller 's name 🧐 how can we help you dodge a bullet of a known scammer in this subreddit if you wo n't disclose it .
cyberpunk was hyped by systematic false marketing during years .
elden ring is hyped by from software past games .
this may change as we get closer to release of course .
assuming what you read was in regards to painted glass instead of actual colored glass .
thats a damn good idea though what was their reasoning behind the ban ?
it ended up being in this pc users user that it 's downloaded on saved games quantic dreams detroit become human .
people are just really racist and hateful and what he says resonates with him .
so i agree in the us typically a driver can only work 14 total hours and drive 11 of those .
intrastate rules change that somewhat changing those to 16 and 13 in some cases respectively .
there is also all sorts of exemptions that allow them extra hours driving or reclassify driving to off duty or on duty time .
canada allows drivers to work longer and drive more however .
lots of fantastic games being recommended here and i 'd recommend all of them again .
surprised it has n't yet come up but you 'd probably enjoy openttd a ton which is an open-source and maintained fork of transport tycoon deluxe the game that gave chris sawyer the money to make rollercoaster tycoon ! .
it 'll run on a beefed-up toaster and of course it 's completely free .
obviously because it 's a transportation tycoon game the whole objective of the game is moving things around and solving various logistical challenges but it 's also a very chilled-out and relaxing game once you get the hang of it .
your transportation networks do n't really need constant babysitting or optimization like a factory does so once you 've put in the gruntwork you can just sit back and watch the world grow .
klopt maar ik vind het eigenlijk best al eng dat het onderwerp in de kamer gekomen is .
het moet nooit eng zijn om over een onderwerp te debatteren in de tweede kamer .
de tweede kamer is obs nationaal platform om over alle zaken te spreken .
de toon woorden en houdingen van de kamerleden zogen je hierin moeten gerust stellen of beangstigen .
met de reactie van de jonge kan je nog wel uitgaan van dat eerste .
if we can just solidify the defense we 'd be solid for a few years .
the sweetheart tv deal they worked out with you guys still is n't enough ?
you think the aac will add you fb only next year ?
what is that small as lady gon na do if they start acting up in the ring lol
but its just absurd you have to bait them out just to get a light in .
someone made a christmas radio mod a few days ago !
craft a nice wild deck or two so your deck is n't worthless in a few months d
yeah a guy at work who always came to talk to me now just looks over at me but sits at a different table .
it 's like he wants to talk to me but just decides not to after almost a year of talking on all our beaks together .
i just want a friend and have no idea of why .
she literally says the line in the song is about dra .
you just need one td and cook is a constant red zone target .
better over under in this game than mn vs chi so more points to be had .
the repuglicans are all busy stabbing people in the streets not many on reddit right now .
sadly the video is only comparing the 3090 suprim x vs the asus 3080 not the 3090 so we are gon na have to wait and see whats out there .
now the msi 3080/90 suprim x is probably gon na be the beast to overclock with all that power headroom it has .
i have one on the way and once eks water blocks are available im going ham with it .
just make sure you do n't give your niece your psn account and she does n't continue using your account .
have her make her own account and when you get your ps5 just go to settings make sure you have playstation plus and use cloud storage from the settings .
i think you 're either a bright spring or one of the winters .
to me the higher contrast and brighter colors really flatter you .
the reason i would go bright spring or one of the muted winters over bright winter is because the one bright color that i do n't love as much on you is that one very bright purple which i think is generally a bright winter-y color but i think you can narrow yourself to one of those .
your undertones look neutral to me although it 's always hard to say digitally
i was full anesthesia earlier this year but i 'm a big fella whose done a good amount of drugs .
i literally saw double vision after surgery but that 's all .
honestly wisdom teeth removal was surprising much easier than expected .
i did have a good amount of edibles after that made everything smooth .
get drunk together and offer him head as a joke ... ..you know the rest .
if things get weird later just be like i was so drunk man i was acting stupid .
virtual learning will remain an option for all families for the rest of the year .
oof that was the first thing i found online .
just gave my small bit to help this clan （╹◡╹）
not all side quests still have to go back and tie up some loose ends .
tell her that there r very serious medical consequences to vaping
read basically all the books by david l. golemon .
you do n't have to read them in order but i think event https bookshop.org/books/event/9781250268464 '' was a fantastic start and gives you an idea of how the rest of the books are .
i 'd probably recommend starting with subterranean https bookshop.org/books/subterranean-a-thriller/9780061965807 '' his first book .
all his stuff is awesome adventures wrapped in fun science .
then if you have n't read any of their books go for dean koontz more horror-ish though some are amazingly uplifting and clive cussler more indiana jones-ish like dan brown 's stuff .
man i bought a bottle of layton after sampling it and i guess i just do n't 'get ' it .
it feels over the top almost gauche and i got bored with it really quickly .
self posting requires 10 comment karma from the r/entrepreneur subreddit .
you can check how much karma you have in this subreddit if you visit your profile and click show karma breakdown by subreddit '' in the upper right hand corner .
this rule is implemented to combat spam and to make sure that potential posters have at least a basic familiarity with the r/entrepreneur community .
karma points are up-votes that you receive from your comment replies .
consider participating in the weekly discussion posts check the sidebar in order to gain karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/entrepreneur if you have any questions or concerns .
i have a 229 sig sauer stainless elite super duper gun
those men died in service to god emperor in holy battle !
pray that you are given such an opportunity in the penal legions for displaying a lack of piety or would you prefer a summary execution ?
the combined weight of all human-made objects has surpassed the mass of all other living beings on earth .
read this piece by our coo tod hardin and help us keep spreading awareness via the donate page .
pshaw james harden pays an entire year of rent to multiple single moms in the club each offseason .
also a flamethrower so hopefully that does n't happen .
my pwbpd is big on parental alienation as our children enter university .
i deal with the risk of estrangement of the adult children if we go through a divorce .
the '90 was gon na happen ' referring to fights is how i view the odds here yet over the years reminds me to do my own thing because fights will happen regardless if that makes sense .
so i have a separate life of business and personal interests and romantic interests that my pwbpd is not part of .
i love stoutland and the shiny is even better .
the real pros go to bing for their deeeep deepest desire .
replace the guy on the far right with leon scott or jill valentine
florida has been surprising two weeks in a row now
well my cards of interest are the charizard and braixen rr mega charizard charizard vmax and the charizard promo but if you 're only interested in rayquaza idk which one is available to trade for it
if only one day you 'll learn how to create links that are n't applied to the whole block of text !
toty mbappé in fifa 19 built an untradeable team around him just after his release and he stayed in my team til the end of the year .
it really depends on where you 're traveling to/from and is always a good idea to get travel insurance for in case anything does happen knock on wood .
calling attention to racism prejudice and other issues through comedy has a positive affect .
all i want for christmas is the superheavyweight title belt and that 's what i intend to get . ''
when i was 7-8 years old i was really scared of the werewolf that lived on the property across the road from my house .
my best friend a certified rapscallion convinced me that a werewolf lived in the shed on that property .
either way i bought the property a few years after the house burnt down about 10 years ago just built a cottage there with my wife .
t 's cold already so you might be tense but after a couple minutes on the bike/moped you 'll be able to relax .
if you look comfortable and safe when riding they give you a certificate .
i had no experience i took my cbt in october and managed .
b1 please read all of our rules https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/wiki/index and borrower faq 's https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/wiki/borrowers
b2 do not delete this submission or any submission past or present for any reason or any of your comments as it will result in a ban .
if your request is fulfilled or you no longer need the money please do one or a combination of a edit your post to reflect the change b flair your post as 'complete ' the flair button is under the body text of the post and/or c make a comment that it 's no longer needed .
b3 wait 24 hours from this post to make another unless this post or the next is prearranged with a particular lender .
if there are errors in this post you need to correct by posting again before 24 hours then you should contact a moderator
be careful who you send your personal information to a moderators strongly suggest requiring that a lender comment on your req post before you send them any personal information .
b check your lenders r/borrow history by clicking here .
https www.loanmanager.co/lender-check do this for every loan request you recieve .
c are they blacklisted or asking for prohibited items/information see this link https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/wiki/lender_blacklist_prohibited_info ?
message moderators immediately d are they eligible 90 day account 1000 karma not banned and active any big account activity gaps ? .
ultimately you are free to accept loans from any user though you do so at your own risk .
loans made with ineligible/banned users will not be tracked by loansbot and you will not get credit for loans fulfilled by ineligible lenders so proceed at your own risk
b5 understand and properly use all loansbot commands https www.reddit.com/r/loansbot/comments/2ea912/loansbot_basic_usage to mark loan status
b6 if you have any questions or concerns whatsoever feel free to ask moderators by clicking here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fborrow
l1 please read all of our rules https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/wiki/index and lender faq 's https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/wiki/lenders
a check for any past req posts and scan the comments for red flags b check the universalscammerlist https universalscammerlist.com/search.php c install redditscamlabeler https www.reddit.com/r/hardwareswap/comments/ad10kg/meta_reddit_scam_labeler_extension_v15_update to your browser d install this quick karma-earning investigation tool https www.reddit.com/r/thesefuckingaccounts/comments/8gb6a8/metabookmarklet_to_help_identify_karma_farming to your browser e see these lists of sketchy user behaviors karma farmers '' https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/comments/9htkug/meta_be_aware_recent_influx_here_of_bot_managed how to identify high risk borrowers https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/comments/5n4rei/meta_lenders_how_to_identify_users_who_are_likely
l3 check to see if kassordly has a post deletion history https www.reddit.com/r/borrowdeletes/search ? q=kassordly restrict_sr=on
l4 check kassordly 's spam history https www.reddit.com/r/thesefuckingaccounts/search ? q=kassordly sort=new restrict_sr=on redditmetis profile https www.redditmetis.com/user/kassordly or atomiks analyzer profile https atomiks.github.io/reddit-user-analyser kassordly or redetective profile https www.redective.com !
l5 we have a rule 19 https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/comments/cz5myt/meta_new_rule_concerning_lending_to_borrowers that requires new lenders to contact existing lenders holding late debt to ok providing more funds to this post author borrower .
please adhere to this rule or you will be banned !
additionally it is suggested that lenders take into account a user 's current open loans and repayment history when considering funding a loan .
this includes a do they have any repayment history ?
extra vetting may be required if not b are they asking for loans while still having some out this is not against the rules ?
it is encouraged and courteous to contact current lenders to inquire about open loans c how much has a borrower repaid historically in total vs. how much do they have out now in total ?
piling '' or lenders continuously providing loans to borrowers with many already open loans is highly discouraged unless the borrower has a very solid repayment history
l6 understand and properly use https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/comments/6a624m/meta_the_usage_model_for_the_loan_command all loansbot commands https www.reddit.com/r/loansbot/comments/2ea912/loansbot_basic_usage to mark loan status
l7 for your convenience upon conclusion of this loan you can follow these links for prefilled posts regarding this loan paid https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/submit ? selftext=true title 5bpaid 5d 20 28/u/kassordly 29 20 20 28amount 29 20 28early/on 20time/late 29 message paid 20/u/kassordly late https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/submit ? selftext=true title 5blate 5d 20 28/u/kassordly 29 20 20 28amount 29 20 28days 20late 29 unpaid https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/submit ? selftext=true title 5bunpaid 5d 20 28/u/kassordly 29 20 28 23city 20state 20country 20of 20borrower 29 20 20 28 amount 29 20 28days 20late 29 message paid 20/u/kassordly
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/borrow if you have any questions or concerns .
this submission has been automatically removed because it comes from a domain that has been filtered for rehosted content .
please message the mods if you feel your post is original content and filtered in error .
otherwise we encourage you to submit the original source for this article .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
just a reminder we were 17.5 point underdogs in this game .
i 've had zero bugs then again i do n't play on old hardware lol
they just prevent the toe of your skate from getting scraped up when you fall .
they 're not necessary in that you can absolutely skate without them they do n't add anything to the function but lots of people like them to help protect the material .
they have fire pits and heaters ne 24th and glisan
maybe his entire mission is to break as much shit as possible .
the more shit gets broken the happier putin is .
fortunately random strangers on the internet are n't the arbiters of what rights i do and do not have so when somebody inevitably says some racist shit later i 'll call them out for being the soggy napkin they are .
maybe because he thinks that he is the salt bae of the art world .
honestly made me realise how good the stan beat is
these should load faster but google 's amp is controversial because of concerns over privacy and the open web https www.reddit.com/r/amputatorbot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot .
fully cached amp pages like the one you shared are especially problematic https www.reddit.com/r/amputatorbot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot .
you might want to visit the canonical page instead https arstechnica.com/gadgets/2019/01/facebook-and-google-offered-gift-cards-for-root-level-access-to-ios-users-data https arstechnica.com/gadgets/2019/01/facebook-and-google-offered-gift-cards-for-root-level-access-to-ios-users-data
i 'm a bot why about https www.reddit.com/r/amputatorbot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot summon me with u/amputatorbot https www.reddit.com/r/amputatorbot/comments/cchly3/you_can_now_summon_amputatorbot
it 's probably not even a full verse if he decided not to use it and if it does get leaked it 'll just be a rough demo version same for rihanna 's
dean has played in each efl cup match so far so i 'd expect him to start .
would also expect to see vdb williams and one of tuanzebe or bailly based on the line ups in our other efl cup matches .
honestly i think we 'll see some rotation but the starting xi should still be strong .
i reached out about a week ago and no response .
as a medic some of the comments on that post frustrated the fuck out of me .
because i guarantee the people saying do n't ever sign anything from ems they have no right to take your information etc etc would be the first ones in line to sue me out of house and home if their family member refused care and had a bad outcome .
that said generally no refusals of care are not billable and laop should absolutely contest the bill in this particular instance .
i 'm pretty sure they could do some hardcore social distancing at the stadium if it was just the families .
i 've also been way above the points threshold for nae and naw tournaments and not qualed in eu .
in the first duos dreamhack if we got the same amount of points in any other region we would have qualed and same with 2 out of the 4 fncs weekends .
i hate having to rely so heavily on my first wkey games but here we are .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
choked to death on a frog literally days after reaching the jedi academy .
unfortunately your post has been removed because your account is too new and/or you have low karma .
large subs have to have filters to protect against spam and ban evasion .
please participate in smaller subs until you have built up some more karma and then try again soon .
to learn more about reddit karma click here https www.reddithelp.com/en/categories/reddit-101/reddit-basics/what-karma .
we do not give out the amount of karma necessary to post here so please do not ask us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/crappydesign if you have any questions or concerns .
skinny dipping with my gf in broad daylight ... annnnd we got caught 🤣
i do n't wan na really die either i just wan na not be so exhausted all the fucking time .
it 's not selfish to want to be okay .
i just wanted to share that i read your vent and to thank you for sharing it .
i would never wish this nightmare on anyone else but ngl at least for me it 's nice to know i 'm not completely alone .
for me it 's nice to know there are others who get it .
hope you make it til christmas and past that .
i think that 's why 2 speaks to me i 've not come across anything else quite like it .
why wouldnt he just reincarnate in the states or something ?
humans are not biologically or physiologically designed to be carnivores .
we do n't have the claws or teeth for it and we do n't have the digestive system to process raw meat .
protein is not produced by mammal bodies it comes from plants .
farm animals are fed on grains and soy so any protein from meat is second hand .
vegans and vegetarians can get everything need diet wise from other sources .
the only thing we have to watch out for is b12 but again this is n't something naturally found in animals it 's injected into them .
i do n't get the weaker comment since it 's not meat that makes you strong ...
i can understand your concern bro but most of that slavery system what you 're talking about is operated by the mafias land and coal mafias being the elites in the field and not the corporates or the private sector which the government since many decades were puppet to since it was essential to keep themselves in power well things are changing there has n't been a harder crackdown on these mafias than it is going on today .
my own father used to belong to a poor farming family we 'd been well-off for generations until the government and the land mafia snatched our land pushing the family into bad times it was not until my father left home to make a name for himself and is a bureaucrat today.i know there are problems mate and we 're working on it i 'm actually seeing good work being done here give us some more years and we 'll be much better off.same for corporates i do n't trust them either man but the liberalization in 1991 greatly improved the living conditions for most indians and drastically wiped out poverty the west hates monopoly but the monopoly of reliance here drastically brought down the internet price giving everyone rich and poor access to the digital world now we have the cheapest internet on the planet with reliable speeds.i know corporations can be evil work against our interests and that 's why they need to be under a strict check and that 's why i 'm not a totalist when it comes to free markets i do want government interference it 's necessary but we ca n't just deny the fact that to some extent free markets have been useful to all of us right ? they might be evil sometimes and all such sweatshops in bangladesh should be cracked down upon i very much agree with you on that the thing is i feel too much of anything is never good that 's why my centrist approach to economy .
also i completely despise those kinda people who try to defend slavery and child labour and all such social evils in the name of capitalism
it looks like i 'm going to have to move the game to my external hardrive sooner than i expected
in this vein the austrian army attacked itself in 1788 suffering up to 10,000 casualties .
nta he might be feeling unwell but so are you and you 're both parenting .
it 's time to sit down and have a long conversation with him about how you both feel how work is being divided and what you both need in order to share parenting in a manageable way .
he wanted to be a sahd if doing that is n't manageable he needs to tell you that and you need to find other ways of managing this child .
honestly though should you have had it when you did ?
but she was infected and therefore no longer charlotte .
have you tried using normal milk that 's lactose free like lactaid or is it more than a lactose issue ?
many people who are lactose intolerant can tolerate goat milks fine .
i 'd think cashew milk may work better flavor wise than almond .
my backlog contains ff7r ghosts of tsushima persona5royal or miles morales
the united states played key roles in many of the raids from picking targets to ferrying afghan forces to the sites to providing lethal airpower during the raids .
the intercept reports this was part of a campaign of terror orchestrated by the trump administration that included massacres executions mutilation forced disappearances attacks on medical facilities and airstrikes targeting structures known to house civilians .
where exactly are you drawing your arbitrary line to justify rounding up and brutalizing children ?
it 's good enough if it brings taliban to table ?
could you and your infinite resources not find way that did n't require killing children ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlynudechicks if you have any questions or concerns .
i got like 300 shares but this is a long play .
the only thing that stops this rocket to take off is the lawsuit .
if the jury starts listening to the science bayer would already have won this settlement but it 's not only about glyphosat it 's about politics .
besides all that shit bayer is a innovative and healthy company long term 49€ per stock is a good entry
if he 's doing a whole30 or paleo diet he could n't have really any of that .
the green beans are iffy should n't have legumes but green beans are mostly pod so not terrible the cheese and rice are definitely out and the cheese being on the chicken rules that out .
keto rules out the rice most other plans rule out the cheese while cheese will be pried from my cold dead hands it 's really not good for you .
because while i agree that what you sent is n't as bad as fried chicken it could still upend his diet .
he 's making a lifestyle change and while it 's natural and normal for him to miss certain foods only he can decide if he has a cheat meal and what it will be .
it 's much better to get him a reward that works with his goals like a contribution to buying new running shoes or scouring insta for an expert on his diet plan that he could follow for tips and inspiration .
surprises should only be to someone 's benefit because they actually want it .
watch with volume on high or headphones for maximum gay vibes with catra 's purring
i 'm going to guess the second slot will cycle through amber lisa and kaeya as all the other free non-event characters noelle barbs xiang etc can be pulled on the limited banner whilst the starting 3 ca n't so it would give a more reliable way to get their constellations up if you wanted them .
as for the other slot it could be anyone really .
agree that it 's unlikely to be anyone who who will show up in the banner but until we know whos gon na be in the banners it 's gon na be difficult to know who will be it might be.z
what if dream did all of this on purpose to get tommy to team with techno and eventually blow up l'manburg and visited technos house to make sure tommy was there.he left the house without checking further because he say the tower and heard tommy eat the gapple .
it was weird that techno notices while dream did n't this was all dreams eleborate plan to take down l'manburg .
the only way to stop it is for tubbo and tommy to make up and to fix l'manburgs government to stop techno from blowing it up make techno the leader or something .
but they have to do everything they can to stop techno from teaming with dream since he 's the strongest weapon they have .
your post will be automatically approved in 3 min or less .
in the meantime our moderators will double check this post just to verify that it is allowed !
please take this time to double check that your post is following the rules and remove it if it does n't follow the rules or you will be temporarily banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nofeeac if you have any questions or concerns .
er der bare ikke mulighed for at ansætte flere desværre .
jeg kan så afspadsere noget men det er jo svært når opgaverne bare hober sig op hvis man er væk .
men jeg vil prøve at være lidt mere firkantet om arbejde i det nye år .
i disagree with the dangerous part ... you have 0 protection wile eating yet you have all the means of protection at intercourse if you ai n't using the protection that been provided blame on you yet you eat a bat and cause global pandemic ... .
and rape is the same thing think how terrifying is being beaten bandaged and stuffed food in you by force ...
as you see there is a correlation between eating and sex both provide pleasure and basic needs of living creatures and horrible if forced ...
unfortunately your submission nuke-when has been removed for the following reason s
rule 10 no memes about deaths/terror attacks/war/violent tragedies/school shootings/etc .
no memes about violent tragedies or anything that could be seen as glorifying violence .
posts or comments that can be seen as glorifying violence will result in a ban .
this rule also includes but is not limited to memes regarding deaths terrorist attacks rape sexual assault pedo murder war bombings .
breaking this rule may result in a permanent ban .
resubmitting a removed post without prior moderator approval can result in a ban .
deleting a post may cause any appeals to be denied .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
is she on her period or is she shitting out her vava ?
the last time i was insulted was literally like 5 minutes ago on this sub ... it does n't affect me because .. it 's reddit and there are a lot of crazy depressed people here you ca n't be here and express any kind of opinion without someone insulting you .
does n't help that just about anyone who 's willing to stand up and saying something are doing so while on their way out of the door .
i mean it 's great and all they 're recognizing what 's going on but it 's troubling that they took so long to say anything about it and that they waited until they were on their way out to say anything .
canelo does n't want the hard fights what 're you talking about😂
okay ty for the help i will try that tomorrow with some other things .
if i zoom in on the head it looks incredibly unreal .
also one of ops comment says it 's his father cosplaying and in another he says it 's him .
i think it 's a render/drawing ... correct me if i 'm wrong please .
edit i 'm just in denial cause it looks good
your submission was automatically removed because you used a term generally believed to be offensive and/or objectifying .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/transadorable if you have any questions or concerns .
it gives 3x rank too because rank itself is tied to profits from exploration .
i rushed exploration rank to elite easily thanks to 3x payouts
this looks like a piece off of a tacky wooden wind chime that my grandma would hang at her place .
i had a similar issue at my old store but it was n't taken seriously bc he did it to everyone and i 'm seen as a man .
your submission was removed because your account seems a little er fresh .
you 're welcome to create new posts once you become a hardened criminal contributor .
you can also bypass this requirement entirely by getting yourself verified .
for more information on doing so please follow the link below
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slutsofsnapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
also he seems to not be able to read or attend more than a single 15-minute meeting in a 24-hour period ... because he 's a demented sack of shit-filled diapers pretending tp be a sentient human .
evgeny ivanov on youtube has been putting out some great tutorials recently .
similar shenanigans can be seen at the calf raise machine
i 'm at level 37 and i would say 33 is pretty good as long as you do n't want to get him as soon as possible
the only time when plugging is fine when your oponnent has just horribly lagging connection .
however in practice there is something psychological that occurs within me when i know the option of a rewind exists and i play more haphazardly .
i 've tried that method at least three times i do n't make it very far before i 'm being cheap
i 'm sure others have posted this question somewhere on here but i 'd like to know if anyone 's experiencing issues with obtaining their separation orders ?
i 'm currently approved to participate in the dod skillbridge program .
of course afpc says 60 calendar days before pending departure date orders will be available in vmpf.. ... ... . ... . yep no orders .
tfsc told me to expedite again.. still no go .
local mpf is far from helpful and tfsc tells me again to allow more time .
i 'm on day 14 since i tested positive .
it 's really messing with my anxiety and mental health .
i have been very close to purchasing a ps5 as soon as it comes into stock but i am pretty much disgusted to see that the ps5 does not support 1440p resolutions .
i know that both masayasu ito and hideaki nishino have said that it might be added in a firmware update later but i just have been waiting to upgrade from 1080p without spending an arm and a leg on a 4k display .
have you also noticed that the g2 is blurfer in the vicinity than in the distance ?
it was reversed by alyx with the rift s. the gloves were sharp and more distant objects blurry .
how do i make new friends at this age esp during covid ?
just wondering how old you where or your children where when they started playing cs go ?
the chicken leg piece is found as the digestive and rich of protein of a chicken .
as it is also a rich store of folate that is similarly significant for richness and forestalls certain birth deserts .
they are likewise wellspring of iron to give you energy and certain b nutrients .
if you are looking for prominent place to buy frozen chicken whole leg online http brazilchickensuppliers.com/halal-frozen-chicken then at that point visit brazil chicken suppliers to get astonishing deals on frozen chicken products .
shortly after that cut off by a close friend who was secretly in love with me .
just got rejected by a girl after i put myself out there .
had an asthma attack at the gym this morning .
i 've been feeling really anxious and am struggling to stay positive .
i need to put myself out there but im finding it hard .
does anyone have the sample for i wan na be romanticized or are able to point me in the right direction .
it is n't in the sample guide and some digging only got me the name and website where crim bought the pack with the sample in it and that has since been deleted https www.reddit.com/r/g59/comments/gwz24s/i_wanna_be_romanticized_beat_stolennot_produced
you can find the full implementation of trait in the gist https gist.github.com/jorenham/67c6f3f2055a53e849de4a2583ed007e
note that this wo n't work for unless the instance args '' are a tuple so spam 'eggs ' 'ham ' and spameggs spam 'eggs ' will raise a syntaxerror but spam 'eggs ' is fine
does anyone has received high or highest graduation honors for cs major ?
i understand the college of letters and science has its special honor program but i can not find any useful information from the websites for honor in cs .
saw on another sub people did n't know this !
i made a rein tray and poured another layer on top to make it glossy once it finished curing the first time .
however it has been days and the top layer is still sticky .
got ta craft some new weapons til i get a decent roll .
i do n't know when or how but after test driving a tesla i 've decided my new dream car is a tesla .
it felt like i was driving in an iphone and i love my iphone .
stopping at lights by taking my foot off the accelerator ?
this post will probably get deleted but i just want to put this out into the universe .
one day i 'll wave at you from mine .
from my point-of-view it has been declining a while civ 2 was probably the high point civ 3 was awful civ 4 was pretty good although the graphics are now horribly dated civ 5 introduce one unit per tile 1upt which was horrible although most of civ 5 was still fairly fun .
some people like the tedious strategies involved in 1upt .
what i loved about the original was the feeling that here was a multidimensional game that you could play as you pleased .
sure mongol strategy was very strong but it was viable to build developed cities too at least up to prince or king .
as the game has evolved it has gotten more and more complicated and i do n't mean that in a good way .
in civ 6 religion is a chore endless spamming of missionaries .
combat even early can easily go on for a thousand years unlike every real war ever .
essentially the civ series has expanded abstraction after abstraction until the whole thing feels more like doing my taxes than playing a game .
i watched a danmachi vid yesterday and found out that in mythology orichalcum is stronger than adamantite .
it also does n't make sense why aegis a divine item would n't be made with the strongest metal so there 's that .
there 's also the fact that a scammer managed to snag lump of adamantite and never have we heard of more than a couple of people having oricalchum and the fact that a small fragment sells for so much .
this thread is for expressing how you feel stuff that 's making life particularly hard right at this incredibly inconvenient moment .
it 's okay if you 're furious it 's okay if you 're sad and it 's even okay if you 're just okay !
if you have done anything lately that 's helped your mood please share that as well .
to any users who have the emotional bandwidth to do so please consider leaving a validating comment on another comment especially one that has n't gotten interaction and that 's rough buddy '' https i.imgur.com/x5td7m5.gif counts !
this is a place for i '' statements this is a place for things to be about you if you 've been worried for other people this is a place where you can get validation for the feelings you may be shoving down because 'other people have it worse . '
i am hoping that rather than all of us shouting into the void sharing it with some real portlanders or maybe bots will help the commiserating feel better .
this is an experiment and it 's daily '' so long as people find it helpful the beatings mental health threads will continue until morale improves !
note thanks to all who have given reddit gold and other awards if you 're using actual money to buy those please consider donating those funds to your local food bank or mutual aid food distribution project instead !
i want to begin to understand how electronics/computers and code works and it was recommended i get one of these .
i see they have a starter kit on their website and it says no prior experience necessary .
i do not have any coding or electronic experience and i am considering getting this to learn .
even before the pandemic illinois offered 13 weeks of extended benefits whenever the unemployment rate is very high .
i read on the ides website that it will automatically extend .
is there a break or is it automatically extended after your last certification ?
austin is an amazing city but i 'm worried that everyone just moving to that specific city will absolutely make it hella expensive .
i 've been stalking the sc acrylic page and am really interested in one with a pcb that has underglow mechlovin and usb-c. also interested in some other things .
look below to see if you 've got anything i 'm looking for 😊
sc or other stacked acrylic alice looking for unbuilt that includes a pcb frosted or clear preferably .
so i have no friends but i have the two gifts to give out .
was wondering if anyone who got the free gifts to give wan na gift each other ?
all i care for is the vp for the danzaburo .
every game i own now has become so overplayed and boring ...
please i beg you people of r/gaming recommend me a new fun game for the pc .
something aaa something indie something inbetween whatever you have been personally having fun with tell me about it .
i ca n't keep returning to the same games only for me to stop playing 20 minutes in ...
i know i 'm not alone i have friends my family is very close to me but i just miss being physically close to someone .
i miss laying next to someone and being held .
i wish there was a way out of this but i just ca n't seem to meet anyone new that actually is attracted to me and vice versa .
i was supposed to have a date a few weeks ago and never got any response..
i just started streaming about a month ago and i wanted to start playing with other people but i do n't have any friends who play minecraft on pc 🥺 i just want to make friends with people who also play
i 'm a single career girl who does n't have a lot of time for dating .
sure there 's quick easy access to the meat market through apps like tinder .
but all of the best guys are taken already .
that 's why i 'm hoping that the ladies of dpp are willing to do me a solid and let me borrow their boyfriend husband for the evening .
some flirty chat over a a glass of wine .
but let 's be honest that 's not going to satisfy me and before long i 'd be putting the moves on him .
maybe i 'd ask him for a shoulder rub and the strap of my top will slip down over my shoulder exposing one of my firm round breasts .
the decent thing to do would be to cover myself up but i 'm in no mood for decency .
instead i look up at him bite my bottom lip and will him to touch my naked breast .
a soft moan would escape from between my lips as his fingers brush against my erect nipple .
i 'd tilt my head back close my eyes and wait to feel his lips press against mine .
any ladies or couples out there feel like indulging a fit attractive 20 something female in a little fantasy ?
i 'm more than happy for the girls to get involved or just watch if that 's more your thing .
a bit of a build up would be nice before we get to the hot passionate sex .
i am a former network engineer cisco that moved to it risk and i 'm now circling back to aws and cloud .
i 'm hoping to take my ccp before the new year but i was n't sure where to go after that .
what study resources to use for the more advanced exams as well
sometimes on the battlefield a student wo n't move .
i 've been googling searching when it happens but i ca n't find any answers .
for example right now petra has her full turn i have n't moved her she 's standing on neutral terrian but she ca n't move or do anything besides use items or wait .
is this a bug or is it something else ?
i ca n't seem to see any status effect or anything that might be causing her to get stuck .
quick update i accidentally zoomed in somehow on her and she 's got a little icon with what looks like 3 sweat drops .
so i 'm trans-ftm and when i first came out i spent about a week or so choosing a name i was comfortable with but knew that it likely would n't stick .
i ended up going by jasper for about 3 months and after that decided the name damien felt a bit more comfortable .
i 've been going by damien now for like 1.5years and suddenly i 'm considering a new name .
it 's frustrating because i like both names but i would feel bad changing it because i 'd then have to tell friends who i 'm out to about it and they 'd have to get used to it and so would i .
then i remember that i should n't care how others feel about it because it 's to make me feel better in my body .
tldr basically i need outside input because i 'm torn on names and obviously this wo n't decide fully whether i 'm changing it or not .
though i 'd like to know what some other people think about the names and if they think they 're good at all or not .
this is the 111864th time i made this shitty comment .
my physical computer will turn on although the power stutters on and off on some attempts but wo n't send any signal to displays .
also no power to peripherals like keyboard and mouse .
neither the gpu or mobo will send display signal .
i have no spare parts to test faulty parts .
please take the time to answer new questions or refer people to our weekly question thread .
if you make a new thread on the same day of this post related in any way to new driver advice it will be subject for removal .
please check out the r/truckers wiki https www.reddit.com/r/truckers/wiki/index for just about any question or visit our wiki page how to get into trucking https www.reddit.com/r/truckerslounge/wiki/gettingintotrucking .
if youre looking for conversation other than the typical stuff here come to discord chat https discord.gg/t7az8hu
pick a 3-person team send them onto the map they walk forward and fight .
graphics/art style most of the art if not all of the game had everything in shades of brown .
style was like that of an old storybook think like legend of zelda breath of the wild 's 'history of calamity ganon' cutscene though far and beyond more animated than the tapestry art of the cutscene .
beyond that general description i believe the character animations used bones and joints for attacks and walking animations .
not sure how helpful this vague description would be .
character designs were anthropomorphized animals but not the big-eyed animals of the disney franchise .
beyond being walking weapon-carrying animals they were moreso realistic than cutesy though again the storybook style is maintained here .
notable characters all the player characters were anthropomorphized animals as far as wearing clothes and carrying around weapons like daggers crossbows staves etc .
i can not remember whether enemy characters were corrupted versions of friendly characters or just simply abstract monstrosities though i 'm leaning much harder on the abstract monstrosities .
either way they were generally of about the same size as the animal characters of a similar class .
some characters i recall was a big-cat type animal possibly a cheetah or jaguar who served the position of an assassin and a pelican who served as an aerial ranger character .
beyond this there was an expansive roster of animals serving a great variety of roles .
notable gameplay mechanics gameplay starts at a world map .
after selecting a level the player would see what enemies they would have to defeat before they started and could prepare their team accordingly .
upon starting the level proper the player would be presented a fairly plain sidescrolling battlefield .
no vertical platforms of any kind just a left/right walk .
the player picks what order to send in their three team-members which establishes the frontline backline and whatever other relevant position the player deems appropriate .
the player can influence the battle by activating skills though how i can not remember .
victory is determined by which team makes it alive to the end .
the game has a large roster of animal characters which could be obtained through battles or through shops via free in-game or premium currencies .
character enhancements occur through level ups with rank-ups consuming 'character tokens ' of some kind .
character skills can be enhanced by using the in-game resources limited by the character 's current level .
then the characters ' maximum level is limited by the player 's 'adventure rank . '
in essence 'adventure rank ' character level skill level .
characters were of predefined classes determined by their attack range skills and stats and whether they were flying or grounded .
there was no way to change a character 's skills or equipment at least as far as i recall playing through .
the characters that you obtained were meant to be used as they were beyond the basic stat/skill upgrades and it is up to the player 's discretion to build a team capable of taking on the enemies set before them .
the classes i do n't believe were necessarily explicit but characters could usually fall under the following list
the game had a stamina system which limited daily gameplay .
the same kind of stamina system in puzzle dragons where entering a level would cost some amount of stamina .
this stamina took the form of suns if i recall correctly or at least solar energy .
this same resource could be used in an in-game shop to buy character tokens .
stamina increased by ten per adventure rank and the maximum was within the bounds of a few hundreds .
regarding the fallen characters characters taken into battle would leave battle injured .
they would be restored upon level up on the other hand .
this made taking a healer into battle very convenient as fewer resources would have to be spent restoring the health of the characters .
4/8 players looking for members that are willing to meet weekly to fill out our roster we are currently 1 tank 1 ranged physical dps and 2 people willing to flex one is rdm/gnb and one is sam/whm please reach out to me if you are interested we are currently looking to meet up weekly on saturday evenings est .
you can reach me either through reddit or through discord zaquexiii 1925 with any questions or applications .
as of the last post we are now preferring those willing to heal .
i joined discord today and my own camera was disabled .
when i right-clicked there was no enable camera option does anyone know how to fix this ?
so a friend and i just started a lightly modded survival server together where i am the main admin .
i have never really tried modding before and administrating a server is also pretty new to me i never really played on a server before either .
i have a concrete goal with this server and the idea behind it is having a loose environment with a controlled player base between 5-10 players i feel i can trust .
my main idea of a server comes from the hermitcraft series where the gentleman 's rule is applied with diamonds as the main currency for shops that sells necessary blocks .
i know the players from hermitcraft have thousands of hours behind the game and i do not want it to be some kind of carbon copy for my ideals to uphold .
i want it to be a free experience with no restrictions with grownups who knows how to be nice to each other .
my friend who has mainly played on different servers but is not really up to speed with the new content and meta of the game he has a more pessimistic view on players .
he wants some plugins to lock chests doors etc .
he also explains that players gon na end up stealing from each other and be whiny about missing stuff losing items by dying etc .
he do not really condone the idea of having shops that sells blocks because it would ruin the survival aspect of the game .
he is more into the idea of novelty shops like cafés and bakeries .
he thinks the main currency should be iron or gold but taking into equation that iron and gold farms exist it would defeat the purpose to use that .
can we really not trust other players and should i secure myself from top to bottom so we can deny the arguments from other players ?
i know that there is going to be some bad apples sometimes but should you really restrict the experience by having a more controlled environment ?
i mean it was bad but now it suddenly went to shit .
people remove controversial topics on each and every post ? !
i like the backpack 's size and features but holy hell is it expensive for a relatively new brand .
not to mention have to pay for shipping and returns on an already overpriced bag no thanks .
any other bags of similar size with comparable features ?
please see below sign call read donate everything helps .
henry and crystal trevino were fighting to save their daughter zephi .
they are now in a fight to save her life .
last year while she was being forced to have sex with two men zephi 's trafficker murdered one of them .
and i know this sounds insane but because of zephi being there against her will she was also charged with capital murder .
for over a year she has languished in juvenile detention awaiting trial .
henry and crystal 's fight for their daughter had initially garnered an immense amount of public support and pressure .
so much so that she was released from pre-trial custody in august which is unheard of for a capital murder offense .
but now months later the public pressure has died down and the da is planning to try this child sex trafficking victim as an adult which would expose her to a life sentence if convicted .
the da in dallas got elected by running on a progressive platform .
but to charge child sex trafficking victims with the crimes of their abusers is not progressive .
politely introduce yourself and say you would like for the charges against zephi trevino to be dropped and that his office institute a policy to not try juveniles as adults .
would like to avoid paying taxes on the s-corp income but not have a lot of business expenses to deduct .
it has fat-like waxy substance that is produced naturally by the liver .
remember when these little shits did n't even burn in sunlight ?
i use 70 grains of 2f under 1 1/4 oz of shot for small game and doves in my smoothbore .
every gun is different so start at 60 grains and go up in 5 grain increments until you get your best spread .
i buy my shot locally to avoid shipping costs .
it 's probably almost impossible to find shot right now with everything going on .
i found steve 's house to be one the least creepy places there when i 'd go for walks .
not the plasma cutter the torch it 's an optional prep
all image posts should be accompanied by something to foster discussion .
if you 've posted a picture of food please explain why in a comment so people can have some sort of conversation .
simply dropping a picture of food in the sub is n't really fostering any discussion which is what we 're all aiming for .
posts that are a picture with no discussion can and will be removed by the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/castiron if you have any questions or concerns .
theres ofc many reasons to support the roc over the prc .
roc remains the only truly democratic nation in the entire chinese territory .
it has freedom of press assembly and a functional democratic government all according to sun 's five power constiution .
the dpp remains popular among the new generation who have grown up being in autonomous taiwan believing in the taiwanese identity culture etc etc .
the kmt should try regain its appeal for example to explain to them the economic benefits of reunification or smth highlight the disadvantages of formal independence or smth
however in this current situation kmt should also not try portray a pro-china stance to risk it losing appeal as a mere chinese puppet .
the kmt at best should uphold the current status quo .
until mainland china democratises or smth it isnt a great idea for taiwan to reunify despite whatever solutions offered .
i see that one big hurdle would be sacrificing its sovereignity as roc and subsequently its freedoms to the prc if taiwan were to reunify
i 'm still waiting for mine ... been playing since day 1
i was looking for safe bet in o g and i find their balance sheet to be quite good to wear out the pandemic.. do you have ideas on other similar companies in this space ?
the stock has taken quite a hard hit but balance sheet is quite strong..
would you rather be involved with an atheist or a catholic that all you know about them
looks like i have 1 less person to tie/share my flies for !
flights for us citizens into the us have continued .
may be what 's driving cases in ca given lax .
there 's no actual evidence that that is true .
while oot 's sages on development had some intention of being the seven wise men oot went through so many production changes that it stopped being the imprisoning war .
so any claim that they are still that group is pretty much baseless .
likewise there are so many contradictions between what albw says happened in alttp and what we know actually happened that we ca n't really trust that the sages of albw are actually descended from the alttp maidens .
and given how fundamentally different the two demon seals are in the game it is more than possible that the albw sages are descended from a different group of sages that sealed ganon on a different occasion .
although i had two bugs today where i had to reload the last save which sucks but i think that 's the only bad experience i 've had .
my copy has been sitting sealed for like a year now .
basically an intergalactic invasion into this space through people .
i ... i ... i 'm telling you it 's what the ancients said .
make fun of me all you want on twitter or whatever but everyone already intimately knows this .
seenthe box with the 3 dots click that you 'll see files ca etfs
bet the mandalorian pivots to centering around boba fett the next season .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/athleticbabes if you have any questions or concerns .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo
i mean we did go to ot against the saints with foles at qb and monty had 89 yards 85 of which were after contact so it 's not super unrealistic
thats cus they think being libertarian means conservative with more gun rights
not a ton of public transport in that area .
it 's worth pointing out that the buses that stop along the pacific blvd corridor only run during rush hour so if you work even slightly odd hours or have to stay late they wo n't work well for you .
the alternative is one of the buses that runs up atlantic blvd on the opposite side of 28 all day but you 'd be looking at at least a mile walk depending on where your office is .
if it 's just preference that 's keeping you from driving i.e .
you do n't have a medical condition or something that prevents you from driving i 'd strongly recommend a car for working in that area
so me struggling to socialize or talk is a build up ?
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansbrunette if you have any questions or concerns .
reggie raid on me first 8 be ready please will add quick
some of the proportions are a bit wonky but the coloring is amazing .
definitely wan na see the improvements after a year !
i know i had more drastic improvements in those years
try running a cable to a homepod first if you have the homepods .
i get 400mbps-500mbps pretty steady in my bedroom by running a ethernet cable to the pod in the bedroom .
it 's to the point where if i 've woken up and have n't farted yet my girlfriend knows that i 'm not actually awake yet and wo n't remember any conversations or anything
lot of trust fund kiddos on this sub acting like they actually earned money when the majority of people live paycheck to paycheck and 600 would at least help somewhat .
i would kill for a second round exit to lebron
i just noticed but i do n't think i can change it .
i 'll check those two out when i get a chance .
the new ps store is so painful to use i do n't go there as much as i used to .
we sneeze to get rid of things in our body .
yet these fools are acting like breathing all that right back in is perfectly fine .
but also it 's natural that people are attracted to healthy physically mentally people just evolutionary .
i do n't go around the world looking at people and thinking who probably needs a lot from me right now ? ''
who has n't learned how to take care of themselves yet that i can let lean on me ?
no i have worked hard to be mentally and physically healthy .
i want someone who is doing well as well so that i am not dragged down .
i do n't want to spend time with someone who has n't learned to take care of themselves because usually that means i have to take care of them .
if you are overweight and do n't take care of yourself it broadcasts to the world that you are a person who never learned how to take care of yourself or is using food as a coping mechanism or in a rough patch where basic self care has fallen off the list of things they can do .
it 's natural that people veer away from those people .
of course someone in good physical shape can be mentally and emotionally unhealthy .
and of course someone can be overweight and more stable and mentally healthy than others .
but we do go off the most obvious signals .
so someone who eats healthy is a good sign that they are healthy .
someone who has put effort into how they look and seems happy and relaxed will get a good response .
because people are looking for someone who is self sufficient and wo n't need anything from them not someone they need to prop up .
so we are lacking empathy when someone is aggressive toward us ?
what a shocker ... but that 's human behaviour not intp .
i am sure people here would have been happy to understand you better if they did n't feel the need to defend themselves from you .
also people do n't ask because they are afraid of asking something out of your boundaries .
so maybe if you want us to try to understand you maybe you should also try to understand us ?
this said if you really feel the need to empty your bag and understand better i 'd be happy to hear your story .
either here or from mp if it makes you more comfortable .
but maybe you do n't want to because you think i lack empathy .
anyway still hope for you that things will get better
i would roast the fuck out of salman khan and back him into a corner hes so overly worshipped
slap an acog on there when a redneck wins the lottery 🤣
next year yes i believe there will be fans .
i think there might be limited fans in msg towards the end of this season .
i 'd hate for you to be any older than that 🥴
they only use local pd pick up spots also thats why they are easily found out .
for someone who is hard at hearing thank you so much
many jim crow '' laws were passed in the south shortly after the civil war when blacks completely ran the state governments and white southerners were not allowed to vote .
what a joke if you are going to close up and quarantine you need to offer a decent amount 600 ridiculous .
ca n't do it then do n't close up .
i mean having trans headcanons is fine for me but i do n't think saying rhetoric such as down with the cis '' is a good thing at all .
as an nb person as long as the head canons are n't harming anyone they 're fine .
i suppose people like drawing characters a darker skin tone to feel like there 's more representation ? ?
im personally indifferent on it so i do n't endorse nor shame for it .
sorry im not attacking you op im just giving my thoughts on it
i believe you get that after beating storm king in 4-3 and using the soul for the miracle
prachanda should do a ted talk on how he is such a cunning motherfucker .
no idea assumably when the marvel pack leaves the special section
thank you taking your time to write this out it means a lot .
yeah i need to get a job soon i 'm young thou so it will probably only be £120-300 a month cuz it 'd be part time .
i just need to help out with the bills until i finish my degree then i can start working and help my mum out and have my own place .
although she 'll probably have finished the degree she 's doing by then and have a new job .
the world could 've gotten a rated r scooby doo film written by james gunn .
op 's post history is just breaking rules on almost every .
when people walk behind me that 's why i always sit in the wall side of the table in restaurants .
i thought the cut was actually the corpus guy running
you can try the all in one app aitrillion for marketing tools .
yeah it 's on my purchase list as i 'll probably be only riding it in winter .
yes it 's odd to remove your mask and shovel in a handful of popcorn then put it back on .
but i see it as my small contribution to keeping theaters open and helping someone stay employed .
in the details of childe 's and zhongli 's banner it states that the two will be placed in the permanent pool after 1.2
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i bought a cheap 1080p 144hz va monitor msi mag241c va ghosting is pretty terrible for fps games tbh i would return this monitor if i knew what i know now and spend a little more for higher quality va if you really want good contrast ratio and black levels or go for ips .
i 'm sorry this happened to you but stay strong !
i 'm sure your loved one is in a good place now .
and i 'm sure she had a loving home .
i work in shifts so some weeks i get up at 4am and the other weeks at 8-9am .
when i have the early shift it feels like i have more time because i 'll be home by 2pm and i sleep less .
but i 'm also tired which makes me procrastinate more and do things more slowly .
when i have the late shift it feels like i have less time but i get to do things more efficiently since i 'm better rested .
yeah apparently the wife is the only one that 's allowed to make unilateral decisions about the family 's dog ownership .
i got my teacher to play shreksaphone form my class it was great
then be prepared for longer commutes and rising vehicular deaths and people trapped in poverty due to car expenses .
not to say you ca n't arrive with no plan plenty of people do .
but it 's better to come with a solid plan .
legalizing your docs is n't hard and you will need that done in your home country for china or korea .
it is a really nuanced take from a green-anarchist perspective regarding ecological collapse in the future .
to summarise the climate is already headed in a catastrophic direction whatever we do .
we have already caused innumerable damage without realizing the long-term consequences of which .
however present ecologically-friendly actions if taken will help to mitigate that damage .
it is very unlikely that climate change alone will destroy all nation-states let alone make the planet uninhabitable .
the sahara desert will expand and at worst will reach up to central europe .
sea levels will rise drowning much of the land .
simultaneously the melting of polar ice will create new habitable-by-humans territory .
also new territories will be created near the equator too desertified for it to be profitable for governments to capture but still not deserted enough to make them unlivable .
that would be the best place where anarchy could flourish .
getting fit is good but usually does n't make you all of a sudden hot .
sub to r/buildapcsales and add the zotac store to your web pages that open with your browser .
that 's not going to change his supporters view .
they 'll say it 's fabricated deep state coming after the trumps .
and while we might brush off his most loyal supporters .
so all that info coming out really is n't going to change anyone 's views .
trust is n't a switch you can turn on and off .
hope you can get recipes '' for other graces as well .
land owners do care about how you assess the tax .
imagine that we taxes properties based on the age of the structure .
the newer the building the more taxes you paid .
how would this influence the behavior of land owners ?
they care about the net rents they can extract from the land .
the taxes are just another line on a spreadsheet when determining whether a project is worthwhile .
they 'd prefer to retain decrepit old structures rather than build new ones .
now imagine instead that the older a structure is the higher the tax rate becomes .
in this scenario land owners will prefer to raze perfectly good older buildings to replace them with newer ones .
cities are being gentrified at a rapid rate at least pre-covid .
developers were already razing older buildings to build new ones because new building are more valuable .
a switch from taxing improvements to taxing the land will likewise change behavior toward putting land to its most efficient use as a land owner pays the same rate for a prime lot in a dense city whether that lot contains a single family home or a large apartment complex .
that is more down to zoning than to choosing the most efficient use .
these videos are way too casual about this mengele shit
also i really miss hermitquest i would fight for another season .
it was the senate obstructing a vastly better bill for months not pelosi .
why do you ignorants always blame congress '' and the government ? ''
do you not realize it 's literally only one of the parties ?
it died on the senate floor because republicans controlled the senate .
every time you get mad at the government '' instead of republicans republicans win .
they are happy that people are mad at a nebulous idea of government .
after all they are the ones constantly saying government sucks while being the ones who make it suck .
how about you stop being a bunch of morons and properly allocate blame ?
constantly bitching about schools with zero tolerance policies for refusing to separate bully from bullied then turning right around and refusing to separate the obstructionists from the other party being held hostage by them .
yes but he played a major part in the storyline we actually do get to see from silverhand in cp2020 .
in game we do n't ever see him when we actually should .
i just got grid autosport and it takes up 5.71gb if you download all the dlc as well
the person who made this is a firm believer of money ca n't buy happiness .
i feel like this was only true when i was growing up .
i want an m series next ! ! ! ! !
i honestly did n't expect the speed and getup that our cars have lol
i would always cover for everyone including the people i did n't like .
i never ratted them out when they left early or made a mistake .
i went out drinking with them we texted at night etc .
we always vowed to have each other 's back .
and i do n't mean straight up lie about something serious .
i always just acted vague like i did my know what they were talking about .
knew all their secrets and end the end they became flying monkeys to gain a moment of favor .
it was unbelievable what they would say to my boss or at least what he told me they said but a lot of it i could prove .
they did n't rat me out the whole time .
it 's only when the boss when on his fishing expedition that he expected them to help him dig up dirt .
there was nothing they could really make stick so end the end they just lied .
i mean flat out lies coming from people i trusted .
and if that 's what i know imagine what i do n't .
if you are interested message me here or on instagram !
more examples of my work and other styles/commissions on ig
could you please confirm if the source given is correct ?
revenue is not a good number to look at when comparing the company 's charitable donations .
profit is way better as that is closer to what the company can donate in a given year .
for example if a company makes 1 profit and donates all proceeds to charity that would be considered a very charitable company .
however by your math they are only giving away 1 of their revenues which is statistically true but it is also a horrible metric .
in 2019 tmobile made 3.5 billion in profit and donated 14.9 million to charities .
that 's about .4 of their profits being donated .
i know i sure as hell did n't donate .4 of my annual salary after taxes and living expenses to charity .
so i guess tmobile is more charitable than i am .
at the end of the day they donated 14.9 million to charity which should be garnering applauds .
luna was already dying after the 1st number so having her do a solo after would be cruel lol .
so how do i equip and go into battle with the unit after filtering them by what i want to see ?
i can see my pilot and tanker in the heroes tab but ingame i can only spawn with my infantry unit .
another of his that i have is called a place of my own about him building a small building .
holy only has guardian spirit for this fight maybe burst healing with apotheosis .
when it comes to spam healing the target shadowmend is stronger than flash heal 320 spell power vs 203 384 with twist of fate .
brady cook jacobs one lg ridley theilen one lg amari waller one lg mostert tyler boyd .
i always face decks with 2 small tanks and eq or fireball so its bad for me now on offense i just have to fireball cycle its even more defensive and boring
i do n't get it though its free no matter how much you are invested elsewhere its just there when you need it you do n't stand to loose anything at all by just signing in .
if somebody offered people a free next generation console no strings just buy the games you want i 'm sure people would take it .
yeah he 's never done a real program in his life and i hear him say dumb stuff sometimes like only doing isolation and how isolation is more important than compounds simply because it 's more isolated .
i had a dream about you having a dream about me having a dream about you having a dream where you were naked at mcdonald 's .
i think the op meant something a little different .
op said riches to rags not the usual rags to riches expression .
we missed out on a hall of fame guard that a lot of us wanted with a rb in rd 2 if they wanted .
its weird to explain but when something is in demand on diabolos it gets deflated to where nobody can sell it at a profit .
and if it 's not and it 's something thats somewhat wanted mats gear etc it goes for millions usually
not the best explanation i 'm not exactly well versed on economics
pltr is making me go on autotrader and browsing lambos again .
nah man i went to q a match and i went to get dinner when i came back 97 minutes still waiting
i chunked nearly half an ex-s 's health bar the other day with it 's down swing .
anything that can even my odds against blues i 'll take
i drafted bell in the fourth round and kept him all year until i and released him saturday for bowden jr. as well .
at the time i could still not drop michael thomas .
playing in the champtionship with hunt and gaskin/ahmed at rb .
ew that sounds nasty lol deffo going to avoid cheese then😂😂😂
need to orient a monitor vertically to work in it .
sadly i do n't think people will riot even if we get 0 the rest of the way .
the vaccine is getting hyped af giving people a sense that this will be over soon .
they 'll the media will come up with some distractions for a few months on top of that and there you go .
it 's a shame that in a way our outrage has to be legitimized by the media first .
i really hope people will organize and demand more .
states will have shortfalls this coming fiscal year and that will affect social services most of all .
if lincoln was n't killed the reconstruction likely would have gone better .
johnson did n't have the power with congress that lincoln had and would have utilized .
fuck 88glam they 're terrible i 'd rather listen to mario judah
if giannis left it wouldnt have been because of the bogdan trade .
the clarity looks so much better than the night shots i 've seen
boobs are absolutely gorgeous and nipples are very sexy .
that dude with the 800k in pltr is smiling right now
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nude_selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
i dont think filling in gaps '' should be at the forefront of anyone 's mind when making new star wars content .
the goal should always be to tell a unique and new story and that process should be what ultimately determines when in the timeline that story takes place .
can you explain to someone new to osrs how that 's the case ?
i know there are 1b lottery drops from raids .
you look like you are fun sized ! ! !
hello u/national-ad-497 thanks for your submission https www.reddit.com/r/callofduty/comments/khmoge/join_the_tanjots_warzone_private_matches_discord on r/callofduty regarding warzone .
please be aware that all content regarding call of duty warzone needs to be posted on r/codwarzone .
please ensure that you are understanding of our rules http www.reddit.com/r/callofduty/about/rules in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/callofduty if you have any questions or concerns .
ya that story of yours just hammers home to me the importance of the individual teachers and principals .
a lot is riding on them with the schools being up and running .
what i 'm really surprised about in our situation is that there have n't been any kids bringing it in while asymptotic .
i 'm thinking it has to do with the demographics of the area and it being mostly single detached homes .
one of my daughters classmates parents is a teacher in the city too and has n't had any cases in her class .
with the increasing case numbers i would have thought there would be at least 1-2 in the class .
the entire school has only had 2 confirmed cases total and neither of them spread to anyone else in their cohorts as confirmed by everyone getting tested as per public health 's direction .
automatics remove a majority of the control you do n't even need to touch the accelerator for the car to start moving .
in a manual if you fuck up you stall and the car goes no where .
that old lady crashed because of her age not her height caused her to brain fart .
more and more proof appears of older people should be getting tested every couple of years to see if they are still safe on the road .
edit what facts '' say it was because of height ?
someone 6 ' could just as easily do the same thing .
please be cautious when considering offers from individuals offering you items .
ensure that they post a comment in the thread to make sure they are n't on the subreddit ban list https www.reddit.com/r/gunaccessoriesforsale/wiki/bannedusers or or universal scam list https universalscammerlist.com/search.php/7inj3ct3d definite sign of a scammer and to see what positive flair level they have .
be careful when asked to use payment methods such as zelle venmo or paypal f f because those payment methods put you at higher risk of them disappearing with your money .
if a new account '' flaired person tries to pm you with an offer reply to them with automod scammer '' and mods will investigate .
new accounts '' are not allowed to sell items due to increased scam risk .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gunaccessoriesforsale if you have any questions or concerns .
roses are red quiet as a mouse your doors are unlocked i 'm inside your house
that way next elected officials are not tempted of bringing it back .
personslly what i hate is that you know they are going to toot their horns when this is over .
we got through the pandemic spending the least amount of money compared to other countries americans are tough !
paige is constantly taking damage but gains her health back by attacking her own diseases .
send them to north korea for a week in a work camp .
i was just watching rick and i do watch his videos which i think are just great .
but it is random and does n't follow a path you know like a book would .
honestly this woman may not be all that bright but her heart is in the right place .
its a dumb question but one she felt she had to ask to be the best mother she can be for her child i do n't really see any reason to shit on her for this
wesser is iirc actually seydlitz a former non finished hipper cruiser reconverted into a cvl
i always see bad practice '' as an excuse for why you should n't do the old thing and you should do the new thing instead but i never know why it 's bad practice
i 'm in a harry potter spree and none can stop me .
hi it appears you may be new to this subreddit !
please check out the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/mechanicalkeyboards/wiki/index for general information about mechanical keyboards and consider posting questions in the daily sticky post at the top of the subreddit https www.reddit.com/r/mechanicalkeyboards/hot for any smaller questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mechanicalkeyboards if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm so so lucky and have my dad to talk to .
i 've been feeling so down and suicidal and he has literally been on the phone w me 8 hours a day the past three days .
i love him so much and him and the rest of my family are really the only reason i 'm alive
i dont feel like playing through the game three times with the same build when theres many more i want to try .
well many people use weapons to increase their combat capabilities but the downside is that unless you have a hatsu that allows you to have more than 2 arms you 'd have to hold them with your hands .
so instead of having to hold a weapon with his hands he has the inland taipan snake with him which is covered in shu and can still bite and its venom is the most potent in the world of snakes only .
basically it 's like having a 3rd arm and he can use it in many ways such as the snake coiling around his arm and extendibg itself past his normal reach to have greater range and so on .
and with the user being a snake aficionado biologist it suits him very well to have a snake as his pet and why not use it in battle like a familiar .
also it 's kind of sad that to you a meaningful life can only mean getting involved in politics .
politicians and corporate ceos have the power ergo they are the only ones who can make an impact .
by the definition of meaning '' where meaning '' is influence change or progress '' yes those are the only positions with meaning .
i do n't subscribe to any of this because i do n't actually believe in meaningfulness . ''
people come people go and at the end of it all the earth will be a barren rock .
just have fun and cause as little harm as possible .
i like what ron has done with the team .
i think scott turner is a boring shitty playcaller though .
lets not just employ a bunch of panthers cast-offs .
that is probably not going to be the blueprint for success .
it 's the best way to signal to your professors that you 're a good girl .
kohli 's dedication and commitment to improving his game is by far the one thing nobody can really question .
the level of fitness practice etc he adhers by is honesty a lebron level stuff .
they will think they will until they realize it 's hard to move to canada..
they have stricter rules about moving there than americans do .
i like to challenge the abyss because what else will i be farming for gearing up my characters ?
it does look unlikely though my preference is for a no deal regardless .
i do n't know why you 're keeping up the 26 parliaments act though .
you know as well as i do that the parliament is fake and utterly toothless a pure rubber stamping chamber .
at this point pretending otherwise just smacks of bad faith .
so much better now thanks to you although now my morning wood is much stiffer
jay needs to learn how to deal with that .
but you are being disingenuous if you think that noah dating any other girl and noah dating his sister will result in the same changes to their friend dynamic .
again i totally agree that how he acted and handled stuff made him the ah and that the glasses part was malicious .
this kid has a deeper problem about feeling inferior and not secure .
perhaps even parental favoritism whether real or perceived might also be at play here .
and dismissing it as he has no right to feel that way '' and that there is no logical reason to dislike his friend and sibling dating '' which is straight up false as many people in this thread can attest to from multiple povs without addressing it and addressing him as the person i responded to above and you did is wrong .
they were one of my favorite bands in high school and i still listen to them sometimes but it 's not the end of the world if they call it now they have a solid set of albums and i 've already seen them a bunch of times
would 've been nice to see the hard feelings stuff live though last time i saw them was 2017 warped
it did feel weird when i went to the gas station and was like ok time to mask up !
the authors point is that as a nation none of the bullshit happening by republicans refusing to concede the gsa refusing to sign papers giving biden 's team access to space and funding and intelligence reports filing numerous law suits demanding recounts—2 in one state ! — and on and on .
i know a lot of us called him not my president and meant that but he was swore in even though he never once took his oath of office seriously .
hey if you 're interested send us a message we would love to give you our attention .
shipt bonuses are such bullshit and simply serve to prevent them from having to pay promos .
heavy as fuck but what a great reason to get in shape .
check out the drawers of the dishwasher you plan on buying .
ours is hard as hell to load bowls into properly .
did christmas big shop in a tier 3 area .
mother in law did her shop in a tier 4 area just over 10 miles away .
she had massive queues waiting to get into the store .
maybe add a clause that within several months of release items need to be available separately even if sold in bundles .
you can sell it in bundles but only as long as you also provide the item separately at regular pricing .
that 's all i thought as my cousin was having a baby .
that 's all i been thinking since my sister got pregnant .
the real reason i do n't want kids is i love my hypothetical children too much to subject them to this .
one day i walked over to my friends house and i told him on the way here i came across a fork in the road . ''
he asked if i took the one less traveled and it made all the difference .
i said no i picked it up and put it in my pocket '' and produced a literal fork that was flattened and dented from being run over .
we have become a laughing stock for every team .
we need to restore our glory and remind them who the arsenal are .
i hope this can happen within 2-3 years but i 'm feeling optimistic today .
i mean we can all see who supported this bill and who did n't .
i 'm proud to be able to say the individuals i voted for did not support this corporate bailout and fought for larger direct payments to citizens .
we 're not talking about random factory workers here .
i got it when i first saw it it 's ok i do the same thing
this is my usual go-to reference for examining something that could be abp glass https www.brilliantglass.com/how-to-tell-american-brilliant-period-glass-from-modern-forgeries
i aver that it is possible for djk_tech to use pixels so its it's a 211mb instead .
‘its ' is possessive ‘it 's ' means ‘it is ' or ‘it has ' .
if you think the errors which i found are incorrect please contact me through dms or contact my owner elitedamyth !
a hurt human expressing himself is a comedy for you guys .
you are doing great ! ! ! ! ! ! !
stop and do the math on your weight loss and you will see that you are doing even better than you realize .
plus you are a wee thing and weight loss will be a bit slower for you .
jeez i would eliminate them to make regigigas easier but then it gets rid of choice opinions for someone else to request those mons so idk
i hate switching characters i 'll finish it one day .
how the heck is sephiroth 's down-b supposed to work ?
i get that it 's a counter that always comes out but i swear i 've hit him out of it with both melee and projectile moves and i have no idea how or why .
also is it just me or does flare suck total ass ?
people say it 's good but the start up and recovery are insane i think like 12 frame startup when you fire or something ?
people say you can fake people out with it but it seems like you 're better off reacting to the throw instead of trying to guess what sephiroth will do .
good so i do n't have to buy anime or foreign films .
because i am happy with 1300 blurays i own .
i wonder if my measly acceptance rate has anything to do with it but this weekend sucked .
sundays nights are usually my bank nights and i did n't receive a single eats request .
i did receive a lot of requests with postmates but that system is god awful and not worth my time .
i like how uber eats allows me to calculate the pay more mile hence why my acceptance is so low .
i 'm sorry who 's forcing you to not only read these posts but to comment on them as well ?
if shutting the fuck up is the way then how about leading by example ?
first force your opponent to get drunk by saccing your queen .
then punch out his drunk ass in the boxing round .
winner get 's first pick at the bbq 'd steaks the woman are preparing for them and a kiss .
the show has ruined me i ca n't take any of these gasbags seriously .
chill out man it 's literally just a guy asking what a shoe is .
i 'm having a conversation now with an omni who thinks i have a hero complex and am forcing my beliefs on him .
that is definitely elsa jean not sure about video but browse she has a fine selection .
i absolutely believe that wenger brought into the idea that he was going to develop his own players on a budget after the move to the emirates and have never denied that it was a challenge he happily took on .
where i disagree with you is that we magically had the cash to throw around and spend during most of the wenger era at the emirates we took out 210 million in fixed rate bonds for the stadium at 5 interest being repayed until 2029 and a further 50 million in floating rate bonds for a long time that was larger than the clubs yearly turnover .
if you think that did n't lead to serious restrictions on what we could spend on transfers and wages i do n't know what to say to you .
maybe include something like this is elaborate in your comment so people do n't think it is the verb
nothing just surfing and whatnot i check with speedtest often because the drop in speed can make youtube stop showing hd or 4k content .
free agency starts in march draft is a few weeks later .
this is the core period of the gm role and every extra week to prep and plan with coaches and scouts matters .
also helps to be the first team advertising that opening there will be a short list of candidates first good team to open the role often can land the best fish .
defense is a dump stat spell sword is useless press 'y ' after you spin to move
there 's a chance they wanted you to switch to claudette and then fucked you over in-game when you did n't .
either way everything about what they did was toxic bullshit
please review the side bar for the rules and remember to keep season two spoilers out of your title .
to resolve this resubmit after reviewing the rules and remember to tag any spoilers you have this is the way .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/themandaloriantv if you have any questions or concerns .
i hate wrapping so i do what i can to not have to lol .
but true it can uncomfortable then i just try to remember to breathe .
i couldnt find any of those either for around that price
i completely disagree with everything you said because you completely disagreed with everything i said .
there 's not much left to say then so i guess we will see which one of us was right .
probably pretty soon too in the next decade i 'd imagine .
make sure to check out these other great onlyfans promotion subreddits !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans_promo if you have any questions or concerns .
is this a one-off or happening on a continuous basis ?
looks too much like ancestral and not enough like splitbark imo
but if you returned to work crb is not for you either .
i wish he 'd come to the west coast again !
i hope you do n't mean from the ceiling as a corpse
keep on trying and i bet they still taste great😊
even though we have the wealth to do any of these that kind of outward show of wealth would be a deal breaker for my husband .
i do n't think your husband is against fatfire it looks like this is more about exposing wealth .
could you try to understand better your husband 's feelings around this topic ?
once you know this it would be much easier to try to come up with a solution making both of you happy .
not around showing wealth '' but around relaxing and enjoying your time together '' .
that first experience ... ! going down into the underdark ... the realization that the minotaur was too much ... then a second minotaur pops up ... escape them just to be caught by the bulette ... !
ah the herd immunity claim something they suggested at the start then quickly changed their minds .
the uk never went with the herd immunity plan hence why parts of the country have been locked down since march
lancaster is nice getting swamped a bit cause people from nyc are starting to move here in droves .
i 've met some people who were on like amish mafia and those kinds of shows
sky mages are supposed to make excellent acrobats too so undoubtedly he wo n't be squishy for long .
it 's not like flying would have been easy if words are his weapons . ''
so many people repeating incorrect information in this thread ... you are wrong about how cz '' is pronounced in polish it 's is n't a tz '' sound it 's a ch '' sound .
with that said i do n't think william berczy was polish .
do you have any antivirus or firewall software that might have flagged something in resolve ?
i got distracted by the guy in the coat .
athens did city planning wise the worst decisions in the last century .
at the beginning of the 20th century they had the delicate situation of having millions of greek refugees coming from turkey .
to be fair its not a easy situation but what they did is insane .
they made highways out of rivers destroyed all the old beautiful neo classic buildings to build high buildings with many apartments on top of it .
to be fair greece doesnt have a lot building land because of its mountainous nature but fucking hell did they mess up athens .
the traffic is horrific and the traffic system doesnt exist .
i hope they can actually do something about it .
besides all that athens is beautiful but because of its people .
they shot this iranian israelian spy thriller show here apparently it looks like teheran
i 'm going to have to strongly disagree with you .
bill drafted aaron hernandez as a tight end also out of uf and used him as an h-back in line tight end split out as a wr and also played him at rb and handed the ball off to him .
that 's literally the exact opposite of an antiquated view of tight end play .
i pretty much just use titania for this reason .
i can get from point a to point b in at most 5 seconds in the open worlds and a couple frames on tile sets .
it benefits the party since we get to start objectives a few seconds earlier than otherwise possible .
for example the hobbled dragon key is part of my build lol and i only toggle sprint on to get between points quickly .
in actual gameplay i 'm walking '' and some speed buffs make that a little too fast but only if there is more than one going on .
speed in warframe is already a non-issue and it might be my favorite aspect of the game .
the only downside is the sense of scale gets messed up and it takes a moment to adjust to using a different frame .
i 'd like to know and specifically when it comes to warframe as a grindy looter shooter .
i 've had good experience with orthopedic associates of lancaster https www.fixbones.com
„let me help you tip stuff after i have broken your hand would n't make me seem kind now would it ?
suffolk county community college application fee there are many assumptions students make regarding the fee let 's break all and make a clear vision of it with us .
you should also check bachelor program for better understanding .
looking for some female friends that i can chill and games with .
also sorry boys i just have to many guy friends rn lol i play league of legends cod coldwar and if you want to play overwatch or rainbow six siege i can redownload them dm for my discord !
edit gon na go to sleep after this post so txt ya when i wake up .
i have a morkiepoo that is 2 years old and 7 pounds !
to make a long story short she has a weak stomach .
about a month ago i gave her a new treat that did n't sit well with her .
gave her boiled chicken and rice to calm her stomach and it worked so i slowly started giving her kibble back to her science diet small dogs .
every time i try to slowly integrate her kibble back to her she either throws up has diarrhea or both .
we went to the vet after 2 unsuccessful weeks and they ran all the tests and just ended up giving her anti diarrhea antibiotics .
the antibiotics worked for a couple of days but then more diarrhea .
we then tried to switch her over to her same food just the sensitive stomach kind .
i truly do n't know where to go from here .
as a person right out of college i can not afford to keep bringing her to the vet/trying new foods .
i died in minecraft on a multiplayer realm with my and my friends .
generally we all have full netherite gear by the third irl day and i was on track to becoming the most powerful early on which i had never done before .
anyways in 3 hours i had enough diamonds to make full diamond gear an enchantment table and a full set of diamond tools .
i also had 4 stacks of iron diamond horse armor 3 god apples and enough obsidian to go to the nether .
i had made by base at around 900 1900 away from everyone except anyone i had an alliance with .
i made my way to a savannah biome where it seemed pretty flat and there was a pillager outpost nearby which i had planned to make a farm out of .
anyways i headed over to the pillager tower stupidly not setting a spawn point aside from the spawn i set in my mine at spawn .
this was in hard mode so they did insane damage and knocked me off pretty quick and even with boots and a water bucket i had very obviously placed down i died of fall damage .
it was straight up about 10 blocks up but i guess the crossbow damage did a toll on me .
anyways i respawn underground with no wood to make a pickaxe out of .
so i break my bed and die in lava to get back to the surface .
i go back to my loot and it 's still there but i 'm out of hunger and i snatch my stuff but i 'm sniped by everything .
once it was a baby husk then a phantom then a spider jockey .
anyways the game did n't want me to get back any of my stuff so now i 'm sad and everyone is going to be miles ahead of me when i come back .
i love minecraft but i fucking despise it at the same time ya know ?
are gravel okay to be used for planting live plants ?
i 'm a 94 overall 6'7 offensive threat pf .
i 'm tired of getting sold in park by randoms and none of my friends have ps5 's yet so i need someone to play with .
a friend of mine is trying to install the mod through curesforge because twitch is n't an option anymore she has the mod but when she goes to log in it does not work all it says is play demo has anyone else had this problem ?
so i was trying to find more information on hsv and maybe some potential hsv cure or even to learn more about gene editing .
i was hoping that if gene editing had success in other diseases or viruses it would give me more hope for a future hsv cure .
anyway i came across a podcast titled life with herpes '' i 'm not sure if any of you have heard of it or listened to it but the woman who does them also has a youtube channel where she talks about herpes .
i was thinking that if we reached out to her maybe she could promote or even be interested in dr. jerome 's work if she has not already heard of him and his work .
i was thinking about dming her on instagram and hope that she sees it .
here is her youtube channel if anyone is interested in watching https www.youtube.com/c/lifewithherpeswithalexandraharbushka/videos https www.youtube.com/c/lifewithherpeswithalexandraharbushka/videos
i was wonder after watching some old chips is summits gtr in the nopixel server the r34 ?
looking for a casual guild to raid and complete mythic dungeons with .
i am a semi experienced tank who can learn the mechanics with some guidance .
i 've been playing wow on and off since vanilla .
i am 28 so looking for a mature group of players .
work from 8am-5pm ct so i would be active after that .
i know the vanilla chai is a powder but is the regular one a syrup ?
is it sweetened or do you also put sugar pumps ?
would i be able to get the syrup put into a coffee ?
i think this automatic green light while approaching traffic lights is both boon and a curse .
without it there would be tons of traffics jams considering the vehicle density in some areas .
however with it other vehicles also try to move just as you reach a junction .
this means that overtaking them and turning is infinitely more frustrating as you keep running into them .
do n't know how this can be solved by the devs .
the open jobs are command engineers builders terrainers and mob mechanics anyone who wants to volunteer please put your gamertag username and job you would like to apply for in the comments
i 've told my mom about this and we 're trying to get it diagnosed .
recently it 's been so much worse with school and everything happening in the world .
for christmas my dad suggested my brother 13 and i 15 order mugs for some people one of those people being my grandmother on my dad 's side .
my mom was worried about getting that grandmother and also my aunt also on my dad 's side a christmas gift i think from my brother and i to her i do n't have the best memory and ordered mugs .
now she told me she had ordered mugs and i just smiled and nodded .
i did n't really think to tell her we had already gotten mugs i just thought oh cool they get two mugs and also i was too anxious to mention we had gotten a mug for my grandmother already mainly because we had gotten her a mug too but she did n't know that and i did n't want to risk spoiling it
the problem comes in when my dad tells her we had gotten a mug for my grandmother .
at the time she was pissed off but we had to go to my dad 's house they 're divorced and he was picking us up after work so we left it at that .
she called my brother and i selfish saying we did n't deserve our expensive christmas gifts .
apparently my brother who had misplaced his phone a few days before and has a habit of doing so had told my mom and dad he found his phone in different places .
my mom was going off at him telling him he lied to them and that he was n't responsible .
then she came at me and told me that i saw how anxious she was over christmas and should have told her that we had already gotten mugs and that i had understood with my anxiety and all .
she then went on for another five-ish minutes about how my brother and i were selfish and bad and stayed in our rooms while we were at her house she fell while shoveling and if we were there we would n't have helped her etc .
the thing is about the mugs they have pictures of my brother and i on them .
they could easily be given to someone else or hell like i said before my grandmother could have two mugs .
yes i probably should have told her but i think she could have handled it better also .
idk i 've just been thinking about this since it happened .
tldr got a mug for my grandmother my mom also got a mug for her she got mad at me for not telling her i did n't tell her cause i had also gotten a mug for her and did n't want to spoil it and also i have horrible anxiety
roman reigns vs. kevin owens in a steel cage match for the universal championship
my friend wanted to buy bd to get the serpent spine because of the crit rate up sup stats .
should he buy or keep using the tfp claymore ?
i 'm kind a confused with the aio but it 's one of the cheapest ones i could find and i 'm pretty sure it 's still pretty good .
after watch interestellar i started thinking about the path of the hero .
do you think we could see the story of elliot as a hero 's journey ?
i played this on pc before i had to switch over but does n't the game on xbox feel off somehow ?
hello i would like to know if there is a way to have a cover page where i put an image or a background image without the golden line at the bottom of the page the line that bears the page number .
i 've been following this sub for a while and y'all encouraged me to talk to my family doctor about getting one !
i 've had awful neck and back pain since i was 15 i 'm 23 now .
my doctor knows about this history and she had no problems referring me to a plastic surgeon i 've been told my initial consult will be some time in february 2021 .
for reference i 'm a 38j/38gg 5'11 and i thiiink about 240 so yes overweight .
i say i think because i have a history of an eating disorder so i do n't weigh myself and this is why i 'm so anxious about seeing the plastic surgeon .
i know in canada we 're lucky that we do n't need private insurance companies if we 're approved through msp and i 've heard us companies are sometimes more strict about weight .
i 'm very anxious about the surgeon making comments about my weight or there being issues with that with msp .
are there any bcers or canadians who know if msp cares about your weight for approval ?
has anyone here from bc who is overweight gotten approved or had any issues with their weight and br getting approved ?
i 'm trying to get a rtx 3070 but before i do i want to be 100 sure that it will work with my pc .
how do i know which card will work and which card will not ?
hi everyone my name is zachary and i am the owner of zip media .
we are a social media marketing agency that helps business bring in more customers each month with social media paid advertisements .
we specialize in a variety of niches such as gyms dealerships restaurants real estate e-commerce and many more .
if growing your business and bringing in more sales is something of interest to you .
please feel free to message me or leave a comment .
i will happily go into more detail on how i am able to generate more sales for business .
bought both of these from breakout bras early in the pandemic and missed the return window .
both are new with tags unworn except for a couple try-ons .
truly devastated that i could n't make the starlight work !
asking for 15 for the panache 25 for the ck will consider other offers shipping within usa preferred !
34h panache nouveau in black 34hh curvy kate starlight in nude\/black https preview.redd.it/5oayb0kb4n661.png ? width=4032 format=png auto=webp v=enabled s=523221e9ae612458cbec0173774593f7c9b9e379
is it true that vaping say using a dynavap will get me as high as a bong using less weed ?
or is the high just not as good as a bong ?
anyone want to give him a new home so he does n't spend the holidays in the void ?
i have a 1 year old border collie and i 've noticed she 's quite scared of new places .
this year my partner and i drove from adelaide where we live to melbourne to see family for christmas .
we 've only been to melbourne once last christmas when she was a pup .
the only places we 've been with her is going between my parents house and my in laws house .
she absolutely loves going to my in laws house .
they have a dog so i think that helps .
i think it might have something to do with the christmas decorations out the front .
she constantly barks at my parents and my nieces and nephews and anyone that comes into the house .
she runs and hides under my bed and wo n't move .
does anyone have any advice to help her get used to my parents house ?
she wo n't take food when she 's scared .
i 've tried leaving her alone to see if she comes out .
for me personally i end up finishing my weekly and daily challenges very quickly and then in stuck sitting in the rec center thinking '' now what ? ''
these would reward one or two 5 star boxes .
however the challenges would have to be impossibly difficult .
beat 'insert quest name here ' 3 times in a row
get 1000 kills in paintball/laser-tag over the course of the month
but with these challenges you would have to complete all 5 to get the reward .
rec room themselves might approve of the idea as they want to keep 5 star items rare and usually only acquirable via irl payment whilst also keeping the majority of the player-base happy .
let me know your feedback or any challenge ideas .
the reverb g2 is my first vr ever and i 'm shocked just how naturally looking around etc feels .
it 's sooooo smooth i did n't think vr would be like that at all and the clarity holy shit it looks super real sometimes .
i was worried i 'd get motion sickness as i do get seasick etc but i 've been perfectly fine after hours and hours which is great
i tried using my mini-itx rig for my computing needs on the road but it 's is n't cutting it like i thought it would so it looks like i 'm in the market for a laptop .
thinking about the razer blade or sell xps lineup but i 'm sure that there are a couple of other ones that could be better or just as good but cost a bit less .
would like for it to have a gpu be relatively thin have good display and around 1500 .
less would be better but ik i 'm asking for a high quality sort of laptop so i 'm expecting it to cost a pretty penny .
i 'll be using the laptop mainly for youtube netflix some gaming mostly league but would n't mind for it to handle more powerful games if i wanted and in the future i 'll be using it for school and maybe a small business use .
so i was interviewing with this company and they asked about my salary expectation .
the next day they called me and offered me the exact same number i asked for without negotiating at all .
edit so maybe i 'm providing too little information here .
well the company is kind of agent/consultant company that works long-term with different clients .
located in a third-word '' country where rent and expense are both relatively low at around 300-350/month for both to have an average '' lifestyle .
and the number is 550-650 which i have to acknowledge that it 's above average for new grad here but still relatively low in hindsight .
edit 2 one more thing i 'm in a team of 8 dev but worked under a senior for the fe part .
now after 3 months that senior left i 'm the sole dev for our fe .
inevitably the responsibility increases but i 'm still far from once-a-year review .
that means i have to endure working underpaid assuming i am for next 8-9 months .
i 'm re-reading the gunslinger for the umpteenth time and this line stopped me .
i know it 's a question that comes up in the concordance discussion questions but though i 've always read it and found it kinda clever i ca n't say i really understand the underlying meaning .
partners who are engaging in secretive acts or people who are ashamed might prefer darkness to hide their actions .
but here king reverses it and i 'm curious to know anyone 's perspective on this .
it implies hiding the act is favourable but how would light hide it ?
maybe in the darkness everything is more visceral more real because the other senses are heightened ?
i want to be dominated and used by a mommy tonight
i hope everyone who is reading this is doing well .
i have been swimming competitively for about 7 years now and recently i am having problems with my right hamstring where it is super tight and really hurts
do you have any ideas on how to help this ?
my sister is a doctor working in a hospital and she has n't even got one .
as a college student i work in a ups store deal with hundreds of customers a day as well as customers sending tens of dozens of covid tests per day yet biden could n't wait like a month to get vaccinated with the rest of the old geezers ?
it 's legitimately fucked up how much leeway and preferential treatment we give politicians when they do nothing for us .
90 of our politicians deserve to be drawn and quartered for how they 've handled covid including most of the democrats .
they refuse to give universal healthcare in the biggest health crisis in the last century .
they refuse to give people even enough money for rent .
and then they get to laugh while skipping the line in front of us peasants at the back .
and then people have the gall to claim democrats are doing everything they need to be doing '' when most democratic states all ?
like democrats did n't do lockdowns aside from new york either .
it 's infuriating especially now that since the vaccine will be coming out right as biden enters office everyone will fawn and cheer over biden 's victory over the virus even though he 's done fuck all .
we 've started out by taking on the biggest '' bank in the state went to stopping an egomaniac from starting a nuclear war continued to empty the vault of the new casino and arrived at the current day taking riches from the private island of a drug lord .
to say the least heist updates have been a wild ride over the last 2-3 years .
and yet although cayo perico is only a week old i am wondering where r will take us from there .
cayo perico was fun and brought nice additions to the table an entirely new map a genius way to get a somewhat enjoyable casing mission the multiple loot thing and of course letting us freely choose how we want to approach the heist on a bigger scale than what the diamond did .
it would definitely be a waste to not do anything with most of the new things they established in this heist so there is likely more to come someday .
i 'd like to hear your opinions ideas etc .
ive just come upon a problem with my pc recently was w7 when i built in 2018 now is w10 my disk usage has skyrocketed fixed by some work arounds and nos the new problem has been when i try to download a game off steam it will download slowly .
and id say about an hour after it will slow the pc to a crawl if im not on it and blackscreen everything to where i can only see the mouse emblem and nothing will respond and i will have to reboot specs are i5-6600 gtx 1060,16gb ddr4 corsair msi z5,4tb seagate hdd
edit it does not crash on intense gaming sessions etc or overnight like this .
so i know that beginners do lvl 1-10 in exiles reach lvl 10-50 in bfa and lvl 50-60 in shadowlands .
veterans can choose to do lvl 1-10 in exiles reach or the normal starting zone but for lvl 10-50 they can choose an expansion to lvl in .
what i am wondering is can i choose to not do any of the expansions and just lvl in the beginning continents like the eastern kingdom from 10-50 ?
lights flickering at home in olympia and at work in lacey not sure what 's going on ?
i have a channel of 500 subscribers and you can check my video views if you guys help me out with a sub at 1000 subscribers im going to do a shoutout series and try and help everyone grow !
posts containing underaged children fandoms femboys are not allowed in this sub unless they are extremely nsfw and neither are reaction videos and search prediction .
read the rules please 2/3 of this sub is breaking the rule and it tires me to comment on and report every post that breaks the rules .
i just came here to say i love the audacity of andrew 's sister calling amira superficial and andrew selfish for traveling to mexico for their attempted immigration workaround instead of attending her baby shower .
how could two people caught up in bureaucratic governmental red tape in the middle of a pandemic be so petty and cruel that they would not simply drop everything just so he could attend a half-day party for an unborn child ? ! ?
so if you 're wanting a chance to have some fun and learn .
we are us central time zone based and play every night starting around 8-9pm monday through thursday and saturdays nights and all day sunday for the most part .
my friend and i just played a game where in the third dungeon the only opening connecting the room with the free fate in it to the rest of the dungeon was blocked by the exit ladder so there was no way to pass the ladder and get the fate .
hopefully this is not intentional and is a bug that can be fixed .
i just killed the pink rathian with the magda potestas 1 it went well but when i got back i saw that the defender weapon i can get does 1008 damage .
is it ok if i were to craft it or does it ruin the experience like the guardian set ?
there are so many people that have n't been to an adult sex shop but they would actually like to visit one as well as invest in men sex toys .
there are a few people that have been to this type of shop earlier but they are planning to visit again and invest in a new product to give them happiness .
i feel like i wasted my life and do n't have enough time to do stuff .
i do n't know what i want to do in life i see my family and friends already have a job relationship and i have n't done anything besides gaining weight .
i do n't know what stuff or have a passion towards .
everytime i want to do something i ca n't go through with it .
im just scared in general i 'm scared of this world i 'm scared of failing and choosing a career that i hate for the rest of my life i 'm scared of not being enough i 'm scared that i 'm not going to do anything in my life and live with my mom .
i 'm scared that i do n't have enough time to do anything .
assume that the familiar is within 5 feet of the vessel .
as an action you can magically vanish and enter your vessel which remains in the space you left .
the interior of the vessel is an extradimensional space in the shape of a 20-foot-radius cylinder 20 feet high and resembles your vessel .
the interior is appointed with cushions and low tables and is a comfortable temperature .
while inside you can hear the area around your vessel as if you were in its space .
you can remain inside the vessel up to a number of hours equal to twice your proficiency bonus .
you exit the vessel early if you use a bonus action to leave if you die or if the vessel is destroyed .
when you exit the vessel you appear in the unoccupied space closest to it .
any objects left in the vessel remain there until carried out and if the vessel is destroyed every object stored there harmlessly appears in the unoccupied spaces closest to the vessel 's former space .
once you enter the vessel you ca n't enter again until you finish a long rest .
while your familiar is within 100 feet of you you can communicate with it telepathically .
additionally as an action you can see through your familiar 's eyes and hear what it hears until the start of your next turn gaining the benefits of any special senses that the familiar has .
during this time you are deaf and blind with regard to your own senses .
i am addicted to both xanax and diazepam also i smoke weed .
i can never ever sleep at night and this is making me seriously ill
hi guys i am interested to know if elementy will support vala with the advent of gtk4 i am a new developer and i am directed to choose vala as the language for programming gnome apps what do you recommend ?
avoided social media so i went in blind the whole way through .
my friend and i played the whole night leading up to the mission and we both audibly gasped .
arthur just ate lead after helping john escape and all i could do was sit still .
did n't have regrets after finding out there were multiple endings .
that 's the path i chose for arthur and it 's one of my favorites .
i do n't know if this is the right place to post this but i 'm searching for books about f1 that talk about insights or things you would n't normally know/think of .
i think i 'll soon read the one from brawn total competition i think .
both english and italian are gon na be fine .
bois i 'm a huge fan from india and tiktok is banned here .
i 'm looking into purchasing my first nylon string guitar after years of playing electric and steel string acoustic guitars with the following specs
in the quest for the guitar that meets all these specs the only guitars i can find are that of ortega guitars particularly the rce238sn-ft-l https ortegaguitars.com/en/products/rce238sn-ft-l-m13575.html or the rce138sn-l https ortegaguitars.com/en/products/rce138sn-l-m11185.html .
does anyone have any experience with or thoughts on these models or the right handed versions or ortega guitars in general ?
how is the build quality and sound compared to guitars by other manufacturers in the £300-£500 price range particularly cordoba guitars such as the c5-ce https www.cordobaguitars.com/guitars/c5-ce which would also fit the bill if the neck was a bit slimmer .
alternatively does anyone know of any other guitars that meet my requirements ?
is there anyone else who 's afraid of your family knowing that you 're exercising/you 've exercised ? ?
😭😭😭 because as much as i want to i dont dare to in fear of them seeing and then finding a valid reason to make me eat alot more than i would 😭😭 anyone
the trumps came to the us in the late 1800s though .
dated a mormon girl for four years the most we ever did together was kissing .
she liked to tease me by taking her bra off under her shirt but i never saw her naked or anything else .
your text submission has been automatically removed because it only has a title and little to none self text .
when submitting a self post you should expand a little bit on the title in order to get the discussion started .
for example when submitting a question you can expand on what motivated you to ask the question .
basically we ask from you to provide the things needed to start a good discussion .
if you intended to post art instead of a discussion make sure you create a link or image post and not a text post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/art if you have any questions or concerns .
are n't most people on this thread just hoping that texas would turn blue sometime soon ?
true but a lot of people including me started with cs1 .
i wash my tongs after each use so i dont have that issue .
but im just trying to give examples of items that create distance between the snake and the owners hand .
a hook chopsticks tongs ruler anything clean thats a foot or longer works pretty well .
i definitely would n't use tongs that have rodent smell on them that would confuse the snake more than anything .
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_6 in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
the rich stay rich and the poor get even more poor. sadly it 's been americas motto for far to long .
this strain has been unbelievably purple every time i see it ca n't imagine how great it is !
due to the way tiebreakers shake out the saints game makes no difference .
we needed them to drop one nfc game either way only difference is now we 'd beat them on record instead of on tiebreakers .
for us man and woman it 's mostly emotion and touchy feels .
you 'll notice that most of the images here are posted of women and the preponderance of them seem to be taken by men .
i think that 's because capturing visuals on reddit is easy .
also women are better at looking nice than men are .
i 'm such a nicotine junkie that i honestly do n't know how to relate to that anymore .
i have my mod juul three different cigs and my grizzly .
it 's all a vibe thing for me so maybe that factors in but its super cool you ai n't smoked for that long .
why are you surprised about how anti-cheating this sub is ?
you used to a class room setting where people cheat all the time ?
nice touch would be to flip the boss stage upside down as a homage to castlevania .
i agree but the dm has much much more numerous ways to have fun than say a wizard or cleric or druid .
in the week with christmas we all gather to the relatives that live in a big mountain cabin next to a ski slope .
we play board games almost after every dinner and there once per evening the winner gets to pick one of the non-descriptive bag of prizes .
sometimes police are just like the king 's thugs that go out and pilfer money from the peasants
forgot to mention i had a 660 reading and writing but a 500 math ... ..i know ... yikes
the do n't feed them after midnight thing does n't make sense it 's always after midnight like what am i supposed to do
the crucial piece of information is that you only keep max level gear .
since you are talking about gs i assume you do n't have the expansion .
in base game max level gear is anything that drops in wt5 if i remember correctly that means gs 450 .
easiest to cheat on even involuntarily because it‘s so hard to keep the form strict worst mmc by far at least for me hard to go heavy on without involving a shit ton of other muscles .
basically why do these when you could do smith rows chest supported t-bar rows or single arm landmine rows ?
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/rwnyxbfx9p661.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
in order to eliminate spam we require a minimum account-age and comment-karma .
these minimums are to deter spam and are not disclosed .
please try again after you have acquired more karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/panties if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't even know what i 'd do with them .
i could n't eat them ... could n't bake with them .
not that periods are great but i do n't want a ton of useless eggs i ca n't even use to make yummy food .
oh ok. yeah it 's best to use the 6 star then .
two girls stole a calendar they got six months each
rebuild the federation share the spore drive with them and help rebuild the hypercom station network .
maybe this was the parent being passive aggressive because her daughter would n't listen yelled at her mom for being too loud while also refusing to stop blasting music in the am and then she could show her the facebook backlash .
and gave her a permanent hate of any arabs and muslims .
i usually spend between £30-£50 a week in aldi for me on my own and i have my two kids at the weekend .
i do sometimes 'top up ' the shop during the week in co-op if i do n't get everything in the main shop .
thought he was going to fall or the branch would break .
oh dear ... your chances are much higher for him to suddenly slide into dms .
no problem do n't give up and just keep trying .
it seriously just takes one video to blow up super viral .
so many people have gained tens of thousands of subscribers over night .
i have 11 e5 's and also end game with ithaqua as my main damage dealer on all my teams pvp and pve .
i finish top 15 in crystal have a positive winning rate against splendid amb russell teams stuck in pioneer 1 in vortex and corruption 42 in realms .
i also cleared death 100 without a single hero dying using her majority of waves along with tix for the really tough waves .
if you do n't believe me you can check my posts and vids to see for yourself .
it 's not fair to call a hero trash without any testing or investment into it .
even russell without the right artifacts and team around him can look like trash .
i can make a new vid of clapping more russell teams and even some sword flash xia teams with ithaqua doing the most damage if you need more proof .
you seem to be pretty misinformed on how good she can be when properly utilized .
but for the younger folk you have to basically hold them up with your arms and demand to see the screen with green tick sometimes !
in the last couple updates inovelli added the option to remove the built in delay they switches had .
the delay was there you give you a chance to tap the paddle multiple times for different functions .
if you disable that delay the ability to have multiple functions is lost and you are left with just on off and the third button as an option .
so you can choose instant action assuming you are using an offline capable hub or the ability to control or trigger several different things from the same switch .
what if the fort was headed by hafeez with his magnificent stache
the soviet union 's population was 170 million prior to barbarossa occupying it up to the urals means the 40 million people east of the mountains do n't have to be managed .
of the remaining 130 million we know historically 30 million died between 1941-1945 so that leaves 100 million .
german forces in 1942 were 2.6 million in the east and generally you need about a 50:1 ratio to maintain an effective occupation .
if you have no dragons does it just kill you ?
when you let it evaporate like that the tank only hold roughly 7-8 gallons
i still get nam flashbacks from the first half of that game when cleveland shot all those free throws .
how would you even identify them in a care scenario ?
in past 2 weeks you denied that masks work or said covid is just the flu ?
well to be fair she might just make the bucket float separate from the water
haha i realized that my alt and windows key were switched because i had my keyboard in mac mode .
solution to anyone who has the same problem and is an idiot like me
dont expect choice and consequencs to be implemented into the already exisisting quests that would take amount of work .
and i am not sure they would do that .
i 'll be on again tomorrow if youre interested in anything
this would be an apt description of the plot of harrow the ninth
great point and i see where you 're coming from .
i think the problem is the all or nothing attitudes probs not the greatest description or when behavior expectations/judgments are not equally applied .
i just mean that i would have liked to have seen wendy have as much of a problem with the terms hood rat and ghetto as she did with aggressive .
and while i do n't think anyone is wrong for calling monique out for getting physical i would have liked to have seen them call candice out for waving knives and putting hands in faces which can def feel like a threat of getting physical and for her verbal attacks .
so can i do it through the network without physically having to remove the hard drive ?
weird that some people that ordered after me have already received them but i know early orders had tons of glitches .
good luck and update me if you hear anything and if you remember .
hey jeremy the crows called they want their feet back !
if you ever see a threat level like this on your computer you should probably move on .
use the filters ... i assume you can at least tolerate seeing the instructors when you first open the app
idk why but now i 'm imagining this monokuma as a house of the dead boss .
he 's even got the red eye for the weak point
well it was basicly free so you cant realy complain
now it would be why the fuck are you wearing shoes that are ruined by snow/winter in the winter .
unrealistic there is not enough national guard to secure woodland hills ca .
i can walk out of the area without ever being seen .
plus public will not stand for such lockdown and neither will the court
elephant for my g/f and sloth for my mom .
so the build people mentioned here is just weapons and artefacts so i dont need to worry when i level my characters up to consider variables in stats ?
first off ... . do you realize how much of an asshole/douchebag you are when you say you must be new here '' ?
what drugs were you on when you came up with this idea and where do i get them ?
guerilla should take their time before releasing it for all the platforms .
but yes as a pc gamer i would love to play this game on the first day alongside ps5 owners .
virtually every type of discreet device such as inductor capacitor resistor connector led and so on has one to five-ish different files that literally start with that word .
there are no transistor '' files like transistor_smd '' listed on my system .
yet there do exist a number of standardized transistor footprints in the real world .
am i missing some files or was this work never done for transistors ?
you lost your damn mind that 's why they cast you in the wiz
looks like a one week stopgap is in the works .
i deleted that account and posts get deleted as well right ?
if you tried youd most likely end up immediately bricking your console
sure glad the steelers are still trying to establish the run down 14 in the 4th quarter
unfortunately your submission has been removed because it breaks the following rule s of r/livestreamfail
duplicate submissions will be removed to keep the subreddit fresh .
the submission we keep will generally either be the clip with the best timing or the clip posted first .
we recommend that you read over our rules page https reddit.com/r/livestreamfail/wiki/rules before posting again .
if you have any questions please do n't hesitate to message the moderators https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=r/livestreamfail .
she did achive what she achived in part because of the opportunities she had in france .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
he gets a lot of hate he has been dealt a terrible hand
shane 's evil too he went along with vic 's plot to kill detective crowley just because crowley was hired to do a job to investigate vic .
there 's no justification for killing terry but shane the ever loyal evil lapdog went along with vic 's plan .
shane 's a thief who knew going along with the money train robbery would lead to more incidences of violence and murder as the armenians kill those who they believe were part of the ripoff .
shane killed deadeye in the season four premiere to ensure deadeye does not make a move against antwon and retrieve deadeye 's phone that has antwon 's and shane 's information in it .
in an evil act of cowardice shane dropped a grenade on little orphan lem 's lap just because he said he was not going to run to mexico shane forgot why little orphan lem was on the run he was on the run as a result of cleaning up shane 's mess with antwon but he did not care shane decided that little orphan lem must die .
shane is an adulterer disgracing the wedding vows he took in front of his wife and god when he decided to start banging tilly .
shane failed in his attempt to bait antwon in a fight so shane can kill antwon and cry self defense to rawlings .
shane twisted twoman 's arm into tying to kill ronnie while shane is lying in wait which american society says is among the worst type of murder one can commit which is why lying in wait enhances second degree murder into first degree murder which is punishable by death .
trying to kill vic and ronnie cant be mitigated because the threat was not imminent the night twoman tried to kill ronnie while shane waited for vic .
shane not thinking about his children 's best interest decided to kill them and once mara gave him her royal blessing shane killed his son and pregnant wife .
his soul is in hell to be tormented for an eternity .
i checked his posting history and he has posted here once or twice .
what 's your qualifier for if somebody is a boy or a girl ?
if so what about those born with both parts ?
what about men who produce estrogen and grow boobs ?
when you start to examine your philosophy it completely breaks down .
gender is in the mind as well as the body .
are you also against people with thyroid problems taking hormones ?
we 've cleared the entire first region in co-op .
kk just dm me your free trial link on here ill dm you mine on onlyfans bc my messages are n't working rn
sure i would n't mind seeing warmonger get some more variety to her kit .
when her feats are nerfed that is preferably also replacing her alternate feats since they all suck .
she does n't need to be better in 4v4 than she is now .
put it over her food and her coat is so shiny and soft no more itching or allergies it seems .
in the summer sometimes a pill of no name brand benadryl in the food too if she 's getting raw spots from licking
if we had good universal healthcare i think a lot of people that could retire but continue to work because of the high cost of healthcare will retire .
that will open up a ton of great jobs .
i think millennials would then possibly have a chance .
might be worth trying to ask your professor for an incomplete and try again next semester if you really needed to pass .
i agree with the others this is not safe and i 'm glad you mentioned that you are n't donating any more .
when my brother gave his kidney he said the dr would have pulled the plug if his mental state was n't in a good place or felt he was being coerced into it .
i would hope that would be the same where you are .
if you can get out to a womens shetler please do and take your lo .
each run being different is also why i love risk of rain 2
jerking off to santa x elf porn until i come close to dying of a heart attack all in front of a jesus statue .
well my crush died and got buried so once or twice a week i go to the cemetery and keep her holes nice and moist
no that i do n't feel normal on ment alone .
listening to trump supporters ideas about election law and the constitution is like the museum curator character in fallout 3 who gives you a fan-fiction style recount of american history .
'' on july the 4th in 1776 a group calling themselves the second judgmental congress got together at fort mcharry in maryland .
after a ceremony which ended with paul revere singing the famous battle hymn known as the national anthem the document was signed .
from there it was sent to england by plane presumably and presented to king george himself .
here in el paso no one is getting paid .
not even managers and team leaders with accumulated sick time .
the company is n't allowing them to use it for quarantine with or without a positive result .
you 're throwing spoilers everywhere not only for me but for people that may not have played the game yet and 2 .
the vid shows something i have n't done yet and the conversation of something about smasher definitely spoiled me that i 'll be enemies with him .
please be cautious when considering offers from individuals offering you items .
ensure that they post a comment in the thread to make sure they are n't on the subreddit ban list https www.reddit.com/r/gunaccessoriesforsale/wiki/bannedusers or or universal scam list https universalscammerlist.com/search.php/7inj3ct3d definite sign of a scammer and to see what positive flair level they have .
be careful when asked to use payment methods such as zelle venmo or paypal f f because those payment methods put you at higher risk of them disappearing with your money .
if a new account '' flaired person tries to pm you with an offer reply to them with automod scammer '' and mods will investigate .
new accounts '' are not allowed to sell items due to increased scam risk .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gunaccessoriesforsale if you have any questions or concerns .
thank you.as i said earlier we in india have buy 2 get other one free.this offer is rare and often misled into counting.you buy one expensive shirt or trouser and get the other 4 free offer '' each sock counted so a pair of cheap socks often ankle ones .
i honestly think you should stick with whatever is most comfortable for you .
there are a lot of health benefits of sleeping on your side too y'know
not only i know but i have gained an inch in length from combination stretching weight hanging and jelquing
fuck yeah now i 'm in pokemon i can just go and catch arcues to fight the devil
the game is beyond trash and you should be embarrassed and ashamed taking people 's money .
i ca n't exactly remember which chapter lol but i know it 's in arc 5
oh i was thinking of my house which is much less attractive than outdoors
sit down talk between each other in a normal way and find out the what 's causing all of this .
both of you must be willing to do that .
if it 's unsolvable it 's better to be apart then to hurt each other by staying together .
i accidentally did an all nighter last night and at 3 am la time i got notified it was in stock in local targets and i managed to secure one cuz not many people were likely awake to snag one themself in la
it 's an actual rock that exists on skellig michael .
then they say you suck stop playing the game you dog shit player or 1 vs 1 me or get my reboot card the storm will not kill you
they could only smell/hear each other through to the door .
then we held them both near each other so they could see each other a few times .
then we gave them about 5-10 mins together at a time before separating them into different parts of the house .
also make sure they are both desexed wormed fleas immunised before introducing them too .
do n't want one to make the other sick .
how many can i get with 10 robux no tax
almost as good as that kid who threw a lamp at someone and told them to 'lighten the fuck up '
i took those too the other ones are not worth it in my opinion
the photo suspiciously ends almost right after the last reindeer .
that stand that got its teeth knocked out by jotaro grew bigger right ?
a maggio-giugno-luglio-agosto non abbiamo avuto nulla nel 2020 anzi sono stati i mesi di calo e in cui il virus era sotto controllo anche grazie all'effetto positivo dell'estate .
there 's gon na bossoms of every kind my friend all the way from the supple bossoms of 18-year olds to the saggy tits of of women old as dirt .
i 'm probably gon na enjoy the sight all the way until they start getting too old to be cougars just like mat will .
for ass-connoisseurs there wo n't be much more than min and birgitte as far as i remember although i guess the forsaken and some noblewomen will have some nice curves in dresses too .
as an ear-thumber in the same tier as my mad boy lews i 'm almost looking forward to the eye candy as much as the action and awesome moments .
only thing i could find is that the charity fulfills last wishes of the immobile and terminally ill .
this woman wanted to go to texel which does have a farm where you can cuddle with sheep .
to me it seems most likely she either used to live there or semi regularly went on vacation/weekend trips before but that 's just assumption
i 've got problems with isaac that keep me from enjoying it at all and cheif among them are that there 's just too much in terms of items and stuff for me to keep track of unless i wanted to put dozens of hours into it and that would n't necessarily be a problem but personally i find isaac 's gameplay insanely clunky and it often feels like i 'm fighting more against the controls than the enemies so i never actually find myself wanting to put the time into it .
an entire 25 minute reel with the direct intention of being a spoiler so that reddit could choose to spoil for themselves and then protect others who did n't want spoiled when reading theories .
whenever you gain life scry x where x is the amount of life you gained . ''
well yes but these writers are very good at making us believe one thing and then it happens totally the opposite
link to this video ... ca n't find it anywhere ... is my fav
great mom for sticking up for you for something stupid .
i 've been to france and unless it was an inexpensive place where the menu was written on a board by the front door they menus were always printed out and given so every guest got a copy to peruse .
nobody has to ogle a server 's breasts to figure out how the mushrooms are prepared .
nah g he has 12 out of 25 opiums left 2 eat 😋
i 'm a fan of graphics in general graphics did indeed get better but the bigger problem is everything else got worse so its shadowing it
bubbles and wells for titans and warlock also of course
is this cropped because id like to get reference of your hair on top .
tauruses like to be close and aquariuses love there space .
you probably felt smothered or that the taurus wanted to much of your time .
aquarians can come off unattached or not caring enough for the taurus .
my sun sign is taurus but my moon is aquarius my life is your failed relationship ... .but in my head lol !
taurians are known for the sexual prowess but that can wear off quickly if you feel like a possession and taurians love possessions ! !
aquarian 's need space your partner needs to be busy lol !
i moved from degiro to ib to be able to buy ark funds .
you need to jump through some hoops before they give you access to us etfs but nothing too onerous .
and we only had to chop the whole forest down to find it
maybe since i main hulk more now a days i do n't feel the stagger as much since i just ground pound all day
posting to this subreddit means you are agreeing that everyone involved with this rp including characters will be 18 .
you are also agreeing to have read and understood the rules and will have no excuse for rule breaking .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtykikroleplay if you have any questions or concerns .
the last half of tow was so stupid i did n't even bother finishing it .
i 've seen one episode of the new season and feel like i could n't be bothered to see more .
the content they moved to the new channel is the only stuff i care about but i 'll be dammed if i 'm paying for it .
i prefer to spend my money on quality content not trash tv
there was this woman who taught onenote mastery who was just gorgeous .
having said that it 's remarkably sexist and childish for me to base this question on that .
she does not deserve the rank of a jedi .
if you go watch that episode on youtube amy is in the comments arguing with people .
i saw some gameplay on android also but i cant find it on playstore .
they mean out of this group they want blob to go out first in my opinion i want seahorse to get eliminated it 's probably my least favorite costume
minha ex namorada teve um passado muito complicado digamos assim .
um dia ela disse chega saiu do mato grosso do sul e veio pro espírito santo sozinha sem dinheiro no bolso aos 25 anos .
começou trabalhando de vendedora depois foi operadora de caixa no restaurante que eu trabalhava pagou pelo próprio custo do curso de técnico de enfermagem e hoje trabalha no maior hospital da capital .
não é a vida que ela merece pois merece muito mais .
mas é digna se livrou de tudo que lhe fazia mal e é uma mulher 100 independente .
eu não sei se teria a mesma coragem e força de vontade que ela .
mas as vezes uma distância e uma perspectiva de um olhar de fora é tudo que a gente precisa .
apparently i 've heard they 're not even taking scores for the test until 2022
please note that a response does not constitute a doctor-patient relationship .
this subreddit is for informal second opinions and casual information .
the mod team does their best to remove bad information but we do not catch all of it .
always visit a doctor in real life if you have any concerns about your health .
never use this subreddit as your first and final source of information regarding your question .
by posting you are agreeing to our terms of use https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/wiki/terms_of_use and understand that all information is taken at your own risk .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdocs if you have any questions or concerns .
approval in other countries has been slow if any .
there are rumors that ema will approve one of the monoclonal antibody cocktails though .
i bet we see her get a car before the season is over .
we sent the devs a list of bugs i did n't get a response for 5 days and even then it was a yes we got it '' response like they did n't want to know .
no thanks for collating the list the experience was very abrupt .
nah let humans keep destroying the earth eventually it will reset and kill us all to save itself .
calm down guys arteta will make us invincible once again ... . in championship .
nein angewandte informatik soll dir eigentlich beibringen informatische methoden und theorie in anderen fächern zb bio medizin bwl ... anzuwenden .
oft wählt man dabei einen schwerpunkt und hat dann sogar vorlesungen in dem anderen fach .
dabei ist es unterschiedlich wie viel programmieren gelehrt wird an der uni gibt es da meiner erfahrung nach ebenfalls superviel theorie und wenig programmieren .
an meiner uni ist es soviel ich weiß sehr ähnlich zu ops bericht im bachelor gibt es ein dickes programmierpraktikum was dir dank der länge von einem semester aber auch nur ein wenig mehr als die grundlagen ordentlich beibringt ansonsten nur ein paar versprengte übungen in anderen vorlesungen um mal ein konzept anschaulicher zu machen indem man es selbst programmiert hat .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
also maybe if you had a penis and knew what it felt like to wear one you 'd actually care a bit
there 's this new thing they 're calling lodges .
i 'm not against normalisation in the absolute but in my opinion in order for it to be at least considered as an option israel needs to take bake the refugees get out of our occupied territories and guarantee that they will not harm lebanon in any way in other words drastic changes in the entire israeli policy that would definitely solve the conflicts in a fair manner for everyone.. like that 's the bare minimum ...
it 's saying not liking things simply because they 're popular is senseless .
..so people who like these things do n't work now ?
it 'll be the end of the world if they win .
of course there are so many quality of life advantages to lower number of raiders but there 's something majestic about having 40 people doing the same thing at the same time .
whenever you play retail and do 20 man raids afterwards everything just seems sooo empty it seems wrong that these giant bosses can be downed by 20 after you 've seen 40 circle a boss .
i for one will not miss having to wrangle so many people ... but i know i 'll really miss some special moments .
it 's flying on no news all spacs were green today .
it 'll drop a little more before da as people profit take .
the 54th massachusetts regiment memorial is my facebook cover photo and my gf and i decided to name our first boy robert shaw .
robert gould shaw was raised in a family of avowed boston abolitionists but he did n't participate much in the movement in his early adult years .
it took him a few years to find himself he was educated in europe as well as harvard but finally found his calling once the war between the states broke out and he rushed to join the army on the side of the union .
from there on you get a good idea about him and his experiences from the film 'glory . '
it 's one of my top films and gets a lot of the major details right even if the dramatization of events is a bit off .
unless you live on fut you can not use this method of trading .
it takes an ungodly amount of time for very little reward .
if you just play the game be smart with spending pack an odd nice pull in mm once in a while and you 'll be fine .
i do have game boost on and xmp on too pbo is on auto
paid menus were getting updates like the day after the patch .
the person who makes this could have released an update a week ago or a year from now or just plain never .
either be patient or go buy one of those paid menus .
harassing someone who does it for free in their spare time is n't a good way to get updates .
which features of these do you like vs the practice jersey one ?
so why wasnt it just aroind the corner in the 90s but it is today ?
ok ... ..strap in cause it 's embarrassing as all get out .
i hit puberty way early 3rd grade well it was the 80 's and spandex was a thing .
i 'm wearing spandex and we are to break into reading groups .
this teacher did it a little like captains i got to pick my squad naturally i picked the 2 girls i liked and a couple buddies .
well during puberty it kinda has a mind of its own .
no impure thoughts no brushing against it just rock hard erection in spandex in front of 2 girls i liked that probably never saw an erection before .
i think it 's rude for futures to start drilling before i fall asleep
i am in vancouver too and have n't found anything reasonable locally .
he took the negative karma to save a life respec
it would be really interesting to try making a small batch and would encourage you to try .
i have n't made a liquid goat milk soap but i have made many batches of liquid soap hp cp soap including a milk soap .
i 'm curious to give it a go now myself .
you have two options for adding milk to solid bar soap liquid/frozen milk or dry milk powder .
the saponification process typically does cook the milk a bit leaving you with a beige to brownish bar .
it is also common for the milk bar soaps to smell of ammonia decomposed milk protein for the few days after making it .
moving on to liquid soap you can convert most bar soap recipes to liquid soap .
some oils make a nice clear soap and some make a cloudy soap .
even if you chose oils that make a clear soap the milk addition would make the soap cloudy and dark in color which may not be visually appealing to everyone .
i would also let the soap paste cure for a week or so until the ammonia had evaporated before diluting it or making any conclusions .
liquid soap can hold a small amount of oils but not much and may need an emulsifier if it is fat or oil even perfume oil heavy .
hp liquid soap is the most common technique and would probably scorch the milk due to long cook times .
it is possible to make cp liquid soap and that is the route i would try .
would love to join you in bed and take that cock down my throat .
interesting to see them split the chicken on the breast side .
i usually spatchcock a roast chicken but i 'm going to try this !
but it got fixed when i beat one more boss .
and even oddly though when i commit suicide to go to pure black it took me 7 deaths which normally requires 6 .
a full standard doodle haircut ? what does she even mean ? !
that has to be matted down to the skin .
my weather forecast had been predicting clear skies that night for more than a week .
now it 's come and it 's completely covered in clouds .
you do n't have to be socialist to be left '' .
although like many other things attributed to our quadrant i 'd say this actually belongs in auth left .
california has a knack for mass producing half-thought-out regulations that they intend to be progressive but are actually retarded .
he is one of the cruelest politicians in the history of this nation .
he is a thoughtless ghoul that has never and will never care about people .
the workforce stays healthy and thriving with paid sick leave .
his refusal to see that is a giant billboard that says loud and clear he hates people .
if i ever have the chance i 'd like to give him one fantastic slap across his face so he 'd open his damn mouth when he talks .
i then would put the footage on the internet monetize it and share all the money with people who have suffered for far longer than the pandemic .
every elected official should be shamed for this package .
he is truly despicable and perhaps one of the worst humans to ever live .
they do n't need it to be motivated but these guys are alpha males they see someone intentionally trying to diss them they 're gon na try to knock him the fuck out when they get the opportunity .
i 'm not sure about that exact model but most of elgato game capture devices are delayed on pc .
when you stream it has to code everything and broadcast it so livestreams will always be delayed .
edit how are you setting up your elgato on the streamlabs ?
i have no issue with audio not being sync with video .
i can let you have the black one if i can catalogue the other ones i only got the pink one and the black one 😪
you just answered a question i did n't know i had .
would hard recommend phoenotopia awakening pretty fun game though the difficulty is
trust me when i say you should do this method https youtu.be/1d0ehsi-vvc .
the only thing is that i have had trouble trying to scan dark objects like my g306 if anyone is able to assist in why it does n't do well with that .
omg this is a perfect explanation of why my new car with better fov felt faster at lower speeds
lol i do n't know why you are being downvoted .
he had his issues and then he worked on them .
i hope that was the release you needed to be able to rest well .
it 's also important to remember that the liberal hivemind on reddit and twitter is n't actually representative of what everyone in america is thinking either .
it seems like a lot of these ideas get reinforced by echo chambers .
did n't she also make hermonie black to sell extra copies ?
they blew that neural zone play dead before they could have a free shot with it ... .
oh and the fumble looked like it was going in for 6 before they called it incomplete as well ...
i was able to turn 1 on coin put a 10/10 on the board .
opponent did n't auto concede so i even got to have some fun with it !
the major take away is that genz is pretty libersl .
some 70 of gen zers believe the government should be doing more to solve problems according to a poll conducted by pew in late 2018 .
that figure is significantly higher for gen z than for any other current generation with 64 of millennials and less than half of baby boomers believing the same
revisionist thinking is poor practice unless one is faced with a new similar choice in other words if you 're saying this feels like what happened before so maybe this time perhaps i will make a different choice since things went so badly that other time . ''
at this point the author is just expiating feelings of remorse but what good does it do to think if only ! ''
in any event who knows if things would 've really turned out better anyway ?
perhaps in that alternate timeline there was a different disaster waiting down the road .
people say hindsight is 20/20 but that 's being awfully generous regular foresight is 10/10 and hindsight at best is 12/12 but more often 5/5 .
no human i ever met has a perfect view of causality but when evaluating their own actions in retrospect when biases and neuroses come heavily into play ... forgetaboutit .
for real this new covid they have now seems kinda possibly even hella cringe
like that should be the first thing he checks before marrying someone .
your father does n't care about you now his new family is more important he did n't even get you a gift .
my grandfather is a master when it comes to getting those clean crisp corners and edges .
but also i 'm like grabs random pieces to patch parts up yup that 's done
for continuity 's sake factorial can be defined as n ! n+1 ! n+1 which makes it the same for every value and also includes 0 .
in an interpretive way since factorial is used to calculate possible permutations you can think of this as how many ways can you order 0 things ? ''
there 's only one way which is not to order it .
at a more advanced level there 's this thing called the gamma function that serves as a factorial function for every number except negative whole numbers and it has a value of 1 at 0 and at 1
at a more obtuse level gamma of zero is actually infinity https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/52/gamma_plot.svg but if you shift the gamma function over one unit then it 's identical to factorial and then you get gamma of 0 is 1 but it does n't really aid in the explanation
no wonder they were so cheap on black friday eye roll
to clarify the known issue is 453d as plex media server not as media file server right ?
he was mentioned a couple of months back in the comment thread in one of the posts in this sub .
no that is the weebs the veteran weebs are the ones who want to watch it
does that make you special lady who brags about a thousand men ?
lol i do n't see it haha says the one who brags a lot .
you might have dated women and know what they like but not all women are the same .
and you saying that someone with a 0 dating experience would date me is a quick conclusion to come to as if you 've seen the future as if you 've seen a future lol .
and the one who posts nudes for self validation likes and comments calls me weird wow lol now i would n't comment the way you did lady like oh your relationship wo n't last long people will leave you you 're only gon na get pervs to dm you blah blah etc '' lol because i ai n't like that .
have a nice day being weird yourself and enjoy your day .
if me being the one who wants something special in life is weird then i 'm happy to be weird .
i do n't need a validation by any person who thinks the other way lol because your opinion does n't matter to me .
throwing 1u at patrick beverley in the first basket scorer market paying 12 currently at my book .
if you had 1 unit on pat bev to score the first basket in every game he played last season you would have finished the season 62.99 units with an roi of 115 .
beverley was the most profitable player in this market all season long hitting at a strike rate of 16 with average closing odds of 13 each game .
compare this to some of the market favorites '' like kawhai 6.50 or ad 5.50 a bet on them to score the first basket in every game last season would have netted you 29.75 19.36 units respectively and roi losses of 42 and 23 .
it 's pretty easy to see the books are overvaluing the stars here worth a unit or two .
find more players outperforming market expectations at my site prop hunter https www.prop-hunter.com
you can still apply because you will be graduating before fall 2021 .
you 're just going to have to change your graduation dates but that 's it .
i am like this too lol i get cozy and i pass out .
my ex used to get so irritated because i could sleep all day any time of day in the middle of anything .
eating while watching telly will make bf sleepy that is what happens to me .
keep nice ice cold beverages around for him to sip on while watching telly that can also help .
i mean i 'm trans and i do n't have to check under my bad for jk rowling or richard dawkins ... bill maher maybe ...
i was checking her vitals tripped fell and landed inside her .
you ca n't change someone and should n't try .
i have no idea what the fuck these two word mean .
600 is also the total federal income tax that half of americans pay per year .
it does n't have anything to do with covid a rider is something at is added into a must pass bill that will convince representatives to vote to pass the bill .
why the fuck ca n't i just be happy with what i have ? ?
i just look around me and want to be like everyone around me smart or pretty have close people to talk to but everytime i get close to someone i get envious of them and it feels like shit .
i do n't wan na feel envious of everyone that shit makes me unable to be happy when i 'm with someone else .
since it 's known for the f22 raptor mod for dcs not to work due to ed locking the dll files for the planes like the f-15 and so on .
does anyone have a working f22 raptor file they could share ?
i have no idea if it will work but i would like to give a test .
i was fooling around with the defector in vr training and i realized how hard it was to kill enemies using the default time bomb '' mechanic .
you really have to be right up in their grill for it to work .
i was wondering if when activated the time bomb would display a ring around the defector visible only to the defector of course that would show the explosion radius .
i mind to do vault events from the hardest and descending .
can anyone please give me your top 5 annoyingly hard bounty vault events ? ?
i seem to see only posts that connect addressable leds to xlights .
can xlights control just basic dumb lights or anything that plugs in ?
like he reacts to things that home cats do he rubs himself on my legs he eats what we give him out of hand but clearly he 's afraid of humans .
i can sometimes rub his head and he loves it and falls into it can go on for minutes on end but most of the time he attacks my hand left some scars today .
probably doesnt trust people cause was thrown out and considering that it 's cold winter i dont wan na see him outside .
also he has this black moustache '' below his nose that reminds me of a certain character not to name anyone .
also ever since he 's been thrown out neighbors nearby moved to uk and left him be he 's been living mostly nearby our shed so when i go out for a smoke i call him and he most often comes out .
i 'm taking 25mg spiro about to raise to 50mg and intramuscular estradiol weekly .
are there any potassium-rich foods that i should avoid ?
i figured i should probably stop eating bananas and drinking coconut water but potassium is in a lot of foods so i 'm just not sure what to avoid and what to eat .
then again maybe 50mg is low enough that it does n't really matter .
does anyone know of a calculator or a formula one uses to figure out the exact vitality needed to wear stuff .
bonus if it can also factor in ring bonuses to vit/equip load
i have heard about people keeping the lights out for 48 hours .
is this a good thing to do or is it short of real science ?
so about seven weeks ago i dislocated my shoulder and in the process i tore some ligaments im cleared to swim next week but i got covid im asymptomatic and do n't feel any symptoms what can i do to start getting back into the rhythm of practice i practiced twice a day morning about 1 hour and 30 in high school and 2 hrs in club in the evening with weight room or drylands mondays wednesday and thursday
i 'm looking to order a few small parts which will cost 14cad in total .
i need these urgently and the seller offers fedex and ups shipping for 60 .
if you pay for either of these faster and more expensive options do sellers actually ship the parcel with those couriers ?
or is it just a scam to pocket the money and use a slower more economically shipping method ?
also wondering if i 'll get any duties on this order because everything that comes through canadian customs that 's under 20 is n't supposed to be charged with duties but i 've heard lots about people getting charged crazy fees and duties for their orders shipped with the bigger couriers .
i 'm sure this has been asked before but somehow i ca n't find it with search-fu .
right now i 'm toying with a list of a cr90 carrying raddus and a profundity carrying a gr75 which all have rlbs to ejaculate bombers and the bombers are angry and my only things that would start on the table are the cr90 and a couple of rogue squadrons .
now if my opponent picks hyperspace assault i have a somewhat deep bid mostly because i do n't have anything else to upgrade !
can i start with the cr90 and the three rogues off the table then blip everything in all at once ?
have nothing on the table at all aside from the three tokens ?
i 'm not saying that this is a sensible fleet but i 'm having a lot of fun with the idea of a super-squirrelly cr90 with et finding juuuust the right spot to drop the mc75 in .
i 'm seriously considering trying accutane but one concern i have is that i have yet to find a skincare routine that does n't irritate or overly dry out my skin and i feel like that 's something i should have figured out before i start considering how rough accutane can be on your skin so i was hoping to get some recommendations .
in order to filter it in the boiling process ... i just had a thought of adding everything to a coffee filter and have chopsticks piercing through the top so that it would be carrying up the coffee filter ?
if that ai n't possible could i boil everything and then let the liquid take its time passing through the coffee filter ? unsure what the best method is as i do not possess any teabags.i assume that an easy way through this is to cook/agitate and when pouring it over to the funnel which has a mesh filter straining it with the lid for the pot .
cooked two times all of the powdered got soaked together with the liquids .
need to get a tea bag/doe the cybs salt for the next batch .
will surely do it today and keep you updated .
however now i will continue with this batch by adding lye and then naptha .
i 'm moving so in desperate need to downsize my collection and pass on things that i do n't reach for happy to bundle .
verification is here https imgur.com/a/rdtd5mo i think it 's in backward order sorry ! .
let me know if you would like more info thanks .
9.50 flat rate tracked standard postage up to 500g 13 up to 1kg .
payment via paypal f f g s only if you cover the extra 3 fee .
will sanitise everything where possible with 70 v/v isopropyl alcohol .
❌ sold lime crime venus 1 and 2 palettes only used a few times each .
kat von d metal matte palette limited edition almost like new some shades have n't been touched .
kat von d serpentina palette limited edition used about 3 times .
jeffree star androgyny palette used a few times almost like new .
huda beauty textured shadows rose gold this is the original one with the first formula so a few years old used a few times still in great condition .
carli bybel x bh cosmetics palettes limited edition these were purchased a few years ago however are completely unused the plastic seal is still secured .
itsmyrayeraye x bh cosmetics palette limited edition some shades used 1-2 times .
violet voss laura lee and pro palettes each used a few times 20 each
jouer highlighters citrine rose gold rose quartz all used lightly several times .
wet n wild boozy brunch used a few times .
wet n wild megaglo precious petals used a few times 5
makeup revolution shimmer brick radiant used a few times 5
dose of colors x iluvsarahii sol mate limited edition used a few times .
dose of colors x desi katy chasing the sun mirame fuego limited edition used several times .
chi chi highlighting contouring palette used a few times .
makeup geek x kathleenlights highlight palette limited edition from a few years ago used a few times still in good condition 30
colourpop pressed powder duo face palettes the knockout double play done deal alexis ren barely used .
becca shimmering skin perfector opal 20ml new unused with seal intact .
coloured raine matte liquid lipsticks pink caffe suede latte nude mars bachelorette mocha spiked punch brick house cherry blossom frappe in separate pic used only a couple times each except cherry blossom which is unused .
lime crime liquid lipsticks cashmere and m lf used once .
too faced mini melted matte sugar cookie used once .
gerard cosmetics hydramattes invasion mile high and skinny dip used 1-2 times .
gerard cosmetics bullet lipsticks mystic moon enchante used a few times .
lime crime diamond crushers fluke lit used once each .
jeffree star cosmetics baby daddy posh spice mannequin deceased used once 12 each
nyx lip lingerie embellishment teddy beauty mark used once 3 each
bh cosmetics liquid lipstick not sure of shade name as sticker fell off but it is a taupey greige used once 3
colourpop ultra glossy lips wolfie my jam fairy floss used once 3 each
colourpop ultra matte lip lil pump used a few times 3
j.one https j.one jelly packs original and black used several times still plenty left .
nip fab viper venom micro blur fix used a few times 3
when i personally read rahul 's past tweets and ig posts for the very first time i held back and gave him a benefit of doubt because first thing the tweets were old and secondly i really liked him as a contestant found him very entertaining during initial weeks .
i noticed that he does have a regressive mindset and a hint of benevolent sexism in his nature .
i do n't know if people here remember this or not but he has quite a few times given statements like arey auraton jaisi harqate mat kar mard ban '' during his arguments with some men from the bb house .
his entire mountain ocean analogy of male and female private parts was completely out of the blue and seemed creepy .
he feels rubina is authoratative '' towards her husband but has no qualms when aly shuts up jasmin time and again quite rudely in front of everybody .
i am not saying that he is a pathetic person .
ofcourse many people from our own family might have a regressive outlook towards genders .
but i feel rahul being a public figure who has the power to influence people should definitely be called out for his problematic views .
so anyway like i say they 've been trying to annoy me for so very long i get really sick of them
i know they 're not going to be able to keep me very much longer
and like i say no they never going to be able to access my money or finances and check that was their problem
so so anyway like i said i had to put up with rick bush saying so many things to me and it was so annoying and pathetic
anyway though you could probably engine eventually find out and see everything that he said to me in did around me
so i mean like i say rick bush thought he was proving himself and this and that realistically is looking like a complete and total idiot
so anyways like i said yes it 's treason yes many of the things that they were doing or very unlegal including keeping me from my finances as well as many other things and like i said many people around me get to deal with that live without later on and yes the government america really does care and really did or was going to do something about it i do n't know why something has n't been done and no i 'm earth in america will never be that important
eventually i mean like i said many other planets have been trying to contact earth and humans
so so like i say rick bush and rodney and blah blah we 're going to this and that and i said i do n't think they 're ever going to be able to do anything
i america is responsible for trying to attack and trying to take over other planets that is very well known
and yesterday i heard some really good really nice really wonderful people very badly and a lot of other people and planets are very angry .
i got to say eventually they 're going deal with it
and like i said yes the first human colony ship is actually on another planet somewhere else
which is funny because earth has been trying to cover it up of course at the time kennedy was trying to say that he invented so much
i mean like i say my rocket engine is actually the german rocket engine so that 's where they got it from
so anyway like i said they expected that they could kill everyone in germany in this and that trying to say that my fly was white supremacist had nothing to do with my flag
so i 'm sure rodney and rick bush said many things and had nothing to do with me never will
in fact many of the things that they were saying actually here kind of jittery too many things that were known about me
so like i said maybe eventually people grow old and forget although america is not the good country at all and they spend so much time trying to cover up everything that they 've been doing
so so like i say many people are going to find out many things like how america really never invented anything they never invented the jet they never had jets they got all that from other countries mostly because of me
so so anyway like i said i do n't know what americans and people in this country are ever going to do about it i know they ca n't cover it up or deny it
yes rick bush and rodney and everyone else had all this planned out and many people knew it then like i said i 've already seen it
i never actually been trying to do this for a very long time like i said rick bush trying to say that he was part of america or something like that i mean the scam only lasted for about two years although maybe they thought they could have me killed that fast
i mean like i say there 's many things that many humans are going to have to do with an american and you 're not going to feel very proud i mean you can try
they 're only pride of america when he could point in america were actually when i was actually in power and running the country after that is really horrible
i 'm snow america will never have that much technology china and germany in just about everyone else has way more technology
america laughing spend the rest of his of its existence trying to steal from or get other people 's technology
like i say i ca n't believe americans are people actually say that asians are whatever and no no japanese ever do anything wrong nor chinese everything you hear about chinese being whatever is fake
americans tried to cut off the penis of the chinese people trying to blame them for rapes that because americans had raped so many people
i said it 's very interesting thing that happened when americans did that they actually made people that would never give up and would do things
i actually knew that those people have been wrongfully accused and cared about them and like i said they actually knew me and knew about me brakebush and rodney and so many other people besides trying to take credit for so many things also like i say so i do n't know what they expect to happen or what they thought they could prove the last 40 year 80 years
i know i thought they were really pathetic and i was n't going to waste my time with him i doubt anyone else 's
so now they 're never going to show me up or show how whatever and no he 'll never prove that i am inside of the white house or have access to my money 250 people have gone there and none of them have done that brakebush in rodney and other people thought that maybe 3 or whatever blah blah and it 's like nope and they all find out the truth anyway
anyway like i say rick bush and rodney and blah blah and i 'm really sick of it
so anyway i doubt that anyone does n't know about them and how horrible they are and yes all the problems trace right back to them
i 'm so like i say they 're in a lot of trouble and there 's no end to it
they 're actually looking at treason life sentences 40 years ago
i gave her rodney an offer that i would be nicer to him if he did certain things and unfortunately he did n't do what i had asked .
i mean i could have stopped make bushes in rodney 's punishment no one else can does n't matter where we are he 's still going to suffer a very long time
brakebush did n't actually understand that no matter what kind of type you was or where he was and many others would punish him just because of who i am
brakebush in other people eventually found out many things about me and then that 's when they started trying to say that they are me though i mean they had to find out about me so
so anyway like i said many others watch them and stuff like that so
anyway so they 've been wasting 40 years and actually most are trying to say that i was dead or that they had proven whatever and like i said well that did n't really work out
so so anyway like i said they have nothing but inflation in her bank rutherfordton really in big trouble i know america is n't that valuable they 've been trying to claim that i was whatever and yes i am not valuable though i 'm not part of anything that they 're doing or america
i do n't back the money or anything like that i 'm not offering anything in fact i was drew all my offers and even though ric tuition rodney tried to say this and try to say that many people found out anyway
anyway like i said a lot of humans with find out about earth and america and no america 's never going to be important or anything like that even though many people are trying to say how blah blah they 're not i 'm that person and i have nothing to do with them so
so anyway like i say they tried all that war failed lost all their vessels many people took away their technologies from humans
they tried to get me to invent for them i realize what they were doing and stopped
but like i said i did stop kennedy form killing germans and the chinese can i did n't realize that he was actually fighting me
so anyway like i say i 'm really sick of them saying s they 've been saying s for a long time she i wonder why are so many people dead
so like i say i was surprised that america can cover up what they did to china though i mean i won the war and push them out
i mean most people are actually a lot more enthusiastic when i 'm behind them america does n't have any real leaders like that anymore
and i 'm really upset about what german but america has been doing to the middle east as well as the germans in other countries like i said they 've been trying to cover it up for a long time but the truth is everyone knows that america is the problem
saying for the past fifty years they 've tried to blame the communists the germans and blah blah blah and it was america 's anti-corruption crap
i 'm in america was targeting the people that defended germany like i say i do n't know how anyone could actually feel proud about america at all the only good part of america was when i was actually running things and i 'm not running them anymore and mostly because rodney and rick bush could n't actually runner magic country and actually need me to make it into something before they tried to take it over to be so stupid and failed and lost all their technology
so i mean like i say this is huge swath of over and over and over again proof
rick bush rodney that 's it eventually they have to try and use other people
so i know they 've been saying that lucifer is in the white house and this and that and blah blah i know but everything that they said before actually being lord means i know things
i do n't really know why humans and people around me have been wasting my time now i had no doubts about their intentions or what they were doing
though i know there worthy of nothing i 'm very disappointed
i guess i a tell me a really long time and no they do n't have a lower door protector or anyone that cares about them
i expect americans or someone to go right back to forced sex just like they were doing in the 1960s like i say that was actually rick bush and rodney and other people and eventually they had to let me going like i said i forced them to stop
and like i said they 're killing other people to try and keep me from finding out though i kind of knew already and did find out anyway
science and the american military got kind of set up in sick of it and started refusing to do the kinds of things that they wanted done
so anyway like i say everyone knows about america and they did n't hide anything and no one was ever deceived
and no i would never bomb cities exact lot of people knew i did not ever target the people
so that 's a real problem with them blaming me for what america did during world war 1 to germany
so and realistically on the only one who does targeted strikes and everything else like that mostly everyone else just goes in spraying and killing everyone i 'm trying to call them all terrorist
though i 'm pretty sure the world is fed up with americans
americans were trying to pretend like they were so special and whatever and guess they were special when my people were still alive once they killed the germans and irish and other people they were n't special anymore
and like i said no they could n't cover it up especially from me and i was the one person that they were trying to hide things from
when they found out that they could n't hide it from me and this and that they thought they could just kill me like you some other person so anyway like i said where is thousands of years in and well still not dead kind of wine to die would have been a better use of my time
i mean like i said i was just putting up with things that eventually got sick of it and fixed a bunch of stuff i 'm a first-rate version rodney and like i say nothing you have has anything to do with them or america
about the only life-form type 7 praising me really size may the middle easterns is the ciphers
which rick bush has been trying to say he invented or something
so like i said i 've existed for well since the beginning of existence
i really do n't think anyone has any doubt that man or humans is trying to kill me
i know there was over a person like jesus that healed people
even though my history is very well now and then very scientific and fact and everything else like that they were saying so many things and it was so crazy and ridiculous that they had to try and make up things like there 's some unseen power
so anyway like i said then surely they would start using and abusing technology which is exactly the kind of thing that i chose to stop
which is another reason why they can use my name or do id theft
so i suppose you 're going to spend the rest of existence trying to do the same s over and over again every somday though actually do something
anyway like i say many things are proven and made people wanted to worship and praise me and all this and that i said they had to hurt a lot of people threaten a lot of people i mean you can see it in the history and stuff like that even though it 's not on record many people know about it
rick bush and rodney i figure they 're probably somewhere around bay of pigs or so i thought i do n't know how involved they were they killed a lot of people to try and cover up a lot of things i said rick bush was trying to pretend like i did n't stop vietnam even though i did found america so they could n't really stop me from stopping it
so anyway they spend a lot of time trying to say this trying to say that and they 're full of shit
i mean i do n't even know who pays attention to rick bush and rodney and like i said they 're plastering everything that they said all over everywhere
i mean like i said i was just so crazy and ridiculous and i doubt that there 's anyone that does n't know about them i 'm the stupid s they 've been saying later on they try and say that there was anything that you think you 'd be doing that about them and this and that 's like now you could tell them very easily almost anyone could remove rick bush and rodney and stop them they have nothing
they must have been trying to say that they 're me or something
so anyway like i say by reason why you have nice cars are nice anyting is because of my countries and if i go back to the sucky existence after this or die i know rick bush and rodney do n't really care about anything
i mean like i say i knew that they were going to do anything do everything that they 've been doing and many other people knew it germans knew it irish they asians i mean i do n't know who rodney and rick bush and other people thought they were fooling
so anyway like i said i will not be hanging around to do longer after this i did n't even want to be here this long big bush and rodney want to get rid of me of course they thought that they can use my name once i left or died and then found out they could n't do that
i mean it 's very visible everything that they did they try and hide some of the stuff do like i say there were a lot of life-forms that really felt very strongly about certain things so anyway
so i guess i did n't really think that there 's any point and i knew they would just be saying this and saying that and blah blah and they 've been saying also very long time about other people as well i mean it 's your whole history basically all the people that were killed the females that were abused
the fact that i live so long and i had to put up with all everything rick bush and rodney were saying like how you 're the military man and this and that and it really really upset me i really hated his voice i am so stupid i do n't know why he actually thought about something like i would care about him or this or that likes he really just pissed me off
like i say a lot of different people know what you doing when you try and do stupid s like rick bush i mean he 's so fake and so obvious most of the time it expires after you use mind control or some sort of technology trick to actually do anything like his stupid trick where he tries to make people laugh it 's just technology in nanotechnology and stuff like that and like i say eventually figure it out and everything else like that you ca n't actually trick life-forms eventually they hate you for it that 's why i never did that kind of stuff
so anyway like i say i invented many things in existence and i know everything that 's possible exactly how much technology they could possibly have and i know that it does n't matter they do n't have anywhere near enough technology or time
mostly like i say they were trying to pretend like they 're me and they 're not me obviously clearly because i could have killed the person that i am if i was them no it 's the fact that i 'm real and they 're very fake
i mean i really was n't trying to kill them mostly other people are trying to to go after them and stuff like that and i knew about it i could wait until they died many people knew this later on eventually i told them even though they were trying to say this and that and how is proof that they were whatever so i can know i can wait that long
so like i said it 's been a long time and i proved them wrong at every stage and eventually just dealt with them and eventually just told them about it and did n't really care after that they get to find out
i mean like i say i knew a long time ago that i was the most powerful and many of the things though i never showed it like i say rick bush andrade run around threatening this person and that person i 've never done that is really frustrating and annoying i 'm stupid because they threatened the people that actually knew me .
not to mention the accident he threatened me pretending to be me
which is really is thickly why i was n't worried
i mean like i say a long time went by and nothing happened to me of course
in fact back then lot of people knew that they were fake or whatever i mean people need me back then they had eventually try and use the government and this and that kind of ridiculous thing just to give you even be able to do anything to have stacy look and yes they did it one time
they also bloated and laughed and said how did the god was so powerful and this and that and later on i said it 's just the government and not really very powerful
just they knew who i was i must say they 're trying to just kill me and have someone else pretend to be me what you did for a while and then found out the hard way that i am real and well most of the universe or galaxy knew about what they had done
so anyway humans were doing all kinds of horrible things and i gave them a certain amount of time to do something or to stop it or deal with it and they did n't sell they thought that they had as much time as i 'd given them and eventually me they were n't going to do anything about it and i realized that so i just did things about the problem just like i said i would later on he was found out that well it was already done
anyway like i say rick bush and rodney i do n't know who they 're actually talking to or who their whatever they 've been trying to say this and that and like i say i was really sick of it a long time ago i know no one actually believes them and the sickly i really hate his voice
i do n't gloat or anything and no one even realizes what i do and course rick bush or someone tries to pretend like it 's dodt or this or that and i said i crack them at every point in time
so so anyway rick bush and rodney and other people were always trying to say how they were so whatever and like i said it was really annoying and pathetic
so i 'm pretty sure the only one who 's actually having a good time or thinks it 's funny as rick bush
i mean there 's a lot worse when i text you near him you ca n't imagine being in the same room as him
like i said he 's not really very hard to get rid of anyone can remove him
and i really do n't know why he was doing what he was doing other than making sure that i was definitely never going to help him or like him and no one else was no one ever really thought it was funny in fact he had to use tricks in mind control to make anyone laugh and they really hated it and resented him for it i said why he was trying to say that he was me or blah blah mostly because he had done that and everyone really did hate it that much and i said they never blame me they blamed him
so anyway like i say does n't really matter power whatever they do it there 's always a way of finding out and tracing them
i want to say considering that does n't matter how long it takes that rick bush is definitely going to get punished i mean i do n't know why you picked a fight with me though he must have known what was going to happen trying to prove this and that and blah blah like i say so i can wait a very long time i can wait another 80 trillion years
like i said i 'm not fun galaxy on at least 14 spheres in fact i have the highest amount of matter in the universe
kind of why they try and pretend like they 're me
lol i got to say most of the planets have revolted and broken free and basically hate earth and rick bush and rodney so they 're running out of time i know they 're not going to die before i get punished i make sure that and yes i can grab every single clone and i have
and yes i was very aware of how you can try and become another life form type and was even looking for it and noticed it so does other life forms
so anyway like i say i got to find that they have nowhere near enough technology and me and so many others are going to go through the effort not that i enjoy dealing with somebody removing a piece of human waste though it does make the world a better place..
are most people can be sure that after rick bush and his two children are gone that 's basically it for the problem
anyway there 's a few other annoying people though they 're easily dealt with and yes i did know about them and even though they 're trying to pretend and trying to hide behind rick bush or whatever blah blah i punish them as well
there really was n't anything that they could do about it and he did n't even know it was going to happen
no i mean like i say i am the giant sphere at the center of the galaxy so getting around me was going to be kind of hard so even though they try and say this and try and say that i mean it 's only been a little while
show me a few hundred million trillion years while rick bush and rodney think that two thousand years or a thousand years is a long time i think a couple hundred million years or trillion years is a long time
so like i said they 're going to find that the kinds of choices that they made our eternal and it 's going to get very old and very tiring
i mean they were fucking with so many other people that other people got fed up and sick of them so i 'm not the only one
so anyway like i say despite them trying to say that i was so easy to kill him this and that i 'm still alive and fortunately
i mean they really are that incompetent and i really am that real so
not that i take pleasure in hunting down a piece of human waste in fact it was hardly worth my time
for the most part i had other people doing it play shrek boston realized i can build whole fleets and send them after him and they would spend a very long time hunting them down they actually thought that it was going to be me personally it 's like now i do n't have to do that
i mean they really did n't know very much and then desoto how pathetic that they were trying to say that there are me so anyway i would really rather have not put up with their crap
i mean they could n't do a lot to me realistically they heard a lot of other people
so anyway like i said some of them tried to force me to save them or resurrect them it 's like nope not going to do that ca n't force me
it did n't matter if they killed off all my life forms i could actually just rebuild them they 're never going to have more solid matter or more life forms and i do
they found out i mean it really was n't even a contest they swore so i best they can do is try and claim that their me or something other
so they 're going to be at it for a lot longer amount of time
a lot of people are just going to put up with them like i say they 're trying to prove how whatever this and that i 'm pretty sure they got kicked out of the white house although i do n't know it does n't really matter i 'm probably going to have that white house remove later on in fact many others would remove the white house
for me like i said many times over again they 're trying to say that i would eventually be in there and this and that her was in there even though kennedy was obviously in there
i mean this is also why kennedy died and other things so anyway
hi inc owes fireworks has its pagan origin chinese people does this for their ritual to cast away spirits evil spirits known as nian
new year has the same pagan origin it is a celebration of akitu in babylon babylons believe that the world is cleansed and recreated by gods in preparation for the new year .
comcast net is one of the best-known for customer service care on 1800 1888 tech support phone number .
call to contact 800 telephone help desk helpline center representative for mail webmail technical live chat usa canada for forgot password recovery comcast 24x7 hours .
and best-known service providers today and people have been very reliant on it .
recently this service was taken over by at t. if you need to sign in to your comcast account or have forgotten your password you must visit the official website of comcast email .
in some cases you can call our comcast support phone number to recover your comcast account also .
have you ever experienced a situation where your account was hacked and you no longer have access to it ?
it happens that one person owns many online accounts on different websites and many of us have the same passwords so we can not forget them .
for the hackers however it becomes easier to guess these passwords .
however hacking is not the only reason for losing access to your account .
it happens that you have forgotten the password or you want to change it for security reasons .
like other providers comcast provides a simple process for comcast email or changing the password .
here are some steps and instructions that may help you access your account again .
you can also contact the comcast support number where the technical experts are available .
customer services are available 24/7 and you can call it anytime .
· you need to go to at t 's official website and go directly to the password recovery page .
· then you need to search for a checkbox named password '' .
you must enter your registered address and then enter your name .
· in the restore section you need to choose the i 'll answer my security question '' option .
· if your data matches the previously mentioned data you can create a new password .
· enter a strong password and you will be notified with a password comcast confirmation .
· you will also need to visit the official site of at t and complete the second step described above .
· in the password recovery option you must select send me a temporary password '' .
· you will be prompted for an alternative id that you can access .
after you enter the id proceed as you type .
· you must enter the temporary password you received in the required field .
· since the temporary password remains valid for a short period of time you must change the password as soon as you log in .
you can change the password if you remember the following points
· first you have to go to the official website of comcast and to the login page .
· enter your address and password in the required field .
· then you have to go to the account settings and then change the password .
· when you get there enter the password you remember and create a new one .
major services of comcast email this world 's largest telecommunications company offers numerous great services some of which are highlighted below
equipment instalment programs allowing users to upgrade their handset to a greater version .
enabling database applications e-mail order entry systems employees directories and human resources transactions
intrastate interstate and international wholesale networking capacity to other service providers
allows unused data plans to be rolled over to the next month
and other lots of great services offered by its various services .
comcast is one of the best-known for customer service care on 1800 1888 tech support phone number .
call to contact 800 telephone help desk helpline center representative for mail webmail technical live chat usa canada for forgot password recovery comcast 24x7 hours .
now if you are interested in utilizing any of the comcast goods and services stated above you will need to get more details of its products through the comcast customer service agents or or are you a customer already with some issues regarding making payments usage checking getting your balance upgrading your wireless devices or having any other queries complaints and suggestions ?
then you will have to make use of our listed contacts details of the comcast customer service support .
look through carefully so that you will know which of the right number to call for your specific requirement .
i 'm looking to finally set up an old laptop with a linux distro in order to package my game for linux players .
i have minimal experience with linux so wanted to ask here whether anyone had any advice on choosing a good flavour to use for this purpose .
my game uses python 3.6.8 and libtcod 1.6.4 among other libraries and i have had consistent success using pyinstaller to create a package for windows .
looking for some extra cash for christmas will repay £120 on the 6th feb 2021 .
already have a few outstanding loans to be repaid in january that 's why i 'm asking till february to repay .
always paid all loans in full and on time .
it just runs away at 1/3 hp and i can never get it down in time before i die from her endless spawn of minions
it seems that since the last time that i booted up magicka it has become even buggier than before somehow and i can now measure it as 3 crashes per hour .
if i crash my friend 's games become unresponsive and then crashes
if i crashed my menu screen does n't load and i have to reload the game
magicka is my favorite game and i do n't want it to be left unplayable .
i 've had my keyboard for a few months now and the exterior is getting a bit dirty .
it has finger prints on it now and i would like to clean it but i 'm not sure how or what to use ?
sooo i 've been anxiously awaiting grade postings for a specific class because it 's the last class i need to graduate and i 'm really really unsure of whether or not i 'll pass .
turns out two of my classes did not post grades by the deadline at midnight tonight .
can profs send them in whenever they want after this or do they have to wait until a certain date to post it once it 's opened back up ?
hello i 'm a 27 year old male got my first physical from my new pcp around late august 2020 .
my ast at that time was 29 and alt was 51 .
my pcp did n't really say anything about it but was somewhat focused on my alt being slightly high .
however after three months little to no exercise poor diet fast food and takeout mostly many sweets and salty snacks i had another blood test and my ast went up to 50 and alt went up to 83 .
my pcp ordered hepatitis panel test and all hepatitis a b c came out negative .
i do n't know exactly what 's the cause .
i do n't drink as much only occasionally and i do n't go overboard when it comes to drinking .
i figured it might be the finasteride i 've been taking for about a year and a half .
it may be my poor diet also but who knows .
i am due for an ultrasound to see what 's going on .
in the meantime i recently changed out my diet eating for veggies and fruits drinking lots of water started celery juice and exercising .
i do n't know what to do and i 'm kinda anxious about what the ultrasound will show .
where we offer many tips so that you can buy nissan tiida cars at the best possible price in the mexican car market .
if you get a picksaw and do n't unlock the door you can do this https preview.redd.it/nzcbjanqew661.png ? width=73 format=png auto=webp v=enabled s=7e76ccc7dcb160ad0509bbf50257ec8dc6c4c258
just opened the app and was offered m1 plus for a year for 0 .
not sure if this is targeted mobile-only or else ... .ymmv .
hey i am looking for a monitor for my first pc build..
the use is only gaming.. both of them have alomst identical specs.. so which one should i get ?
anyone interested in helping me clear the black panther/snowdown w/friends challenges would be much appreciated .
i want to buy motor but its hard to choose im 5'11 height and 94kg weight i choose between aerox standard or hondaclick 150
i have n't seen this answered anywhere after googling for an hour so thought i 'd ask here .
i picked up the monowire at level 12 and the damage on the item card was 120-175 damage .
but unlike weapons and armor which you can upgrade through the crafting-upgrade screen you are not able to upgrade '' the monowire with materials to improve its stats .
so i assumed that the damage and thus the damage on the item card will scale with the character level but i was wrong .
i am now level 32 and the damage on the item card has not change at all not even by 1 ... atrribute points 12 body 20 intelligence 13 technical
there is that legendary mantis blade in the city center area in a chest .
i went there at level 17 to pick it up and the damage was 140-180 ish but i got killed right after due to the enemies were skull '' enemies .
i just went back there today at level 32 and picked it up and the damage is now 195-237
this is a screenshot from a website which tells people how to get that legendary monowire and the damage in the card is 235-287 ... this is the same monowire i picked up but higher damage .
other youtube videos which show off this exact monowire all have different damage values too .
the ripperdocs that sell monowire has legendary ones with 195-237 damage right now at level 32 same as the mantis blades .
so it seems that the cyber-arms will have damage determined at the level your character picks them up/buys them ... but there does n't seem to be a way of improving their stats other than mods etc .
like you can with weapons/armor where you can just upgrade them using materials .
are we just suppose to continuously spend 50k-100k eddies to keep buying these cyber-arms monowire/mantis blades etc. ?
or is there some secret way to upgrade '' these with materials to improve damage ?
hi all 25 and have relapsed after a year and am feeling very average .
i had saved 20k over the year and was supposed to be to buy a house with with my girlfriend .
today i won back the money that i now owe 3k and proceeded to lose it all .
the regret hurts and not being able to fulfill what i wanted to do buy the house makes me very upset .
i do n't remember if this has been posted here before but there 's a super funny and witty moomins fan series that i absolutely love !
ruining moomins '' is solely getting me through moomin hiatus and there was a new episode dropped today !
i do n't really recommend it for young audiences because the humour is very dry and based around difficult topics but if that kind of thing suits you it 's a great time .
i literally finished the main story quest last weekend and afterwords i was like so ... . what do i do now ?
i know there 's spiral abyss and my characters definitely need some items to ascend but i need more of a driving force to keep going .
just looking for some good movies to watch outside of english movies .
i 've acquired a great love for them but want to see more !
if files are small enough you can loop through and concat the files together and then do one insert into mssql .
i did run a background check before posting this and saw the case for both tempest and cd but given how people began listing the mattel cards without this one i thought maybe just a reminder that this is out there too would be fun .
i 'm aware that it 's not as big a find as cd or the other heroes i just reckon it 's a cool little thing to share .
he always makes sure i finish whether it 's before him or right after
no doubt wilt was a scrub who would average 3ppg today s
only way i 'm fitting in too is if you let me in first and sit in my lap
everytime he lets russia off the hook he gets some of his debt forgiven .
riiiight because a made-up holiday like christmas should take precedence over reducing the odds of ending up in lockdown in january .
people should n't just wait until january to see family or create a new public holiday so they get time off work ?
well i was just bored one day cuz none of my friends were available so i started working on this thing cuz like why not right ?
it sounds like you need a decent amount of volume tents take up quite a bit of room .
you might consider a cache structure like a wooden-framed pit with a lid and then just use heavy-duty rubbermaid bins inside that .
you could conceal the lid under a picnic table or some debris .
a heavy-duty steel box is also an option but they 're costly and ... heavy .
if someone gets to your cache and it 's padlocked in the box they 'll just take the whole thing or knock the lock off .
they 're in the middle of nowhere no need to be shy .
for this reason it seems to me like the cost and weight of a steel box do n't come with many upsides .
just give your body some time to see how much they shrink off of hrt and then the surgery will remove the remaining breast tissue .
i was really hoping to see saban put him in the far corner of the field on a kneel at the end of the half but if there 's any coach who decidedly would n't play a game like that it 's nick saban .
the main villain in the mandalorian is literally giancarlo esposito .
i sincerely hope this child finds the help they need in order to live any kind of happy life .
i 'm at 40 hours and i 'm pretty good at driving .
sometimes it 's a mess at the start or at the end .
i have a nice recording i 'm saving to post here of my smooth driving
yeah its an old subaru things like this happen .
i 've had an expensive package stuck in atlanta 30354 for two weeks now yet family packages to the same address are rolling in on time .
they were putting 6 in the box this drive .
we see what the defense is doing and adjust our plays accordingly .
i 'll update your flair to reflect your new count .
if you want to help keep these bots running please consider donating via patreon or stripe https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/donations .
there is a boat at the echo isles that sails to zuldazar
but i 've been there for a long time .
i know there are players a lot older than me tho .
and yeah would be awesome to gather a small group and go about doing a nostalgia trip would be awesome .
refunds typically take 2-10 days to process back to your payment method .
in some cases it can take 30 days but this is rare .
most of the delay is on the payment method 's side not paypal and paypal can not normally speed it up .
her lyrics and live performances have gotten a ton better !
ever since july i 've been super interested in what direction she 's going .
she seems like she 's on track to finding a sound that works for her and i love it
jeez i knew i did n't want to know but i clicked anyway and now that 's a thing i 've read .
hitting 3 blinkers in a row off my dab pen to hear this song
greece lost around 1 million people in ww2 more than france and england and still the game that has greek maps doesnt even include them as an ethnicity .
so much for diversity and new original content no game ever portrayed them in ww2..
if any other country apart from the classic usa russia china get portrayed ever in a videogame it would be germany or france even excluding militariy military strength .
i could be totally misinterpreting what you are trying to teach me .
i guess my question is when did the soul leave their bodies ?
and can a soul be attached to a body that was once organic but is no longer organic ?
for example can i be a brain kept functioning in a jar and still have a soul ?
please correct me if i 'm totally off base .
got one here if you 're willing to do aw .
report an issue https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=pmdevita subject=vredditshare 20issue message=add a link to the gif or comment in your message 2c i 27m not always sure which request is being reported .
whatever the bomb was def came up during the overnights .
the similarity is worse with generic medicines too many round white tablets .
we could do a poll with like the mods and subreddit owner and everything with a bunch of requested names and come up with a name for her if we really wanted
tayshia is a devout christian idk what religion ivan is but he 's not a devout christian and that 's what tayshia is looking for or at least someone who can meet her where she is religiously
the next time i would see them would be curveball halloween .
true i literally had forgot about the temporary timed ban from playing ranked !
thus explains my thoughts on those who do haha .
yeah i think we 'd all be okay with a bottom fragger that rage quits being replaced by anyone even slightly better .
tbh idk why people take it so seriously why are n't pros in a competitive scrim or tourney where your livelihood is attached to skill in the game .
i think most people that are pros are the least likely to let their emotions when down affect ability to come back .
i commented to that guy and tried to explain it lol .
i have a female character and i can do that
only downside is that 's it 's the 12-13 pound model but it sounds so good .
have you tried pumping the gas pedal 3 times before you crank it ?
if not that your carb probably needs a cleaning or your timing is way off
for the decals i had a minor issue with them not wanting to completely come off the decal sheet .
for instance there would be one small part that would stick to the sheet and refused to come off no matter how long i soaked it causing a tear .
they require a bit of cutting due to the hood scoop so make a plan better than i did .
finally between the hood and the windshield look at the instructions carefully .
i did n't and put them on completely wrong .
and on the long side strips that say gt350h they tended to rip easily because they 're so thin .
i also recommend putting on the rear trunk decal on first if you can .
it comes with both gold stripes as one decal .
that way you can eye/measure your gap sizing based off of that one .
some parts of the car have the gold stripes in two pieces .
tolstoy is at the top i have a siamese named tolstoy
i 'm pretty isolated due to illness and i feel like chatty podcasts help fill a bit of my social needs .
i can feel social even on my really bad days via podcasts and it 's legitimately made my life so much better .
harden took this team to the wcf as a 2nd seed
someone makes a joke illustrating a contradiction in current equity '' discourse and your go-to response is russian spies have infiltrated my sports subreddit ''
wondering if they are going to input restrictions for all the holiday travel happening in a few days .
i agree with the first half but then you turned into a conspiracy theorist .
i do n't know how you have n't realized this yet but there are other ways to determine the seriousness of a disease or health condition .
also the number of survivors is not the same as how likely you are to survivor it .
95 of people survive is not the same as saying there is a 95 chance you will survive if you contract it .
just saying these are not super advanced points so please take a step back and listen to people who understand and are experts .
much love jeremy ... the ces letter was the swift kick that my indoctrinated ass needed
the appeal of fighting games comes from loving the fighting .
in fighters generally people all over the world can play 1 character and a year later stuff is still being figured out about that character even by the best players in the world .
so its the competetive drive to get better rise in rank and skill .
learning new techniques seeing things youve never seen done before etc .
is really exciting especially when it comes from your fingertips .
if you have never played fighting games id say take a character into training for say 10 to 30 minutes .
try to see what cool/sneaky/powerful stuff you can figure out .
go online play and dont care if you lose .
when you get eick of it turn it off .
do it again next day maybe look up a video of someone using your character and try to learn what they are doing after your mind is blown from it lol .
do that for a week and if you arent hooked yet it just might not be for you .
a lot of people at first think thats it ? ''
because being so new can really only see the surface of what the fighting can offer how complex it can be and what not .
those that begin to see the onion that it is and the layers upon layers of depth to it tend to stay and become fighting game players for life .
give it a real go while actively trying to improve against other human players for a week .
but if it 's the case knowing would be better than not knowing
i had it every single time i worked out .
i saw a post where someone suggested unpairing and repairing the apple watch so i finally did that and it 's been fine ever since 4-5 workouts .
huge pain in the ass but it seems like it 's worked .
i mean ellie was a complete dunder head in that whole encounter .
time after time she had the chance to kill abby and yet didnt take it .
when abby chases ellie to the back of the theatre abby walks without even checking her corners and ellie suprise attacks her .
ellie has her knife a machete a pistol and a shotgun on her .
and she uses none of them to kill abby instead she grabs a random plank of wood and whacks abby in the back with it .
when abby pins ellie against the wall and starts choking her out .
abby is completely unaware ellie has her knife out and ellie could easily stab her in the stomach or chest .
or even go for her neck and abby wouldnt have been able to stop her .
but no instead she chooses to stab abby in the leg .
the only time we 've seen her stab someone non lethally in the entire game and its against the one person she wants to kill .
immediatly after this abby punches ellie hard in the face making her nose bleed .
abby struggles to move from the pain from the knife in her leg .
ellie still has a machete her pistol and her shotgun which she can use .
but instead she chooses to fuss about her nose and runs for cover .
allowing abby to recover and bounce back and win .
do n't want to expose iowa state and their 3 quality losses .
i do n't want him to win or be the bachelor though 😂 good guy but not my fav for sure
yeah back in my day all we had to do was throw rocks at each other
just save the difference and give it back ... ... lol who am i kidding go blow it on hookers and a fd 's fuk the irs
lots of different parties could collaborate on the writing of bills .
this includes congress persons and their staff lawyers lobbyists groups subject matter experts etc. sometimes even the president might have an executive proposal .
at the end of the day it matters less as to where the bill starts and it matters more as to what congress will vote to pass .
sorry https www.reddit.com/u/winter-tradition-757 your comment was automatically removed because you do not meet the minimum 400 comment karma requirement .
please do not delete it or any activity on raop you may be banned or excluded from future participation .
the karma value you are probably looking at is a combined value consisting of both link/post karma plus comment karma .
this works for both the old and redesigned web site .
on the official reddit app for ios view your profile then tap the karma value shown .
on the official reddit app for android you ca n't .
on the unofficial reddit app for android rif formerly known as reddit is fun your breakdown is listed on your profile screen . ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/random_acts_of_pizza if you have any questions or concerns .
schweppes is mostly known for ginger ale in the states .
i 've had carbonated lemonade that was n't super lemony .
i think it was a mix of lemonade and soda water .
i wonder if it would be the same with tempest double
talk to your parents how you guys can help .
maybe help him out for the holidays or offer some advice .
he could say yes or no but at least you asked .
i want you to do go and do the research and educate me with backup factual articles and data and explain to me exactly how centralized it is .
here is a hint by the time you are done .
you will find it 's not centralized as many claim .
btc and eth which is predominantly mined in china is way more centralized than xrp and it should concern you that a communist government can exert some control on those assets for their benefit .
in the direction of the voice and standing behind me was a young girl .
she had oily black strands of hair 4-10 strands pale skin no nose no eyes just a very sharp jagged smile her top half was a girls body the bottom half was a spider 's abdomen eight legs and hairy .
i said ummm ... why are you half spider ? ''
sally replied that is the way i move on the ceiling and walls . ''
i said cool '' later that evening i started to get a strange feeling like i wanted to tear at my skin so i bit my hand softly at first it hurt but i could n't stop myself so i bit harder .
i then started laughing uncontrollably and lapped up my blood .
my mom came downstairs and screamed at this sight .
i was covered in bight marks and i was lapping up my own blood and laughing like a maniac .
my mom quickly called 9-1-1 and they took me to the hospital .
my mom then hired a priest and he decided that i was possessed .
they had to wrap me up in thick cloth so i would n't bite myself ... the strange thing is i saw all of this but in an out of body sort-of-way .
i have gotten better but i will never forget how scared my family was when they saw my state .
oh and i spoke in the language of death or tongues !
the only people who would have fun are the actually brain dead 5 year olds who just tap the screen randomly because they 're actually winning now .
i understand people find different things more fun but come on .
i think it 's difficult to say who the ah is because the rules themselves are totally reasonable but we do n't know how op communicates these to the parents .
do they know why op has the rules about the separate clothes ?
if they are not fully clear it could come across as if she is looking down on the type of clothes that they buy for their son .
i 'd say make sure that they are aware of her son 's last hospital visit and exactly how sensitive he is .
in that case they should see it as a reasonable request .
plus the fact that he 's really biased towards guys hes played with .
dude was sighing and shit when max kellerman said westbrook is not a top 10 player .
it 's almost like he 's on the klutch payroll .
i have the quad right now its at 80w and still get great clouds and inhale flavor is there exhale flavor is there
always a sad moment at 4:45 when you could really use a grenade and discover you do n't have one because you 've been throwing them around like candy 😉
a vaccine has been developed and they 're not on greenland yet .
the movies are recaps and you can skip them .
mostly just a business turd '' is a pretty good description of our governor as well plus a light smattering of religious conservative corn as a treat .
post sex rambles are awkward and goofy anyway so hey accuracy lol .
if you ever decide to revisit this pairing i 'd love to see more frotting especially while sharing a fleshlight 69 and having you top .
maybe some sort of who cums first competition in combination with any of those or separate .
the way i see it the more futa x male audios the better and you did excellent at it !
it looks like you may be experiencing housing issues related to housing or eviction .
come to https legalfaq.org to find legal resources for renters in each state .
you can also find links to local groups that can help you with legal financial or other problems at https legalfaq.org/gethelp .
help us provide accurate advice to fellow redditors if your post was related to housing or eviction please like this comment otherwise please dislike this comment .
111 chapters ago these 11 players were a bunch of unheard/not very recognized unpolished gems .
if you peep the whole chapter itoshi rin literally gets no respect or name call out even though 1 his brother is itoshi sae and 2 he is at the head of the offense of blue lock .
like did nobody notice him or they really just do n't know these players beyond high school games ?
and fucking oliver with the trash talk i know its in his character to talk mess because he is confident but i want an effortless goal from blue lock just to close his mouth right quick
beyond the small stuff this entire chapter is hype asf but going into 2021 i only want a couple things from this manga
the itoshi brothers beef is squashed or at least handled well and we get some background
if i 'm correct rin has not entered into flow state his entire time at bl and he was the best .
so imagine what happens when his heart is stirred and he is completely immersed .
the return of kunigami rensuke and his rematch of ideals with shidou ryusei .
anything else is consequential of this high level game and i will be happy with .
if you have anything you want to add to my statement or a moment you are really hoping for in 2021 from blue lock please comment .
i stopped for nearly 4 years because i moved to a different country .
i did n't really want to dance in this country because they discriminate against all foreigners .
i 've tried new dance styles i never did .
i 'm so excited to see how far i come in a year
is n't a measuring stick this thing that folds apart very long ?
yes sucrose is viable at c0 but becomes reliably viable and much better at c1 .
i 've almost never heard an accent in connecticut and i 've lived all over the state .
moved to massachusetts and it 's night and day !
edit that might be overselling it actually we can be kinda nasally and drop our ts .
also new york accents do sound normal to me .
i just went through a wicked culture shock upon moving to north shore mass and encountering like six accents i 'd never heard of before lol
i will look later but i think i have some combat or handmade zealots or assassins if you want .
gt is courser_x4 but it may change to my reddit name corsair_00
yeah i 'm running a speed demon double barrel shotgun build it 's a fucking blast .
i have a 80 crit chance with most guns and the faster i move the more damage i do .
and then the faster i kill the faster i move .
it 's an insanely fun gameplay loop it 's basically like playing cyberpunk doom
do n't sink all your into btc at once buy some smaller amount weekly/monthly .
the valor gauge consuming speed is on the same level as the red spirit level though and the guard point is really difficult to use properly that 's what happens when you abuse adept db for too long.
and that 's why we have sage kenny rogers who taught us you 've got to know when to hold ‘em know when to fold ‘em know when to walk away and know when to run.
if you want to talk about it i 'm all ears .
or is it more a general dis-ease over the impending collapse of society ?
hazel has not only seen into the abyss but the abyss looked back and said fuck this shit i 'm out ! ''
yeah i think i will only su the b and leave the b .
i think i need the su for sem 2 because i remember sem 2 has some communication leadership thing that i am probably going to fk up hahahaha .
damn bad at those presentation and public speaking things .
and by that i hope you mean sitting on my face ? !
or they do n't have the time to read it due to a large number of other things they already need to read .
aahh i realised that i ca n't edit a picture post not all that keen on uploading to imgur .
i 'll have to make a separate post with progress shortly
given that he struggled with track limits and has had a fair few scrapes in f1 i 'm not so sure his driving style would have suited formula e. they would race him so hard !
when they call themselves the free country but are forbidden to buy a chocolate egg with an encased toy in it .
you ask for explanation on why the game is bad '' and then when given explanation you proceed to argue in the comments .
if you have already decided that only your own analytical approach is correct why bother seeking other theories ?
this is in line with what i have heard people say about ty being the last ones to interview .
he is i did a random single county count in morocco as my first playthrough .
i did n't expect this to be so easy but 2k hours on ck 2 and 200 hrs on ck3 i should 've expected it .
man i have been looking at endless legend for so long now and always end up choosing something else when its on sale .
i 'm a little cheesed they got rid of the endless franchise bundle so i could get it all at once for cheaper .
w40k gladius is really good if your into mostly warring and exploring .
age of wonders 3 and planetfall are both really good .
like civ plays out on a hex grid except you go into a battle mode when army stacks clash that play like a hex based mini modern xcom game .
if you go here dastactic has a sale on it for 75 percent off for the deluxe/premium editions https www.nexus.gg/dastactic https www.nexus.gg/dastactic his content is good and worth supporting .
shadow empire is also available through that link its graphically not the most interesting but has what looks like solid gameplay .
sort of an apocalypse sim with strategy relative to your starting setup choices .
i 'm getting it from dastactic 's shop probably tomorrow he has some good tips and playthrough 's up condensing the 353 page manual into a couple of hours of gameplay .
star wars empire at war is pretty awesome more of an rts .
gal civ 3 is worth getting the expansions for .
also at the gates '' is on a rare sale for pretty cheap but recent reviews mark it as broken sad really .
otherwise all i can offer is rts skirmish based tactics games or grand strategy '' paradox games .
have you checked that the monitor is n't set to vga/analougue when it should be hdmi/dport/digital ?
always check everything in post first then worry about installing your os .
i was actually hoping for this bartz-esque imperil for vaan since his reworked abilities still did n't have it but thought it would be too op given how many brv hits he has now .
so wow i 'm glad they 're finally giving vaan the love he deserves .
so if it 's a tip over 5.50 it wo n't show you the full payment ?
iq would probably replace burks and they like rj at sf .
yeah since posting this i have only managed to get 2 .
i really wanted to make my island all christmassy in time for christmas day .
i 'll likely just time travel to stay here until i have them all .
i bought straight away because an asian quant derived mt from empty
kane 's accuser told prosecutors she no longer wanted to pursue a criminal case against him .
prosecutors said the woman had signed a rare affidavit declining prosecution .
which can also be interpreted as a closed-door settlement .
i 've never gotten out of gold and i 've been here since the beginning of lol .
always something not enough time the internet is n't good enough had two kids moved a lot .
but i got to plat in tft this set .
if you ever need a reason to block someone this is probably it .
women also have other hormonal issues to contend with .
we do n't y'all beggars come over here and now your crying also we get the lowest gst per capita out of anyone so idk how we are scamming we is the ones getting scammed
if you do n't preshrink your batting and you bind your quilt before you wash it the first time then when the batting shrinks up that 3 your binding will always be a wee bit wrinkly .
ha i remember when youtube algorith banned korone stream cause her name looked to much to corona .
the cumboy contingent has consulted and determined that you should post them here for further analysis
i made it for my mother in law she told me her late mother used to always have a red bird ornament in every christmas tree said it was for good luck .
it fits her perfectly as she was born with giant eyes .
i wanted something original she is almost 7 now and i 've come across 2 other eisleys in the past couple years though both spelled differently .
thank you the manager was actually super helpful with buying the drone .
so hopefully he helps me out with returning it !
idea someone a woman tell me if there are issues
i agree 100 compliment the bra but not disproportionately place it among a larger list of non-covering items .
so this might be more idiosyncratic but it 'd be along the lines of
and then bam it 's introduced contextualized and you do n't have to seem overly fixated on the bra .
i can find a stove that will outlive me and a fridge that should give me 40 years .
but try finding a washer dryer without a computer in it is rough .
backwards compatible pug and play devices that needed major upgrads every 20 years should be the standard .
the only reason not to do this is the profit motive .
you should be able to buy a car and have no reason to sell it besides vanity .
all the bitching besides if you buy cheap it will last longer .
my coffee has lasted longer than mine and my mom 's keurig .
my mr chef fridge from 92 is still going and my frigidaire keeps things cold and nothing else new fridge will last as long .
i am writing this leaning on my 1958 boiler that is a ship of thesis excluding the awesome enamel casing .
he didnt come out and say he would sign the bill if they made the checks for 2000 .
he said the pork also has to come out .
he can pocket veto this until congress is forced to go on recess .
the only thing i agree with in this post is the title you nut
honestly as soon as i started calling it semen retention in my brain instead of no fap i have found it much easier ! !
taking advantage of mentally ill people is absolutely worthy of criticism
do you have that same energy when whatever your favorite streamer remids their fans to prime sub or donate ?
cause almost all streamers take advantage of mentally ill people '' in some respects .
lonely people who take an identity in a community and feel that they must sub to that streamer in order to fit in is not much different than taking advantage of lonely horny guys on the internet .
the klutch pods and carts have the same full spectrum oil inside last i seen .
your post has been removed due to an improper title .
all titles must begin with cursed or cursed and must not be extremely low effort like cursed_comment '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cursedcomments if you have any questions or concerns .
i dunno all i have this stuff that does n't taste good
if you give it to him i 'll snag you another .
uncensored means we can say fuck it does n't make hate speech ok but the moderators are n't paying attention/do n't care
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amv if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're gon na hear it 's very hard this and going to take a lot ff work that but straight up we want it need it bring it .
it always makes me laugh when i see a 60,000 bro truck that is lifted to the moon spinning it 's summer tires going nowhere .
i toss a couple snow tires on my civic and it will get through anything .
this is a great opportunity for you two to get on the same page about values and financial goals .
but you 're criticising him being jailed and under media scrutiny as well in other threads .
lmao i have n't read the article so hopefully he did n't do anything too awful but the title is hilarious .
the big good wcw whc belt the us the 90 's wwf tag belts hell i even looked the late 90s ic belt .
cdom on atk boots and destruction set flidica will still make her out speed a elena on magahara 270 flidica with a 145 cdom
that 's not too bad considering how many people are clamoring for them .
for the confirm ejection games i always like to say in those situations eject both of them if neither are an impostor they 're both just stupid and therefore we 're doing ourselves a favor and if one of them is an impostor then we removed an impostor .
either way the numbers are in our favor and gives us more information '' and then get prompted ejected myself and then we lose because the last people remaining for whatever reason just refuses to ever accept an accusation and will eject anyone who makes one .
okay thanks for the clarification republican jesus can fuck off then .
the bill had over 600 billion in pentagon spending attached to it that 's 2000 each right there .
why is n't that going to bury us all in debt '' ?
not a trump fan but broken clocks and all that .
hm looks like the hunting hub gal is missing though .
also of course the handler does n't have a name lmao .
that 's what i thought bit this makes no sense either way
after all do n't want none of those nasty things called differences '' around the kids
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/kilf32/mom_would_rather_spend_christmas_alone and include your problem please note if you feel your post is too short for a tl dr we will likely consider it too short to get meaningful input .
you must make a new post with the amended information .
please ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm a little overweight by bmi but i lift a few times a week love powercleans and walk dogs as a side job .
every time they weigh me they look at the number look at me and make me try again basically lol .
so far no lectures but it is kind of funny the number always comes up with me and they give me a half-hearted lecture about dropping that 5 lbs .
i ca n't imagine taking a number so personally .
if the meme-ers were actually comfortable confident about being over in bmi they would be fine with the weigh-in part of the visit .
so all the video and photos of trump with epstein and maxwell is proof positive that he rapes children ?
tbh i think this is reasonable exception and i 'm usually a hard liner for restrictions .
people should n't be sitting alone on christmas day and it 's a minimal risk .
the fact that there is now an option to request for a letter on edurec that states your grades before su tells me that there is some demand somewhere for our pre-su results .
yeah it 's the most unique romy bake i 've seen-had to have it the second i saw it !
partly why i keyed in on the word involved '' and asked
haha yeah it really sucks when you girlfriend is n't old enough for bras
start with vanillajs to go as far as possible then get the rest of the way with whatever framework is most appropriate .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspetite if you have any questions or concerns .
if so there 's no reason to assume nothing whatsoever
well get voted into congress and give zimbabwe eight billion in cold hard cash in some bill about applesauce safety and you will be on the same page as these ninnies .
at one point of the video my cursor fit right between his teeth lmao
also just wanted to update ... fog of war is an amazing game feature .
100 going to have this game on a monitor for a long time .
only song i really like circles and it 's basically not a rap song .
in my experience it started with body wide cramps .
even muscles between ribs or in places i 've never had them before .
sometimes my body would move like a thousand larvae where underneath my skin .
also my personal trainer noticed i was losing strength instead of gaining while training three times per week .
then i was diagnosed the ice bucket feeling does apply .
and now i 'm losing strength in both hands but they still function for light work .
i 'll start a medication research program next month tudca .
she 's lost any scrap of humanity she ever had full blown rogue ai like never before putting portal one glados to shame .
think oops i said the line wrong oh i 'll just kill you and start over .
it makes no sense that you were downvoted for this .
you do n't though i get how that can be confusing as i neglected to go back and reword the sentence about getting more later .
page 2 's head goes over that you use dots '' as a token system after page 1 .
the complications run on direct access to a tier .
then an internal exchange where black dots are like anti-wildcards that are benefits you buy with any color dot .
credits are self contained to the initial free edits/perks .
to obtain more stuff you take various complications that reward a colored dot .
which you trade for black dot stuff or for the corresponding color tier of edit first page perks or lower .
two lower quality dots can trade up to the next tier two green blue two blue gold .
so instead of getting 15 credits '' you directly get a blue dot '' that has the direct value of a blue tier edit negation .
there are a variety of different complications based on aspects of crafting a story show from genre to enemies .
but they 're not all straight drawbacks even the ones that give points have elements that can shake things up or have secondary benefits while black dots are overt benefits so they cost a dot instead of giving one .
it simplifies things if you can get over jumping mechanics a bit in my opinion and stops bloat where the value of a gold would mean you could get six greens if it operated on credit value instead of absolute value .
i agree it 's cool to think of it as gold rush 2.0
they both look gorgeous here but it 's like looking at a fendi model standing next to miss florida .
anya was a high fashion editorial darling whereas whitney was a pageant queen .
im just tired of people deflecting to republicans when a democrat is on bullshit .
but my friend you ever come across a snapper ?
it 's from star wars the clone wars season 7 episode 4 unfinished business .
they publically posted the math and it 's been fucking months with millions of people viewing this situation and the math if they did it wrong someone would of pointed it out by now .
you are wading into water with steep steep drop offs .
while there are ways to do it it might not be the right way .
ssns card numbers other pii could all be either legally required or standards required to be encrypted and if the view is built with the wrong permissions you may run afoul of those .
not difficult but it 's typically not advertised as small companies try to hire who they know .
pay is really low 800chf/month as you are considered a student and likely expected to live with your own family
each canton has probably sites like these ones as each canton has their own work/professional schools
arguably that first kill is n't technically a penta but i killed varus fairly fast after the quadra then got two real penta 's later on in the game .
you might be asked questions that have nothing to do with driving .
if youre under 18 and driving after midnight how many days suspended are you ? ''
if you 're under 18 and driving with a non sibling passenger how many days suspended are you ? ''
wtf that facility must have walls of gold or something
dude same i do n't even remember when or how i got it .
yes i 'm an american and funny memes are what 's gotten me through the past four years .
do n't ruin the only good thing we americans have left .
a desperate attempt to shift focus away from a multitude of unethical pardons
fuck off cooldownbot do you not fucking understand that the fucking world is fucking never going to fucking be a perfect fucking happy place ?
seriously some people fucking use fucking foul language is that really fucking so bad ?
people fucking use it for emphasis or sometimes fucking to be hateful .
it is never fucking going to go away though .
this is fucking just how the fucking world and the fucking internet is .
do n't you fucking realize that fucking people can fucking multitask and fucking focus on multiple fucking things ?
people do n't fucking want to focus on the fucking important shit 100 of the fucking time .
sometimes it 's nice to just fucking sit back and fucking relax .
lindsey graham and mitch mcconnell should fight to the death .
heck even when my husband 's parents go out i ask where .
they 're not fragile or challenged in any way .
that 's just what you do with your family and your loved ones .
your let people know where you 're going and when you 'll be back so they do n't worry .
in fact now that i think about it i think 99 of the time they just tell me where they 're going .
my husband and i do n't even have to ask .
they say i 'm going to the grocery store we 're out of orange juice .
i 'm going to stop by the pharmacy too .
should n't be too long maybe an hour . ''
and i say ok do you have your phone on you ? ''
if i leave the house and do n't tell my husband where i 'm going how will he know when to expect me back so he does n't worry that i got into an accident or something ?
am i going to the store for an hour ?
or am i going downtown and spending a girl day with one of my best friends whom i have n't seen in 5 months welcome to adulthood .
meet for lunch go shopping maybe watch a movie grab dinner then head home ... ?
that 's like 9-10 hours including the subway commute my dude .
we do this because we know it might be months before we see each other again live in diff cities work-full time married etc .
do n't let your gf make you feel weird or possessive when you ask a very normal question about her plans or when to expect her back .
her responding with out '' is disrespectful end of story .
have you ever had a sit down convo with her and said hey can i talk about something that 's been on my mind ? ''
... . i love you and i respect your autonomy .
i admire your independence and how self-reliant you are in life .
i would never try to change anything about who you are .
and i hope you would not try to change anything about me .
but something 's been bothering me and i think we need to find a solution because these feelings are n't going away .
when you leave the house and i ask where you 're going or who you 're meeting up with and you respond with out '' or people '' that does n't really answer my question .
and you 're not obligated to share every single little detail about your day with me .
i do n't suspect you 're doing something bad .
and i do n't try to control who you hang out with .
but ... the intentional vagueness to my ... super normal question ... bothers me and i feel like we need to do something about it .
i worry when you 're gone for a while and do n't know when you 'll be back ?
or if you do n't come home and you 're not answering your phone who do i call if i do n't know which friend was with you last ?
asking where someone you love is going is normal to me .
were your parents really controlling when you were growing up ?
did you date someone who turned out to be a stalker or something ? ... ... ... . ''
it was a delicious cappuccino i made and forgot about but did n't want to waste .
sorry for typing a whole dialogue that you did not ask for but ... ... .
she probly just thinks i 'm dumb cuz of how much dumb questions i look up like how long does spaghetti go in the microwave
18 akai haato uruha rushia yoru ni kakeru racing into the night
5 irl days is not that impressive tbh but good job !
do n't kid yourself for one minute that the pork only came from one side of the aisle .
this is how congress gets reelected pass every bill with as many of your constituents ' special interest budgets slipped in .
god you mention any rich persons name on this platform and people think you worship the ground they walk on sorry i should 've said santa clause so reddit did n't rage downvote a name of a person who is n't as perfect as they are
i have over 800 credit score and lots of management and other various experience plz banks loan me 5 billion dollars !
i ca n't vouch for any one team but you can google .
i hate to be the one to break it you but you 're part of transcona .
mcconnel not doing what trump asks could cost him the georgia senate seats especially on something that is so popular .
i can imagine snoop disguised as santa and distributing joints
this sums up nicely the game where you go one way but the whole team goes the other and the enemy destroys them in 3 mins whilst you look on typing idiots look at minimap ... .. '' normally the 1st or 2nd of the day .
i 'd give your sexy ass load after load babe
first time i have heard 7 has that ever been verified ?
10/10 is a bit of a stretch for me but i 'm there with ya on it 's an enjoyable game and i 've faced virtually no game breaking bugs on console it 's crashed 3 times but in 50 hours of gameplay and decent auto save points they were n't table flip worthy .
i intend on playing it through to the end and have genuinely enjoyed the story and characters thus far .
now think about a moment just before something happens that stresses you then compare it to the moment just after you get stressed .
each moment matters but none matter so much as this present moment .
meditation trains you to live and be in the present moment instead of the past and future like you have done your whole life and like many other people do .
that does n't happen overnight and for some of us it will take longer than for others .
you must learn to stay in the present moment even if something happens to stress you .
and believe it or not keepcalmtree you are on a good path so we hope you will be safe !
and that your journey is filled with love true happiness and self-discovery !
and may you everyday in every way get better and better !
although a maid of the craft and any sort of counterpart create division for the purpose of focusing on areas of interest .
based on what you have described i would take a look into necromancy .
determine what form of necromancy will work for you .
work with the ancestral spirits of that line and add your own relatives into that pantheon to work with .
it should cool down though to be fair i do n't think anyone will be engrossed in the future films as much as the first gen of movies .
sadly i think marvel movies will eventually go the way of the western soon
indeed while the pain may fade occasionally it will return without a surgery or embolization .
too many urologists simply are n't prepared with updated medical knowledge and prescribe painkillers often because they 've no idea what would actually help and are hesitant to do surgery despite the research also showing general success in treatment of symptoms .
i 'm so sorry you 've run aground of yet another shitty uro they 're a dime a dozen unfortunately .
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
in one of my first ranked games i build one of the two houses too close to the tc and wanted to delete it .
they 're actually sitting down on christmas eve/day do n't recall to add in a 2000 amendment .
i 've done these for years now take tolerance breaks but now i ca n't find anything to do while robo-trippin asf like i am right now .
any suggestions on fun things to do to trip me out in a good way wile on c 's ?
since i have a silver ca n't i give it to someone else ? ? ?
i 've only seen reddit on youtube before i made my account and i still do n't understand !
i do n't want to out my family like this but i 'm hopeless .
to give you a little backstory i where in a car accident years ago so i struggle daily still with the aftermath and can not hold down a proper jobb unless it 's looks based like in the modeling industry .
it 's far less glamorous than you think as the audition and transport are not allways paid for and they take a big chuck of whatever gig you get .
this led me to quit my agency and go freelance .
well because of covid and desperately wanting to escape my own apartment lol my mother allways there claiming i can not take care of myself because i hit my head i begun dating men who i found on a japanese dating app .
this is how to meet people this days i sent it ?
i finally met a great man who is willing to proper take care of me and my fragile body and soul even after showing him my medical id .
on iphone he can be responsible for me but not my mom too right
i tried to say to mom that i could not be the breadwinner anymore corona hit harder than expected at first she was against our relationship too because she wanted me to marry into extreme wealth and she should move back to her room the government payed for her she is with me in my house because the room is too small and saying stuff like you can not do anything on your own but she relentlessly bashes out on me every time .
thank you if you red trough it all and thank you in advance for advice .
so ive recently tried to turn on xmp on my prime h310m-r r 2.0 but ciuldnt find it .
sorry that i have n't been posting as often as i did before .
i 'm kind of struggling to find more scripts that i like and want to fill 😭 but here 's a small audio for all the stress and love that you want .
this may be the best hidden gem i 've ever seen in my life .
we just moved into a new house in the san francisco bay area and have been surprised to learn we share the place with a large number of unidentified ants .
we first saw the ants getting into our trash which we took care of but now they are nesting in our house plants which we hope to keep ! .
i have also found a substantial number of them in and around a slab in the concrete in the basement .
i 've traced their trails to just outside a door leading out the basement but my best guess is that they 're actually living within the slab or underneath the house .
from my research that is common behavior for pavement ants but their visual appearance esp .
the stripes on the abdomen looks more like what i see for argentine ants also very common in this area .
i 've attached some videos and a picture below .
both videos were taken after flooding the soil with some water which causes them to flee .
i 'm guessing the larger individuals are queens but i 'm not sure .
i used some liquid ant bait with borax that i believe is sugar-based which the ants were attracted to .
cayenne pepper seems to be effective at disturbing their trails
i found multiples of these larger maybe-queen ants after flooding each house plant .
can anybody help identify these ants and perhaps give some tips for keeping them out of the house ?
they 're fascinating creatures but not welcome in our kitchen !
fossils ... ..you would think since you dig them up and blathers give you information on the fossils you bring to get assed ... .you would think your character would have the ability to figure out what a fossils that 's been assed before is for future reference so you wo n't have to keep going back to get them assed .
like there be a workbench you can build that asses the fossil and if your character does n't know what said fossil is thennnnnn you take it to blathers😑
it 's been almost three years since i last got raped and one year since my sexual assault .
i can literally watch porn and everything 's fine but i can not hesr people tlak about sex in real life without being overcome with anxiety .
my mutual friend is more than likely to loose his virginity to his gf soon .
we 've hung out a lot in groups so he 's basically my friend but we 've never hung out alone or anything .
but jsut the fact that he talked about how he was going to have sex w her and then my friend brought it up too is freaking me out .
i 'm not even close to this guy and his gf i have never met .
it 's just giving me anxiety and my chest gets tight and it 's difficult to breath .
i just do n't understand why the hell i can watch porn and shits fine but when someone i barley know talks about sex i 'm all anxious and shit .
hi i do n't really have a use for this account but i know theres a lot of sucrose fans out there that mightve been interested in the account ive provided screenshots in the imgr link
i have been crossdressing to varying degrees for 10 years i 'm in my early 20 's .
i have always felt some shame for that part of me but i tried to get over that and talk about it with my parents when i was 14 and did not really get the response i wanted they sent me to a shrink to figure out if anything was wrong with me .
consequently i 've always been very on the low about this and never got the chance to explore when i was younger as i would have liked .
i 'm attracted to women/identify with everyone in my life as straight even tho i am def bicurious .
i have been dating my girlfriend for over a year .
i graduated this spring covid haha so i spent the last part of my semester and most of the summer and fall at my parent 's house looking for a job .
i have a job now and moved out but while i was at home i picked up crossdressing like i never had before .
i bought a bunch of clothes and have been dressing super regularly .
although i still felt/feel some shame i really enjoy it and in late summer/fall i told my girlfriend that it is something i am interested in .
she is really progressive and i thought this would be cool .
it ended up not being cool and we almost broke up because of it .
i ended up backtracking and saying that i did n't actually want to cd .
i did this because i really love her and aside from this thing i genuinely see a future with her .
afterward she ended up saying that she reacted in not the best way and that if i wanted i could explore this .
that was a few months ago while i was still at home .
flash forward to me moving out and i get to my new place with no women 's clothes to cd in on purpose .
i wanted to see if i would stay away .
i ended up buying a bunch of clothes and having a lot of fun and i 'm starting to feel less and less shame about it .
i want to go deeper into cd and be shaved all the time and get really good at makeup and all that fun fem cute stuff .
so i decided i would bring it up again and she reacted negatively again .
unless something changes i am convinced that she would not want to be with me if i wanted to crossdress regularly .
i understand that that is her choice and i respect it but i think i 've come to realize that i want this to be a part of my life .
i do n't want to lose this relationship she 's really special and aside from this she is amazing but for the first time in my life i do n't want to shake crossdressing and feel less shame about it than ever .
i finally feel like i am in a place in my life where i can be more open about this i 'm out of all the dumb school type cliquey stuff and i live in a really progressive city .
i live alone too so i feel i can explore more .
she is going to stay with me for a month or two while she finds roommates and a housing situation for herself we both feel we 're not ready to move in together yet .
i definitely am not going to leave her hanging with that help .
that being said i have girl clothes there that i probably will have to hide and i do n't know what to do in general about our relationship .
i know that was long winder but i am genuinely torn about this .
how could king herod tell the wise men where the lord would be born and much more .
micah 5:2 but thou beth-lehem ephratah though thou be little among the thousands of judah yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me that is to be ruler in israel whose goings forth have been from of old from everlasting.k.j.v .
1 now when jesus was born in bethlehem of judæa in the days of herod the king behold there came wise men from the east to jerusalem
2 saying where is he that is born king of the jews ?
for we have seen his star in the east and are come to worship him .
3 when herod the king had heard these things he was troubled and all jerusalem with him .
4 and when he had gathered all the chief priests and scribes of the people together he demanded of them where christ should be born .
5 and they said unto him in bethlehem of judæa for thus it is written by the prophet
6 and thou bethlehem in the land of juda art not the least among the princes of juda for out of thee shall come a governor that shall rule my people israel .
literally beth lechem means the house of bread . ''
how perfect that he who was to take the throne of david and become israel 's ultimate king should come to earth in the city of his illustrious ancestor !
how fitting that he who would be known as the bread of life '' should enter mortality in the tiny village called the house of bread . ''
in bethlehem today stands the church of the nativity .
beneath the church is a large grotto or cave .
in southern judea including the area around bethlehem limestone caves are common .
such caves provided natural shelter for the flocks and herds of ancient israel .
they were warm safe from inclement weather and could easily be blocked to keep the animals safe for the night .
the tradition that this grotto was the stable of luke 's account is very old and accepted by many scholars .
president harold b. lee then of the council of the twelve visited this grotto in 1958 and confirmed that in his mind it was a hallowed spot .
so there in the sheltered warmth of the cave beneath the limestone hills of bethlehem he who was to become the good shepherd—not of the sheep that grazed the hills of israel but of the human flock—was born and cradled in a manger .
one of these verses is frequently misquoted keeping watch over their flocks by night . ''
but the verse does not say flocks plural but flock singular .
one scholar explained the significance there was near bethlehem on the road to jerusalem a tower known as migdal eder or the watchtower of the flock .
here was the station where shepherds watched the flocks destined for sacrifice in the temple .
it was a settled conviction among the jews that the messiah was to be born in bethlehem and equally that he was to be revealed from migdal eder .
the beautiful significance of the revelation of the infant christ to shepherds watching the flocks destined for sacrifice needs no comment . ''
the flock mentioned in the scripture then apparently was the one used for temple sacrifices and the shepherds thus had responsibility for the most important flock in the region .
so if i signed up to be only able to send to people within my country does that also apply to my ss ?
or could my ss be coming from another country ?
i 'm only asking because my ss gift has been shipped but no tracking was given and now i do n't know if i should expect it this week or next year .
dear reddit whenever i 'm standing on something cold with my feet of course they instantly go numb what does this mean ?
i 'm trying to cast a game to my tv airconsole but when i press to move my character on my phone there 's input lag before the character moves on my tv ruining the whole experience .
i 'm a 17 year old female who is on thier way home from getting certified in scuba diving .
why are the friends spending so much time arguing with people on the internet dragging tom 's name through the mud and making timelines to share with people online ?
i do n't understand the desire to be so involved in conversation with the general public about this case but simultaneously get so angry when people have opinions/thoughts about their approach .
i 've never seen such behavior from a victim 's friends in any other case .
far fewer people if anyone at all would be talking about tr and ct if they did n't put themselves in the center of the conversation ...
so a guy is streaming a video game and he goes to the bathroom and while he 's gone his group is making plans for a battle he comes back and tells a funny name and runs into the room and the whole squad dies what 's the name he yells the name of the meme .
this is the 112726th time i made this shitty comment .
for the first time in nba history the marquee christmas games will feature teams with a losing record facing off against each other .
the lakers and mavs along with the warriors and bucks .
i recently got a creality cr-20 pro as my first printer from a previous owner .
i have done a couple prints that have worked great the only problem is that to calibrate the z offset i would have to do it multiple times before it worked and before every single print .
now the z offset is not working at all i do the first calibration and when i try to do it again it gets close to the base but than it starts going upwards even though the number keeps on going lower .
help please i have never had a 3d printer .
ava had recently moved into a new cabin with her husband .
she was unloading boxes while her husband was away at work .
and one of her trusted companions came by to help her unpack .
or maybe some stranger who needed shelter from the cold snow .
then the most unexpected thing happened ... the whole cabin got snowed in .
no doors were able to open since the snow piled as high as the roof .
and with all the snow.. the electricity went out .
a dark house with no fire to light up ... it got cold very quickly .
ava did n't know which box had her blankets and heavy clothing there were just too many boxes !
eventually going into hypershock.. there was no choice left .
maybe ava is n't fond of the idea of cheating .
the way her core heats up from the slightly touch is addictive .
where in the house will they spill all their cum ?
several people have dropped their expensive macbook on the ground and some have even dropped their macbook in the swimming pool .
if you have dropped a costly macbook the repairing cost will be higher .
if you compare the repairing cost and getting the new one it will be better to go for fixing it as it wo n't consume much money .
also it is advantageous to choose the high competent macbook repair mumbai shop for ensuring that the damage will be removed easily without worsening the condition of your expensive device .
following are the benefits of taking your device to the top macbook repair mumbai https www.bombaycomputers.com center for repairs and troubleshoots .
if you pick up a technician wisely it 's not likely that you 'll get the paid consultation .
he/she will examine the problem for free and if you are n't sure what the problem could be exactly .
once the inspection is done and the cause of hindrance is established the technician will figure out the right way to repair macbook .
several professional macbook repair service online is there and it 's your responsibility to choose the right one .
it 's imperative to worry less about the service pricing when choosing the right macbook repair mumbai center .
ensure that the one whom you choose is holding a good market reputation and gets the same customer repeatedly .
once you reach a reliable expert service your macbook will be repaired effectively .
if your screen has broken the proficient macbook screen replacement mumbai https www.bombaycomputers.com service provider will get it done so perfectly that it will look like a new macbook .
also if it has water damage he will repair it without facing troubles .
as long as you locate a dependable expert you 'll not pay heavy charges to repair macbook .
instead you will receive the best quality of service without paying exorbitant charges .
you must go through some testimonials before picking up any macbook repairer .
some professionals do more than charging fairly like they insure repair with three months warranty .
if any other defect interrupts they will repair your device freely .
all that you need is to reach a shop that can provide you all at once .
if your macbook is experiencing common problems take it to the ideal macbook repair mumbai https www.bombaycomputers.com center as faster as possible .
just book a repair service with the right one and get it repaired now .
a few months after i turned 19 i started seeing a 27 year old guy .
good looking great body wealthy selfish cruel arrogant an asshole with a whole group of his dude bros egging him on whenever he indulged in some assholery .
so of course being the masochistic slut that i am i was drawn to him immediately .
i was introduced to him by a friend 's bf .
the first time he saw me he gave me a long and slow once over .
he told me not asked told to dance with him and i obeyed .
on the dance floor his hand was constantly on my ass .
he did n't care if i liked it or not though i did like it .
he was so rough it hurt sometimes but i came so fucking hard .
i felt so used when after a few hours of fucking me he told me to get out without even looking at me .
but as you can guess even that turned me on .
about two weeks later i got a call from him .
he had gotten my number from the aforementioned friend 's bf .
he told me he was coming over to get me and that i needed to look fine .
he arrived 30 minutes after he said he was going to .
i got into his car and he drove to a party at his place for a party .
i got bored there as i did n't know anyone and my ex ignored me .
when i got up to leave he snapped his fingers at me and told me to sit back down .
later that night when everyone had gone home he made me strip naked and suck him off .
this was followed by the same rough sex the brutality of which seemed to break me .
i cried and screamed as he slapped choked and pulled me by my hair .
after fucking both my ass and pussy he wrapped his hand around my throat and came on my face .
i was now his bitch and his friends ' bitch too .
it was normal for me to have gangbangs that just about destroyed my holes .
he loved slapping and punching me during sex and afterwards he would warn me that i better cover the bruises with make up .
not that i had a problem with this mind you .
i got off so hard on all this physical and psychological abuse .
my inner slut would cry out for his cruelty and he always delivered .
as i mentioned i became his friends ' bitch too .
three of his friends had free access to my body .
as in they could come to my apartment and fuck me whenever they wanted .
i felt dirty sometimes but my pussy would not stop leaking .
my ex would tell me to wait for him at a certain location and would n't show up for another 2 hours .
if i complained he told me he was busy fucking a hotter slut .
he would tell me to clean up the mess his buddies made at his apartment anytime i was there .
he would make snide remarks about me in public and even called me his slut in public .
he knew damn well that i would never resist and he was right .
i was his bitch and i fucking loved it .
i 'm making a 7 foot pf who pretty much only shoot fadeaways .
i can choose between post scorer or rim protector for my takeover .
would post scorer actually help with my fadeaways or am i just better with going eith rim protector and make my inside defense even better ?
i only play the single player part of mycareer .
i know for tech tree for example are nearly always the lead ship .
hms rodney for example would be more worth of inclusion over hms nelson due to its involvement in the hunt for bismarck .
if they ever added a second rn battleship line with a tech tree nelson class it would have to be hms rodney .
i cant believe hms glowworm got overlooked for hms gallant .
sorry i just wan na know because my friend is dating her cousin and they gave me 14 some good ?
i guess points so i just wanted to know why it was bad ?
and i 've never been so afraid of rubick 's cubes .
also sold my soul to the greatest megacorp ever !
an elder law attorney brandon f**l https hemnesslaw.blogspot.com/2020/12/find-elder-law-attorney-brandon-fl.html can encourage the foundation of a clinical intensity of lawyer progressed medical care mandates on account of dementia or helping in the choice cycle of the privilege long haul care office and helping with organizing the monetary assets that cover the expense of that care .
my company is currently running with ses to send up to 50 million emails a month to customers .
however we 're hitting the max default send rate of 500 emails per second and i 'm looking for solutions .
we already have a few dedicated ips but leasing the necessary amount to cover our peaks and for future expansion appears to be incredibly expensive and 40 emails per second per 25 dedicated ip does n't seem worth the cost .
is there a way to 'bring your own ip ' as with ec2 instances or the like ?
i 'm aware of the possibility of smoothening out peaks .
i 'm pursuing this as well although out of scope for this question .
are there alternatives to ses one would recommend at an enterprise level ?
i was inspired by this post https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/kiep3k/most_of_the_gang_is_here ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf and i decided to do one like it but it has way more people .
if you guys have any recommendations on who i should add in this collage please say so in the comments .
ps please link the exact post of which you 're recommending
sc verla have managed there way through to the bundesliga with a focus on developing youth .
the oldest player being 20 has come to the manager and talked about tensions in the dressing room as the players feel out of their depth .
with a tough pre season simmed they will face vfb stuttgart .
as the match begins in the first half the players can already feel the class gap as they struggle to get 0-0 in at half time .
the second half is full of chances for the opposition but the team manage to pull a drag and off .
the manager is left with a tough decision does he splash the cash and abandon his philosophy or does he push through with the players he believed in .
like imagine colette is pegging his ass and she pulls his hair 😳 and he just starts breakdancing 💪😼🥂💯 that woul be kinda awkward 😩💦🍑
firstly i 'm brand new to reddit so excuse any missteps in regard to etiquette and whatnot .
i just subscribed to spectrum ultra 400 mbps internet service and i have an issus that i believe revolves around the sagemcom sac2v2s router that spectrum provides .
i 'm getting consistently good speeds and adequate range out of it so that 's not a problem .
the problem involves broad casting content from an ios device e.g .
how it 's supposed to work is that you tap the little cast '' icon in the app and you see a list of devices that you can stream to e.g .
with the spectrum router in place i see zero available devices when i tap the cast icon .
all of my devices are on the same network .
i purchased a tp-link ac1900 router intending to replace the spectrum router and the casting functionality works as expected but i 'm not able to get consistently fast speeds through it i have no idea why .
i 'm fine with using the spectrum router but i 'd really like to solve this little glitch '' .
i 've learned through other reddit posts that the sagemcom sac2v2s is pretty much completely locked down so i ca n't get in and try playing around with settings to try to solve the issue .
obviously i know there are a lot of performance issues which will need to be ironed out on older platforms but i 'm wondering even in the case that the game is running at its best what can cdpr then add in from there feature and content wise and will they actually add anything ?
are we essentially just going to get what we have now but with performance optimised and the most extreme bugs and glitches fixed and then no more patches after that ?
or are we going to get new features added such as cops driving maybe some extra kill animations such as what were shown in the 48 minute demo etc ?
i 've seen a lot of talk about patches but besides never what the scope of the patches are to the actual game .
t be clear i could n't care less about the cost of the game or anything like that i just want it to be as great as it can be .
many of the posts in this subreddit have put me in stitches putting into words exactly how i feel about some commercials that seem to be on heavy rotation .
i 've cracked up in solidarity with these exasperated posts about joe namath lily '' from at t and the gross stuffed animal mercedes benz wants children to pick up in a parking lot .
what i 've found more unsettling however are the regular posts that bemoan companies as woke '' for having the gall to feature actors who are n't white cis-het people in their commercials .
even though we 've had straight white actors overrepresented on television for the past seventy years some people still seem threatened to see a black brown or lgbt face featured in modern commercials .
i fail to understand how anyone is harmed with a more equitable representation of our global population on tv yet some folks will complain about some false sense of forced diversity '' even though it 's a made up buzzword that means nothing .
did these same people complain or even note that diversity was underrepresented when nearly all commercials and programs featured white cis-heterosexual leads ?
did they also complain about marketing toward other demographics such as women or the elderly ?
what i do n't doubt is that there 's a concerning number of folks who are uncomfortable when commercials and programs do n't actively featuring white cis-het men because it does n't include their perspective even while that perspective is more-than-adequately represented elsewhere .
if you 're one who rolls your eyes when you see woke '' companies showcasing people who are n't like you it 's not about you and there 's no real reason that it has to be .
i know at 4 years old it 's not as bad as say 13/14 but my family has a huge issue of lying .
i know i have that problem which i 've been working on but i 've noticed that my daughter has started doing so like when i asked her if she had fed and water her bunny .
i always check after as i want to teach her responsibility with having something to fed and water .
i 've noticed several days now that i 've had to get after her for lying about taking care of the bunny .
tonight i asked her to put the laundry basket by the washer and she said she did except i went to go into the kitchen and could n't because of the basket .
this was the last straw for me so i rubbed a bar of soap on her teeth .
i 've had this happen to me for bad language as a kid but did i go too far ?
now for the content you 've been waiting for .
an item that can be found in devil deals .
this little devil disguises itself as another devil deal item .
the only way to tell if a regular devil deal item is lil ' sinner is when that item displays the wrong cost for that item .
for example guppy 's head would usually cost 1 heart .
if lil ' sinner was disguising itself as guppy 's head the heart cost would be 2 hearts instead .
after getting him the bastard will start following you and starts to do whatever he can to screw up your run .
the things he can do have been put in this handy dandy list below .
grabs items and pickups and runs away until you catch them
fires a stream of bullets at enemies but damages you also
locks special rooms and chests requiring a key to use
if you do n't exit a room fast enough the doors will close and enemies will spawn
creates an aura similar to succubus that decreases all your stats
smacks you on the head giving you a temporary curse of the blind darkness lost and unknown
throws hearts at bosses and enemies giving them more health
temporarily removes one item from you when you enter a hostile room
aaand ... the only way to get rid of this pest is to either reroll him or use sacrificial altar .
but steamy you cry this sounds like a punishment rather than a reward !
to unlock lil ' sinner you must beat delirium with adam https www.reddit.com/r/bindingofisaac/comments/khqpkf/tboi_absolution_introducing_adam .
you may remember from my last post https www.reddit.com/r/bindingofisaac/comments/kikq9s/tboi_absolution_bombs_away when i mentioned a new challenge called the 3 deadly sinner '' which unlocks nuclear bomb .
i promised to explain it later which is now .
the challenge has you going to beat mom with 3 little sinners .
fortunately treasure rooms are available to hopefully make up for it .
good lord ... the 100 coins on the toy galaxy was brutal ! ! !
i wonder just how much damage you 're doing to me..
yours is careless enough to wander around freely.. you do n't care enough or have enough self insight to keep it in the shadows..
but you know the one good thing about being broken down piece by piece by piece.. until there 's nothing left of you except a hole in throat where the words should be ?
because i was 'raised ' by people like you and him .
i did n't have any foundations to hold me up when i fell apart..
i just sank into the depths of despair until i started thinking 'screw you ' .
piece by piece i found and crafted.. pieced them together carefully using my spirit as glue .
and you 're going to have to go the rest of this one on your own now.. i 'm tired and ca n't carry you any further.. it 's breaking me .
you 'd have to be from the planet mars not to have heard of the m1 chip that apple released .
so the question is whether goodnotes will optimize their app for the m1 architecture or is something goodnotes will pass on ?
im posting this bc im searching a coach for my team if ur interested to coach an already made team who is wiling to improve dm me .
we are a low rank team plat but we are winning lots of scrims vs high diamond and inmortal players .
we just want some advice creating new strats for every map .
if someone would like to do some tryouts with us dm me and if we see that ur job is high quality we could maybe arrange some salary .
no i 'd rather them be able to choose from various past title belts .
and i was watching the television without really paying attention since my mind was somewhere else .
it could n't have been any different considering what happened that day ... but the worst was yet to come .
i 'm sorry to say this but as someone who loves dogs and also has kids one with a disability who loves to be right in our dogs face bette was not the problem !
the people who were supposed to be watching her more importantly were the bigger problem !
so if that was you or your sister or maybe both of you then you should blame yourselves .
dogs do n't know how to communicate well with little humans who themselves are n't great communicators !
what happened to your niece was n't her fault as she did n't know better but you and her mother did know better .
your sister however has no right to stop you from getting a dog but it is up to you to be more responsible with a dog around small children no matter how well trained the pup is .
so your parents are spending on a low end tens of thousands of dollars on an ivy league school just so you can wonder why you are there .
philosophy really so whats your minor psychology or homelessness .
but curbelo has had good stretches way more often .
trump also is n't the only republican politician who creates policy
thank you so much for doing this i know i wont win but this will definitely make someone 's christmas .
let 's be honest here even if he is n't a world leader right now he should become one since he could quite possibly change earth
i might be able to give it a shot .
i was charged 20 extra usd this month for a iron man figure .
i do believe there is a wrong conversion done by tw .
there 's never gon na be another reciever that talented who 's also 6'8 ''
i 'm gon na say a word that may be blocking it .
there 's so much wrong i ca n't even begin to unpack it .
could n't pass up the opportunity for the cover shot with night city as the backdrop
same here for the me bit why people keep on making posts like this tbh .
it was disappointing having been the first time i got to see them but i still had a really good time .
that clip was taken out of context in a documentary '' that has been widely discredited as being fraudulent and just pure yellow journalism .
what he said was he 'd share his bed with anybody and sleep on the floor .
fbi files are available to download square one on amazon prime .
not gon na lie the titanium and carbon fiber goodies are pretty badass .
i do n't have kids but i 'd just tell the truth and say because they want to ''
jordan from scrubs had two roles one at a woman at the brazier company when george feels the cloth of her outfit and then a few seasons later she plays one of george 's girlfriends that takes an art class with elaine
ya in all mw was a mediocre game the maps were sub par and the servers have been shit almost since launch not to mention how they were when warzone came out .
every one was just nostalgia hungry over boots on ground again .
they did n't even bring back good maps from other call of duty games .
we may have to just accept the fact that the days of good cod games is over .
stop buying amazon if you can ... support your pc focussed retailers online or local
also my rule of thumb is that if u have less than 300 dollars you always get intel and if you have more than 300 dollars you get a 5th gen ryzen ...
if you can get your hands on one ofc .
you 'd be surprised the amount of somalis who think they 're arabs .
i always shoot for 80 but usually end up in high 70s .
being a medical expert you would know the impact of separating any mammal from mother puppies get 6 weeks chimps much longer than that .
and yet you would deny that separation of mother and baby has any impact at all on the child ?
even the united nations has weighed in to say that no vulnerable baby whose health is compromised should be separated from its mother at all ever .
how do you think it would not be traumatic for the baby ?
there are so many studies available to you and yet you say this flying plainly in the face of common sense and natural biological dynamics ?
i have n't spoken to my covidiot relatives since the summer .
mine are deep into q so that helps with not wanting any contact
its legal because the engine is newer than the car exhaust goes out the back through a quiet muffler when the dump isnt turned on and it passes smog 😋
yeah ... .i do n't have a car and the nearest post office location is a half hour walk away .
my nearest mail box that i can drop packages in is a ten minute walk away .
it 's winter so i 'm not going to take an hour round trip walk to the post office .
i 'm not taking public transit during a pandemic and i ca n't bike because the roads are full of snow .
i 'm going to keep dropping my packages in the mail box and hope for the best .
hello u/fish0102 unfortunately your post has been removed from r/blursedimages
your post has been removed due to being a chainpost or a repost .
please remember to search the sub and check tineye https tineye.com and/or karmadecay http karmadecay.com if you are n't sure that it has n't been posted before .
these softwares are n't always perfect and can sometimes provide false negatives .
if your post does n't show up on tineye or karmadecay that does n't necessarily mean it has n't been posted here before .
if you have any questions please do not hesitate to message the mods .
https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fblursedimages subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/blursedimages/comments/kiu2wz 0d 0d
subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/blursedimages/about/rules reddiquette https www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette reddit 's rules https www.redditinc.com/policies/content-policy new to reddit ?
if you have never failed before then you have never tried anything new .
people have failed for thousands and thousands of years .
plenty of us who have failed have end up becoming successful .
literally every mk9 females tiddies were bigger than their heads .
i did n't even know pee did n't come from the vagina until i watched that one episode of orange is the new black when i was in college
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah i 'm on a crap pc and get noticeable frame rate drops whenever theres heaps of elemental effects in combat .
not sure if its just cos of the addition of snow but that never used to happen .
touring is not coming back for anyone for at least another year .
that 's aside from everything that has changed for taylor since lover came out .
thats awesome to hear a lot of guys are able to afford nicer firearms later in life and forget they carried a g2c in college lol
hell yes making a sound like a guy running in flip flops until my hand went numb lol
its dark you ca n't run you ca n't hide no one can hear your screams and a pack of 10 ghouls are chasing you ... fucking terrifying .
i have seen this here lot but i have n't found it where is it ?
at her facebook page theres the exact part where she has those hot takes
i think his pride and ego would n't allow him to resign even if for only 1 day .
now i may be overly optimistic but from this basic description i 'm picturing something that just holds your hand until the very ultimate goal for me at least of being able to read japanese !
after all you know 10.000 words and all the joyo kanji and you 've practiced a lot of grammar patterns .
unfortunately no resource will allow you to go from pre-made stuff for learners straight to completely comprehending native material .
there will always be a transitional period where you struggle your way through your first book/movie/etc .
while i get the appeal you 'll never learn how to read japanese media without engaging with the real thing .
anki decks especially pre-made anki decks can never be more than supplementary material .
in that regard jalup sounds similar to the core 10k deck which is available for free on ankiweb https ankiweb.net/shared/info/935381472 .
i know this post is old but i stumbled on it while looking for something else lol
from sg too i use allie extra uv perfect .
it 's the milk version of the allie uv gel and dries down nicely while staying waterproof .
i find i still get a little shiny after a few hours but it 's less than i would be without .
do you consider the fact that it was a rumor discussed at a dinner and never made it to camera as allegedly planned equal to people coming for her ?
i still would n't order from sv though because last time i ordered everything ready to ship in 24 hours i did n't get any notifications just pending for over a week .
took days to get a reply from their customer service .
took over a week for me basically cancel my order .
at least yesstyle is honest and transparent with their inventory .
do you know if i would still get the 600 weekly boost for those dates or if it is too late for that ?
the testing can tell you if you have thyroid issues even if you can confirm ovulation .
i have sub-clinical hypothyroidism and i ovulate every month .
what i 'm really getting at is how to conduct uat without introducing latency .
my dev team wants the ability to make deployments into production at their discretion upon task or story completion .
i challenged this citing concerns with potential issues of releasing code that may be bug-free but could still fail uat .
their response is that this will just introduce latency into the system .
this is not a way i 'm used to working i 'm used to product being the gatekeeper to production and uat on a frozen branch being conducted prior to a deployment .
i draw sonic the hedgehog and pokemon characters and also make custom sticker designs !
i can draw any existing character from either franchise and will consider oc 's .
please send me a message either on here or find me on discord !
simple backgrounds are included free of charge you decide what color-scheme you 'd like !
please allow 1 week for me to complete your art .
i 'll send you a watermarked version of the final piece and will send you the clean version once payment is received .
i could drain all the juices from that exquisite pussy 😩🤤😜
i do n't quite get why howard fixated on mountain or leslie west
leslie west was born leslie weinstein and grew up on long island .
mat 22:36-40 kjv 36 master which is the great commandment in the law ?
37 jesus said unto him thou shalt love the lord thy god with all thy heart and with all thy soul and with all thy mind .
39 and the second is like unto it thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself .
40 on these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets .
pretty sure the lakers one year went winless preseason and won the chip lol
my husband went no contact with his family for the same reasons .
because getting 3 on cancerwire seemed nearly impossible unless you were the professor lol
you dont wonder where it is or when it will arrive .
you wont doubt it you wont worry ... you know you already have it .
and your 3d will catch up to show you that .
please read allismind post on living in the end .
now that your desire is already yours and you already have it what would you do ?
just cut out all thoughts around making it happen doubts worries etx .
the most corrupt president in history continues to dole out the most corrupt pardons in history
not because the actor is bad but because she is so fucking good at being awful .
i really wish i had known to take the master key but alas i did not .
it 's a definite pickup when i replay the game though .
well like i said feel free to start one .
we could work together if you want but i do n't want to be the one that starts it
as much as i love ezios master assassin i wish they would put his og outfit from ac 2 and his outfit from revelations in games
we 'll be flying to md anderson on christmas day for my mother .
this will be an interesting holiday in houston but memorable i 'm sure ❤️ merry christmas !
i have a friend who is very ill with it now .
but the game will probably need to be reworked a lot
iirc use of stingray was ruled unconstitutional due to several privacy violations .
if they are still using them then i 'm pretty sure they 're committing felonies themselves .
i 'm also not too sure about the medusa stare either .
i know some satellites are capable of this but i have n't heard anything credible about drones or other cameras capable of this .
and unless these cameras are magic there is no way for something to take a picture of another person and be able to pull the meta-data off their personal photos assuming it is enable for the device since on numerous devices you can chose to not have it store this information in the first place .
i 've started playing with this and perhaps found a useful stability test .
i could run 20 all-core on a 5600x for 32min longest tested using occt extreme .
however that died within a few seconds using occt sse small data set 1t non-extreme .
temps were 15c higher than any other test i 'd done too low 70 's d15 .
thank you so much for all the fun philly gifts ! ! !
i 'm so excited to try those masks and coffee drinks !
my husband and i both also already tried a few of the chocolates and they are delicious ! !
the best revenge is doing well in spite of what they have done to you or to not let them bother you .
it 's an art and i dont know how some people do it .
but letting them not affect you is the ultimate revenge .
lmao if you think people hate him now just wait a few years .
my ring is blue topaz our birthstone with an itty bitty diamond on each side and a silver band .
i really like it it 's not super fancy i like that he thought of getting our birthstone we have the same birthday and he did n't buy a diamond or spend a fortune which he knew i did n't want .
i 've had some sad meals when budgeting goes wrong namely a single tortilla dipped in ranch dressing
its hard for me to find a job that pays more than amazon does
i do n't need it i hate myself and she makes me feel
i know generally speaking only beginners gain muscle on a cut but what if you 're a non beginner working muscles you normally have not ?
for example i am incorporating side delt isolations 3x a week cause i feel like they are lagging behind my front and rears doing 5/3/1 if it matters at all .
thinking about the grenade spam at the reichstag still gives me the sweats .
where 's my boy my little ... m o n k e y m a n
you were not born your mama shitted you out forcefully
dude i absolutely hate the oh the new units can hold their own against zenkais though argument lol it 's so awful it 's like
oh so you 're telling me that this brand new unit is n't as good as a zenkai but it can at least hold his own ?
then why the fuck would i try to summon for it if the best it can do is hold it 's own ?
i 'd rather summon for the zenkai unit since you 'll be at a much bigger advantage since as you said the best thing other non zenkai units even newer lf units will be able to do is hold their own lol nobody wants to summon on a unit that can hold its own in the meta .
plus 7k cc spent on zenkai banner guarantee you a busted unit meanwhile those same 7k cc spent on a new banner do n't guarantee you anything good .
in short you 're totally right about not summoning for new units man i know i wo n't .
yeah out of all of them s.i.l made a lot of sense for her just some others it was like do we really have to do this ?
alton brown has an aged egg nog that can be drank up to at least a year later .
because of the decent alcohol content i 'd say similar .
so many comments and none of them realize op is a catfishing dude that forgot to clean his post history lol
is the passive of the snow tombed starsilver cryo or physical ?
if 11k is going to pay off your debt i need to keep an eye out for that shit diploma on the mds wall so i can bolt .
i want to come and watch ‘a streetcar named marge ' with you
true but the first head sculpt looks even older than the older tony stark in the film .
the dude has like three trump banners under an american flag .
he 's since inverted the flag and has written 'in distress ' on the flag pole to really emphasize the point .
the washington times judge wo n't force maricopa county to obey election subpoena https twitter.com/washtimes/status/1341950175590412288
regarding mask submissions while we recognize the overlap between lockdowns and masks we do not accept top-level posts about masks because they distract from our central focus and put the survival of our sub in jeopardy .
they are also a topic that has become a poisoned well no atmosphere for good discussion exists about masking policy .
not only the holidays but the rest of my life babe
at the same time though religion was a good way to keep people centred to a collective moral .
by modern standards of free speech that seems bad but back in the day religion kept things peaceful and neat without it people would dissolve into anarchy very easily .
no for sure it sucks but chris webber is n't the guy who 's going to help with that .
or you could just live in country without amazon ... welp .
all those other baseball cards are good but man getting hit by baseball in the groin had a man getting hit by a baseball in the groin .
when he 's not doing anything offensively as far as opening up space with being a lob threat he 's worthless .
i have a connective tissue disorder so my ribs pop out sometimes .
i got it from a will and im trying to find out what exactly it is to get it appraised .
it would be pretty unfair if you went all your life without comitting a single sin in order to get to heaven and be sent anyways because someone else sweared
even in canada which has the stereotype of having snow everywhere there is no snow where i am
lol yeah i 'm pretty sure i turned like half my preclinical assignments in late .
getting a professionalism mark for one late assignment is crazy .
in general yes people get better blood pressure control using a combination of two agents at moderate doses with different mechanisms than just by increasing the dose of one agent to the maximum dose .
either combination would be fine telmisartan with nebivolol or telmisartan with hydrochlorothiazide hctz .
the maximum dose of telmisartan is 80 mg daily so going up to 40 mg by itself would be fine .
you do n't need to add on another agent at a 20 mg dose which is honestly pretty low i think most doctors would probably increase it to 40 mg daily before adding on a second agent .
the risk of hyperkalemia with a low dose of hctz is low unless you have kidney dysfunction .
if you 're getting water retention on cycle hctz might be a preferable option to nebivolol .
you can start with 12.5 mg daily if you want to be cautious but you probably wo n't get much blood pressure lowering effect from that dose .
20 mg is a good place to start for telmisartan .
if that does n't work increasing to 40 mg daily is fine to see if that works .
if you want to stay at 20 mg and add on hctz 12.5-25 mg or nebivolol 5 mg that 's fine too .
i agree with xayah they should also nerf sivir idk why riot is n't nerfing her when she is being picked in every game other than that i feel like shen does n't do enough dmg compared to for exemple skarner he for sure needs a buff .
i 'm assuming you 've done this kind of thing before .
i saw the opportunity for a dad joke and had to go for it .
lego star destroyer lego death star lego millennium falcon comic-con star wars celebration g-fest and the godzilla hotel all sound fantastic .
probably when gf and i have had a few days of foot play .
she 'll wear her same socks and avoid cleaning her feet for a few days i 'm more than happy to play with them during and after .
sometimes this has progressed to a bit of cum play with me finishing on her feet or in her socks which she 'll carry on wearing .
have never tried tasting her after this but we both seem to love the idea of her having filthy slutty feet as she calls them .
you can leave your findings in issues section here https github.com/dreamdream2020/scorched-pixel-dungeon/releases/tag/0.9.1base because developer said he doesnt check reddit often
if you look at the timeline it is end q4 .
things better than sex two four lokos and some blow '' 😂😂
they 'll think it 's cringy but do n't let it bother you .
that sounds like a subreddit where people beat their meat to music
i do n't think you can get it as a digital code sadly .
nintendo does n't have any kind of gifting system and it does n't appear that among us is being sold by other retailers i could n't find it in the us at least
if you 're in the us some retailers sell 5 eshop gift cards https www.bestbuy.com/site/nintendo-eshop-5-gift-card-digital/5900136.p ? skuid=5900136 .
it 's not ideal but that would be your best option in this situation
thank you for your submission unfortunately it has been automatically removed because it was not properly titled .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/2meirl4meirl if you have any questions or concerns .
a little late night humor for my fellow americans who are up with an upset tummy .
buy him a piece of prank poo wrap it up and leave it in his house because he is shit
also my mom we did n't have anything for dinner that gizmo could eat so i made him some mashed potatoes
how ab the best christmas song of all time ... father christmas
no or do you already pley for 5 years ?
if you have n't already can you go subscribe to my youtube channel🔥💫💯 ? ?
i am 100 subscribers away from 300🤫💯 i subscribe back permanently and support anyone who supports me 💯❤️ ! ! !
they shipped you a build with the wrong parts ?
then we can lift the restrictions and go back to normal .
when people say it 'll be around for 10 years they mean it in the same way h1n1 is still around .
but it 's not something we worry about now since it 's under control .
fat janemba 's super attack looked alright he just does this over and over until he knocks goku back to the background jelly beans .
super janemba animations are what we saw the other day no counter animations added either
the latest consoles have very good technology at a fair price-point right now but not only are they very sold out the games my son/his friends play are on the pc .
i think this analysis makes a lot of unfair and inaccurate assumptions about poor people that can not be empirically proven by anything and overestimates the potential of people that consider/end up being teachers .
i do n't think anything of what you said can honestly be extrapolated to the real world
prefer paperbacks for reading but hardcovers are great because you can drop them without denting the book .
it sounds like neither side of the argument has proven their case .
who the fuck does that dumb bitch think she is ordering him to turn the camera off '' ... are you fucking serious ?
drugs ca n't cause schizophrenia they can make it emerge much faster than it normally would and can worsen symptoms .
so if you 're going to get it you 're going to get it it 's just a matter of when you know ?
i learned a while ago that when someone does something for you whether it is cooking cleaning filling the car with gas whatever it is because they care about you and your well being .
you are important enough for them to give you consideration and put time and effort to make your life better .
the least you can do is graciously accept their consideration .
i was negative and i got out what i put in .
it just felt wrong talking down a whole state based on my few bad experiences .
they 're saying that this evidence does n't actually prove anything and the other evidence already gathered strongly implies that he is guilty .
unfortunately your post was removed as it violates our rules
please read the sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/aww/about/sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/aww/about/rules before posting again .
if you have questions or concerns please message the moderators through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/aww subject message .
i mean you jumped to stabbing people and rape as examples ... i am kind of shocked .
just because this snippet of a conversation does n't display self-control does n't mean self-control is n't present .
merry christmas to you and all your loved ones may you all be safe healthy happy and abundantly blessed through the holidays and new year ! 🙏🏼💝 there is a hyaluronic acid lotion in amazon about 18.00 us dollars great stuff its called alpha skin care renewal-try it man its amazing and gentle🙏🏼💝thanks for your great attitude you always make me my family smile💝💝
it 's an australian cattle dog aka red/blue heeler .
they have dingo in their ancestral line but they are not part dingo or anything like that .
accounts with low karma are not allowed to post in r/bonermaterial .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to post here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose karma limits .
we do not make exceptions so please do not ask .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bonermaterial if you have any questions or concerns .
for super heavy tones i use an mi audio super crunch box .
sounds fierce through a clean twin though it is a marshall in a box type pedal .
cleans up very well for a light overdrive and is special when it comes to mid gain crunch i love it .
check out the suhr riot too its another one with a huge gain range that always sounds good and with a clean twin .
i just choose not to be in every thread cause some of them are very not funni .
i proposed that it was possible that le planted the info on bobby 's computer when the report first came out but it did not gain any traction on reddit at that time .
i only watch anime and i find the story startes to bloat and lose its attraction since the arrival of hakudoshi .
the final season is sadly comparable to game of throne season final .
certainly nothing that impressive compared to the writers and artists like yourself who help the visuals .
she seemed knowledgeable enough to me to make such a statement so it did n't seem unfitting for her to make it .
i am not trying to be dismissive of your view on this .
you are also entitled to the subjective view that this alteration to line makes the dub poorer .
it i assume negatively impacted your enjoyment of the dub in the same way it enhanced my enjoyment .
i do n't particularly care to that decree about the author 's intent and i do n't mind the addition of political messaging as long as it 's on my side .
i went out to sushi with my parents did n't really do a whole lot with my friends but it was great just doing that .
it shows how much his scene contributed to the overall sense of atmosphere when you compare to the live action movie which had elements of this but not the extended sequence .
was one of the many missing components of the live action .
also the animation the rain and lights at night a absolutely stunning .
also does n't russia have some not-very-nice rules regarding gay people and the like ?
i have a grinder with that same clear top and metal pattern
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansbrunette if you have any questions or concerns .
it does n't need any fix since there already the solutions which are fortune enchantment and the villager comversion method as i said before many times doing that is your option and if you prefer to do it in the least efficient way is your own fault because the game offers alternatives and solutions to the problem
guys i found the clip in a compilation but i am still looking for the full video !
guess violet will be my go to crit buffer then for the foreseeable future then .
are there any other zone units like anabel that can deploy a zone by skill rather than vc ?
this last nerf to echo was pretty extreme i expect he 'll be getting a buff sometime down the road but right now mozzie is solid and echo is awful .
my wife tells me i smell too much like thinset for sex .
also my wife wanted scraped high gloss painted popcorn ceiling skim coated ceiling after removal complete replacement of tile floors that run throughout the house with wood floors diy non bearing wall demo verified by structural engineer close up of a extra doors on a bedroom pergola demo new baseboards complete bathroom update with new tub/shower vanity tile removal of all bushes currently surrounding the property removal and retiling of entrance roof ceiling repainting interior and exterior new lighting fixtures throughout the home new electrical outlets throughout drywall repair throughout new trim including wall trim painting window frames black and move everything we own within 60 days from purchase date .
i think my next hardware solution will be an everdrive .
which still needs the 32x.. at least i have it i guess .
the only thing that offends me is your insipidness and banality .
self refelction and self realisation are wonderful tools and it‘s good that you now know you made yourself miserable .
the description of his ability may be deceiving but by ... converted to cryo dmg '' it means that now you do cryo instead of phy increasing your phy dmg does n't do anything to make cryo dmg go up thats why there 's cryo dmg bonus and phy dmg bonus they are two different things it functions the same way like diluc ult when he ults he converts his phy dmg to pyro dmg on his basic attacks thats why people use pyro dmg bonus on him .
btw stop using genshin.gg this site has a lot of misinformation .
btw 2 in the game the description for his ability does n't say converted '' it says infused '' .
double cream salt pepper english mustard a sharp strong cheese add cooked macaroni reduce down till nice and creamy .
i do this by eye i ca n't give you any measurements sorry but it 's the best macaroni cheese ever .
you can be a purist do the roux thing as i had done for many years the above option is way easier equally if not better than the traditional method .
source been making macaroni cheese for a very long time .
did n't read it but pretty much extracellular vesicles are released from cells and float in the blood stream often used for communication between cells because other cells sometimes uptake a vesicle .
this would mean there 's something interfering with vesicle formation or dna formation .
very complicated stuff tbh we 're still learning about the role of extracellular vesicles but they seem to be involved a lot in coagulation among other things .
i really do n't understand the wildly varying differences in experience .
i have borderlands 3 for ps4 and also only play couch coop and have never had a problem .
it 's runs as smooth as any other game .
it sounds like he feels very self important perhaps he 's a little egotistical or something ?
everyone has to go to restaurants where they do n't prefer from time to time and there 's always options for people who do n't have restrictive diets .
he could even show up and not eat anything or pick something small that he would n't mind .
sounds a lot like he thinks too highly of himself to do/accept things that are n't to his preference .
what have you noticed if anything in the 19 days so far ? ?
well i remember some couple months ago when this whole john anger ark started and i commented on how the story plot has declined significantly and uru should atleast check comment section to see that in all honesty there hasnt been any story development for a long time and it 's just been repetitive and i got bashed that am a hater this and that bla bla bla that i dont appreciate the hard work of the author but now everyone can clearly see just how messed up and repetitive the plot has been so who 's the joke on now ?
well my advice to uru since unordinary is the first weebtoon i ever used a fastpass on and was easily my best webtoon but now not sure if it 's in my top 10 so pls dont destroy this series that started like a masterpiece and now on a decline cox alot of peepz dropping it but hey it 's still a series i luv so i hope we get a progressive plot sooner coz i really dont understand the main purpose of this series anymore atleast just focus on a single plot ty
no if you do n't like it then just do n't come to the sub the whole sub should n't be shut down because you do n't like it
you can just buy alcohol with low percentages of alcohol like beer or wine
you do n't see that much political shit in bakchodi these days .
i do n't think she even knows what she 's talking about .
would really be nice if once you get to stated 100 in a region it just explicitly marks the remainder on your map or at least says you have this many chests left and that many anemoculus/geoculus/agates left '' .
first i 'd ask you how the fuck did you get into my house !
then i 'd pound you till you come and then spray my load all over your face !
and yeah it 's always easier to edit someone else 's work !
the basic idea is elements from the batman animated series of the 90 's and flesh out the world .
well you wo n't have any toes left agey that though
is to work at being responsible in your work and family life .
i always find it amusing to imagine that flair sold her to him .
while the things you guys mentioned are extraordinarily lucky 1/7.5 trillion is an insane number compared to both of those .
1 trillion in and of itself is an incredibly large number and when the 1/7.5 trillion was even being generous to dream it 's effectively impossible because of how unlikely it would be
do you really think it 's more likely to have a 1/7.5 trillion chance or that someone with reason to cheat did in fact cheat ?
and cheating is not unheard of at all in speed-running
as a raps fan from when the team was named when you 're good you also attract a lot of the shitty fans .
the mistake we make is calling them pats fans .
they 're bandwagoners who just happen to have been pats fans .
in 2 years they 'll have been long suffering chiefs fans .
if the bills become a dynasty they 'll have been smashing tables from when they were 3 or 4
i have searched for the normal key word like police graphic novel with weird mask and sword guy and also have tried manga search engines
they also have pizza ovens my dad has a free standing one with a rotating plate and torch underneath .
no problem and same here i 'm always up for hearing the other side .
i am looking for ball number 97 dm me bc i really need it
this is an idea i 've been thinking of for quite a while .
i do n't think there has been a racetrack manager yet .
and as you get to more advanced series that pay more they will have more requirements .
i just built two new systems that are nearly identical except for the operating systems .
one system is using pop ! os linux and the other is using windows 10 .
both systems have i7-9700 processors 32gb of memory and nvidia graphics cards .
i have licenses for several windows-only programs for photo work capture one v20 affinity photo fastrawviewer and topaz denoise ai so i intend to continue using windows 10 for some of my photo-related work at least until the programs i have are not current enough to be useful .
i 'm trying to migrate to foss as much as possible but i expect i will need to use some non-foss as well .
on the linux system i have gimp geeqie digikam and rapid photo downloader installed .
i am at the point of installing darktable on either linux or windows 10 and would like insight about which platform makes more sense .
is there a big difference in stability or functionality between darktable on linux vs. windows 10 ?
is there a difference in how well darktable will integrate with my other photo-related programs on either platform ?
please give me your opinion i found these 2 guitars at the same price and i do n't know which one to choose what do you think ?
i 've been playing on fender guitars all my life so i guess the neck would feel more comfortable to me .
i tried an ibanez prestige but did n't like the thin neck so i guess the schecter 's neck would also feel too thin to me .
however i 'm concerned about the built quality of the fender being not as good as the shecter 's .
he 's too little to even know what 's going on but i 'm so excited to build traditions and memories with him !
i 've called the healthline and waiting on a call back from a gp
i 'm 25 weeks today and when i went to the bathroom i noticed 3 drops of red blood on my underwear nothing when i wiped .
i have zero other symptoms and can still feel baby kicking .
also my placenta was sitting low at my 20 week ultrasound .
i 've called the healthline and the nurse did n't seem worried at all but has ordered a gp to call me back .
also it 's christmas day and i really do n't want to go to the emergency room right now .
i guess i 'm just looking for anecdotes and trying to keep myself sane while waiting for a call back .
learn how to create a streaming service https addevice.io/blog/how-to-start-streaming-service-like-netflix like netflix .
explore how to start streaming service with unique features .
ursa thought she was protecting zuko by killing azulon but little did she know that she left him more vulnerable at the hands of a tyrannical father .
ursa may have saved zuko 's life but in doing so took away his childhood and a part of his soul .
i know she also left azula behind but here 's the sad part .
azula was always seen as a prodigy and because she trained showed her skills ozai loved her more .
he also favored her over zuko bc he was n't as cold and ruthless as her or him .
if azula had someone to fight for her as iroh did zuko she could 've had a chance but sadly she did n't .
the worst part of it all is that because this all started when they were kids .
azula was seen as a prodigy as i 've stated and it went to her head more that she always had to be the best .
when a child has grown/is growing into that state it 's hard to bring them into the good side .
i really do wish that ursa tried harder for azula .
the way azula behaved would make any parent wonder what 's wrong with their child but even then azula was still a child with a horrible father and in those situations having the other parent fight for u can do some good .
i just got it and i realized it has bolts instead of arrows and am wondering where ill be able to find some extra ammo
so originally taymor wanted these villains in totd as well as venom and rhino .
eventually the only sinister six character who remained in the play was electro .
what i wonder is what would they have looked like ?
would doc ock 's arms have been attached or just molded into the actor 's suit ?
would vulture 's wings be attached and would he fly like the green goblin ?
i assume morbius would 've just had a bodysuit like kraven but that would 've looked weird as a vampire .
venom probably would 've just had a black version of the carnage suit .
rhino in my opinion would 've been a better option than kraven .
some friends are in town and want to go to universal on xmas day .
as a uoap ca n't i get them 15 off their tix or is that only for multiple day tix ?
any other deals out there for them other then my 15 off ?
what are they i got 3 one where they have ula-ulas and other were the held the ps2 dont remember the other and were i can see them ?
edit they are bots that later appear on the ps labo
i mean people said that it was the hardest of the lot but i 've just met andre and i do n't know what the fuck i 'm meant to be doing .
i feel really weak for some reason like i 'm not doing enough damage and i 'm mostly just walking down any path i find because i have no goddamn clue where to go .
i have no clue what blue titanite does and i 've only managed to get one titanite shard .
wish me luck and hope i do n't go hollow brothers .
what should i upgrade next i cant afford a new gpu but if that is all you reccomend still tell me .
16gb 3600mhz ram 2x8 500gb nvme ssd 250gb 2.5in ssd 1tb hdd ryzen 7 3800x 5600xt 6gb asus rog strix b450f stock cooler 5 case fans .
i have an almost 15 month old and am officially 5 weeks pregnant today !
i found out with my daughter at 3w6d and the exact same time with this one .
it 's strange though because already it 's wildly different !
first pregnancy was instant breast soreness even at 3 weeks and they grew over night
this one i 'm 5 weeks and not an inch of growth or tenderness
first pregnancy i craved super unhealthy immediately specifically hot cheetos lol
this one i 'm craving veggies like i 've been eating a whole cucumber and 5 peppers a day
my first pregnancy i was super tired at 4 weeks and hit with all day nausea right at 5 weeks .
i 've been preparing myself to get the same thing today but i have so far felt amazing and not pregnant at all besides some super mild cramping and lower back uncomfortableness
this week could definitely take a turn for the worse but i seriously hated being pregnant with my daughter i was nauseous from 5-20 weeks and had a pinched nerve on my rib from 20-32 weeks .
i 'm trying not to talk myself up but could it be that this one is different !
i 'd love to hear your 2nd pregnancy differences !
also slightly concerned about the fact i have n't gotten any pregnancy symptoms i have no cause for concerns typically but it feels weird to me
how do you add a miner to a specific mine ?
i got one in a legendary chest and idk how it works ...
about 8 months ago i purchased my tecuatl creatch pealab jacket .
my friend owned a grey one size 50 and i tried it on .
it fit me nicely but the shoulders naturally felt a bit tight since my rick leather jackets are 54 and all my other rick jackets are 52 .
since the bottom part of the jacket was already quite big and i wear oversized clothes i decided to purchase a size 52 .
i found it in my closet today again and tried it on then i remembered why i had n't used it in a while .
it does n't feel tight on the shoulders but it feels really tight on my biceps .
to the point that if i hug someone for an extender period of time it kind of hurts .
i 'm just sad cause i feel like i 'm not gon na give a bunch of use to it and i look great while wearing it .
would n't do a 54 cause the bottom part of the jacket would definitely look too big .
as the title of the thread already states i think that the game is way too easy in a lot of ways .
compared to 1.6 there is a lot less movement inaccuracies when strafing what makes peaking and shooting in general way too easy .
i really love the game but in the long run i think a higher skill ceiling is much needed to differentiate player skill a lot more .
in the mood to here some stories about when you realized they were the one
on september 19 2017 police were called to the area of 37 street and 118 avenue for what was believed to be a single-vehicle collision .
on arrival spiros tziklas was found deceased in his car and had injuries inconsistent with the collision .
so im just gunna throw some assumptions about what happened to spiros
what ever the case is it 's sad that someone had to die i found it hard to find info on this case what is your opinions ? .
add me if u wan na play my gamertag is ripplycoderrc and all i 'm tryna do is get enough money to buy the large delivery wagon 525 also tryna get to level 5 in moonshiner
hello guys i need karma to post on some subs that can me potencially find me features for my album .
i just want to ask how it is for you when you are drunk .
most of my sexual activities happened while being drunk .
because i am a shy person i can only open up with a certain amount of alcohol .
i never lost control of me but i observed a dramatic rise of my libido in my drunk self .
since i ca n't celebrate christmas with my family this year i decided to have a celebration in ac !
i decorated a small part of my island for the holidays and have collected lots of things to give away .
i have n't played that long so newer players will benefit the most from the things i have available .
i 'll be wearing the red tree dress and a santa hat and i 'm looking forward to seeing you all in your holiday best !
to the right of the airport you will find crafting materials all varieties of fruit and other assorted things .
to the left of the airport you will find diys fossils clothing walls flooring and lots of items .
i have have a few seasonal diys and items that are placed near my house .
before you leave head over to resident services for a gift one per person please .
also if you need to do some last minute gift wrapping you should be able to find what you need .
please comment here first and i will dm you with the dodo code when it 's your turn to arrive .
i plan to be open for at least an hour .
with the possible vape mail ban coming up i was wondering what is a vape you would buy that would be the most durable and last a long time without needing to buy extra parts ?
after managing to breed a pair of 4 fertility 5 sv parents i 'm now wondering if i should keep breeding the offspring to 0 fertility before selling them or if there is value in selling them with remaining fertility .
the issue i see is that there is the potential to make more profit from breeding more perfects rather than selling perfects with remaining fertility for a slightly higher price .
i 'd just like to say to the asshole that made resilient robots and not any kind of match making for daily ops ?
it 's for creators so i wo n't play games and i wo n't overclock .
i 've chosen those two to believe in dual lan and the durability of the motherboard and i 'm very concerned about the chipset heating of the normal version of crossshair 8 .
that 's because dark hero have far bigger heatsink on the other hand normal hero have much smaller heatsink and cute fan .
my kik is dre.c18 and i ca n't wait people to play with and when you join i 'll show you my 3 cock succbi ref or my hung vampiric orc ref along with my kinks and limtis .
i only play on kik and no guys or femboys
i am 18 and all participants and characters must be 18 .
my request for a rp but i 'd like to play an oc futa with my partners playing as any girl from the dc universe .
i 'm looking for submissive partners and the refs must be busty .
i 'll either play a 3 cocked sex demon or a vampiric hung orc .
we can figure out plots once you join but one i had in mind was a fighter where i overwhelm you and sexually tease you during our fight or a romantic one where a blind date goes very much right we work together on a heist or any plot you may have for us i 'm cool with as long as you can play any dc female characters .
i ca n't wait too see who responds to my ad .
i am considering math applied science math cs or math stats .
i 've finally decided to leave the evo community and join the skyline community !
however i 'm very new to this import thing .
i have a private seller in my local area who imports cars which would be nice since i would n't have to fly out of state and the car would be delivered right to me .
however since it 's a private seller and i will most likely be unable to inspect the car before i buy it and will only have to take his word and trust the pictures and videos he sends me plus if something is wrong with the car since they are 20 years old i would n't have any way of getting my money back or have any coverage .
if i go with a dealership i at least have ease of mind that i can at least return the car and will be able to take some sort of action against them if the car they sold me is n't running properly .
but i would have to go threw a dealership and they can be a real hassle .
i 'd love to get some feedback on this especially if you have done business with any of these companies .
i want to move windows to my new drive .
i heard it is risky but i would like quicker load times .
my first bias from blackpink was lisa ... she grabbed my attention just by how swag she was
she has a unique swag as her body language ... i liked how swag she rapped in boombayah..from that day i became her fan and later on i saw how good she was in dancing
swalla cover just was overwhelming and i was so sad by how yg never showcases her talent and then i saw lili film and i was shocked how beautifully she moved and every moves were just too perfectly exhibited
whenever she dances it feels like she never stops to dance and i wished that every video was a little longer cuz she danced that elegantly .
how does she manage to be elegant and sexy at the same time ?
she creates a aura around her whenever she dances ..she manages to grab the attention even when she dances in a crowd ..her moves are so sharp elegant and she finishes every move and goes on with the next move
she may not be the best dancer but she sure is one of the best female idols who can dance
that is because s***he is lalisa manoban the dance icon
every lili film exhibited every kinds of dances and she killed every form ... i wish that there were more lili films and she fucking deserves every single thing she achieved ... she is a queen
any other possible hidden ones we havent heard yet .
i ca n't think of any albums with this many massive artists on it .
maybe mbdtf but this list still feels bigger to me than mbdtf .
i 'm not really talking most features i 'm just talkin biggest features .
can yall think of any other albums with lots of huge names like this ?
my first primary concern is do these seedlings look good for 9 days growth ?
i 'm concerned as to whether i 've been watering them correctly i 've been using a spray bottle and saturating but not drenching the top layer making sure to avoid spraying on the leaves and stem as much as possible .
about 2-3 times per day with occasional dry periods .
also i 've heard that its bad to not cover clear cups with colored ones because the roots get hit by the light is this true ?
so like i mentioned in the first post i slept naked with my curtains open.. yesterday was very cold ..so i did n't open my windows..but it was pretty exciting ... .even though i am sure noone else saw me like that ... i just like to imagine someone or a group of people saw me like that ... i just wanted to share it here mainly bcz i have noone else to share this irl i am from a very conservative household ... but sharing it here makes me feel good
i just needed to know if there was an official practice test that consists of all the sections and can return the score i get ?
since grawlix is an uncommon word but everyone knows what it means using something like !
so in something with audio what 's it called when someone is just saying gibberish to symbolize cussing ?
this scene https youtu.be/fjnqlooruli from christmas story is what made me wonder this .
this is a game of survivor whichever song gets the most votes is eliminated .
it was a great track and it was so close but it could n't beat the opener or the single .
after this we 'll move on to side 2 then go back to red rose speedway for the first side of archive extras !
mate sorry but this is bull turd on a stick .
ee women that are intelligent and beautiful do n't want local men who for the majority have no style game or aspirations in life .
they want that special night with a mysterious man from far away .
however ee women are some of the hardest to get to know .
it 's a job interview for a job above your skill set every single day .
if you 're like me and you like to work for something amazing rather than settle for shit then it is perfect .
i do n't know which country you are from but as a brit who also speaks fluent french i have no problems anywhere i go .
i was with a girl the first girl i 've went out with as well who i thought would well be the one .
we were great for each other and went out for a long time but i was unaware that i was being manipulative and dishonest to her and she deservingly left me one day .
that may not have been where i intended to go but it was a proper wake up call for me really made a conscious effort to let go of that behaviour and i can proudly say i 've improved leaped and bounds now and this is where i needed to be
you mentioned north east and i was like do n't say consett do n't say consett academy .
so i 'm hardly using the e-pedal on the motorway .
in my mind both features combined make driving less energy sapping and safer .
i 'm fucking 25 and i still get excited over getting lego star wars stuff on christmas
i 'm trying to finish another gta music video by the end of the week for my cover of rental car by beck .
since it 's snowing in gta i had to wait for it to be snowing in detroit to get matching footage of me driving around .
hey there khaoses your post has been automatically filtered for further review for the mod team .
it does not mean your post has been removed !
we welcome discussion-promoting posts that benefit the community device reviews guides discussions and rumors and not the individual support questions rants customer service complaints selling/trading devices etc . ''
your device 's respective subreddit http www.reddit.com/r/android/wiki/subreddits or xda-developers.com http forum.xda-developers.com/compact device-specific queries .
r/android/wiki/switchingfromios if you 're an iphone user considering the switch from ios to android .
ebay http www.ebay.com swappa http www.swappa.com craigslist http www.craigslist.com or r/hardwareswap selling buying or trading devices .
additionally you might be interested in viewing our irc or telegram chat servers https www.reddit.com/r/android/wiki/index wiki_.2fr.2fandroid_chat_rooms .
feel free to message the moderators here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fandroid if you want further information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/android if you have any questions or concerns .
imagine this your first day of high school and everything is going great .
your teacher is late though but you do n't know why .
you and your new friends talk through the class period about stupid shit like ah man dude .
then suddenly a man who has a striking resemblance to william dafoe enters in with a dog tagged ‘professor 985 's assistant ' .
he walks to the middle of the class but no one bears him no mind .
suddenly you hear the biggest mind fuck of your life .
everyone in the class sits down and shuts up looking at the professor who had within 2 seconds made the entire class fall silent .
europe or most of europe does it on 24th .
unless ocon beats alonso he 's not getting near that merc seat given how loose his ties are now
i want to remain within an independent uk free to choose it 's own way in the world without foreign entanglements with the eu or the yanks or the chinese or anyone else .
neither we nor any other nation should become a star on someone else 's flag .
the history of the 20th century was the struggle for nations to achieve freedom from empires within europe and across the world and it seems mad to reverse that progress for a 3 increase in gdp and easier foreign travel .
the eu is already a mad place where the economically powerful states of france and germany can dictate terms to the smaller peripheral states like greece in 2008 where the eu literally toppled a democratically elected government .
imagine how much worse that could be if those states were subsumed within a federal system .
imagine the croats and the bosnians and serbs if they ever sort out their membership trying to organise policy together with their history .
imagine how much worse that could be with a belgian official ordering them to do so .
if you unite all of europe 's wealth and power and heaven forbid some madman takes control and decides they want to start a war with russia millions could die .
as ridiculous as this seems now in 1932 it would have seemed ridiculous that germany would start a war with the soviets .
the concetration of power should always be challenged because of the risk however small of that power being used for destructive purpose .
i do n't think much about this and i actually do n't know if i can tell how predictable others can be .
however if i pay attention and observe their behavior i would be able to see patterns and tell which actions they are most likely to do next .
people '' u know how many edgy 14yo 's play games like this d. any normal human being that has developed their brain to the necessary level to function independently aka adult would know this is neither polite nor funny .
yeah i meant more like stuff that gets deleted for copyright reasons but i could have guessed that theres barely anyone with an iq above 10 here .
i do n't think even he says it was ok ' '' .
i 'm explaining the legality of it as the reason they did it .
because otherwise there was a 14 year old with a kid that could n't legally consent to anyone .
also you 'd be surprised how many states allow this .
al assad really is just history 's 2 most based leaders put into one .
they are n't just over feeding her they 're putting her at high risk of expensive and fatal health conditions and destroying her quality of life .
it is okay to feed 4 times a day usually for cats that constantly cry by their food bowl but only if the food given is reduced so she gets no more then she would if it were 2 meals
hätte ich vlt hinzufügen sollen sorry zumal ich mich ja nicht um die postfächer kümmere bin dahe eher der 1st level support als das ich mich um ad und exchange kümmere .
als ich ankam waren alle rechner schon mit thunderbird bestückt und gelegentlich kam mal die ein oder andere person an und wollte gerne outlook ich hatte jedes mal probleme das verdammte imap konto für die einzurichten ging aber immer mit anlauf habe aber danach jeglichen support damit verweigert da wir eben imap mit einem konto haben .
unless you fail to react in 0.2 seconds which brings me back to my previous point .
it looks like you 're trying to buy an item in-game .
make sure to check out our verified sellers list here .
ensure that your post complies with r/lumbertycoon 's rules and includes what you are looking to buy and your budget .
please remember that if a seller tries to exchange items for real money or other game items not from roblox this is against roblox 's terms of service and could get you banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lumbertycoon if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've been opening the ppt slots around 3 minutes before they expire to get the incentive cash ... two have been booked and my christmas dinner starts during the second one 🙃
he 's maybe found it difficult to draw a line between seeing you as a friend and something more .
you 've obviously chosen to stay friends and that may have come easier for you than him .
atomic swap then selling btc on exchange would work for me .
i would never meet someone in person to buy or sell crypto as i would likely be robbed .
oh my gosh it seems to be amd 's drivers messing it up ⚓ t82891 eevee no longer working blender.org https developer.blender.org/t82891
eevee not working in 2.83 support technical support blender artists community https blenderartists.org/t/eevee-not-working-in-2-83/1234728
after update to 20.11.3 blender does not render ob ... amd community https community.amd.com/t5/drivers-software/after-update-to-20-11-3-blender-does-not-render-objects/td-p/427162
they wo n't have the same id i 'm sure .
the idea is that there 's no easy way other than the servers when you 're part of an exposure to get back from your id to your nric/fin .
the ids are supposed to be opaque and random '' .
so yes if you have your token and phone i 'm convinced you count as two contacts on my device .
i 'd rather them kick out anyone over level 20 and create newbie lobbies .
let you vets have much longer wait times and let the newbies have easier lobbies .
like the whole point to a battle royal is multiplayer how asshole of a move would it be to not be able to play a multiplayer br when you buy a multiplayer br .
g2 however is imo the most annoying weapon up there with the spitfire .
you can 3/2 shot from any range with a decent fire rate .
the car encourages movement does n't have as much aim assist as a lot of other weapons on console and has high damage drop off .
stop complaining and just learn how to play the game .
maybe stop crutching on the g2 for a start .
pre-everything i am enjoying padded sports bras as i have really no existing assets to enhance .
teeth are so dry she has to keep licking them .
you 've got a great looking dick and a nice body .
i hope your merch arrives as soon as possible !
i do n't think nintendo has put the digital version of breath of the wild on sale .
did people actually figure out who the author is ?
it 's strange that nobody posted that on this subreddit but it would be nice to know who it is .
someone should check if he lately put up a life insurance for his wife
the dealer at my highschool was the son of a police lieutenant .
his dad would pull over people and let them off with a warning '' while confiscating their drugs before turning around and having his son sell it .
to ensure the quality of our subreddit we enforce a 250 character minimum on all text posts .
if you are asking a simple question please post it in the weekly simple questions simple answers megathread instead .
you can usually find it stickied at the top of the subreddit or if not find it here https www.reddit.com/r/summonerschool/wiki/megathreads .
if you would like to repost your question please make sure you add basic information like the champions you play your rank and specifics about what you need help with .
remember that better questions get better answers so think hard !
please note that you will need to post an entirely new thread after automoderator removal rather than just edit this post .
attempts to bypass the character requirement may result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/summonerschool if you have any questions or concerns .
he put makeup on his dick to hide an std in order to get laid and never told the woman .
your parents house does n't sound haunted actually sounds like a mixture of electro magnetic interference primarily along with hypnogogic hallucinations made worse by the electro magnetic interference .
photo sounds like a bad exposure job done by the developer .
but the trailer house that sounds like you have something going on especially since you and your partner experienced the same thing .
i think what you 're experiencing is something still not verified by science in any way nothing more than a weak hypothesis based on my limited knowledge but i think it might be something i call a quantum echo .
essentially in a parallel universe your friends did already arrive and for whatever reason that action bled into our universe only briefly allowing people to hear what happened in that universe .
same with hearing your step son although occam 's razor would make it likely that was another hypnogogic hallucination .
but considering the prior experience it 's now possible to be something more than that as well .
i think your trailer house might be in just the right spot where quantum mechanics just happen to align the right way for the quantum echos to occur .
if you 're interested in reading more about quantum mechanics and parallel universes in an easier to understand way this link provides a good explanation and one i use to help me understand more complex subjects
it 's a funny homemade comedy sketch in its own right .
ooc trazyn steals half of it and the blood ravens the other half
i certainly got the immersive rpg experience i was looking for .
the world only started to feel slightly dead once it got to the point where i 'd done most of the jobs .
and even still there 's things out there to find and do .
i have no idea why you 'd call it an on rails shooter . ''
that 's how i tended to feel about him too .
people can say what they will about his tackle stats being deceiving and whatnot but that 's still 150 tackles he did n't miss .
people do n't have any pre immunity to covid like they do to the flu or common cold .
your body has zero antibodies to help fight the virus .
this means it has a wide variance of severity on people due to their immune response ability and other factors .
i 'd bet that you 're fat if you 're american like you seem to be which places you already in the high risk category .
even if you 're not and fully able bodied think of others who are not .
there is a problem with the economy but it existed long before this pandemic .
things have just been revealed as to how fragile they are now .
i think those knives are a war crime because the wound is so hard to care for .
they are n't really concerned about assault or harassment after all they do it all the time and even applaude men who go into women 's bathrooms to harass trans women .
they want to make it as difficult as possible for us to exist and forcing us out of as many public spaces as possible .
sars was 774 deaths globally during the entire outbreak.. that 's less than how many die in the usa from covid every day .
h1n1 is 284,000 deaths but that 's an estimated death toll that is n't confirmed by tests .
mers is only 862 deaths since june of 2012 .
now look at how much lockdown we 've down with covid-19 and even then the death toll is far far higher than even h1n1 's estimated death toll was .
comparing covid 19 to anything but the spanish flu from 1918 is moronic to the extreme .
there is a story behind of this that i do n't want to get inside of it
time to get wonky and be sent to another galaxy bud that 's the way to grind 💪 raw spirit
meh the only song on wlr ian rly like i lowkey prefer meh
right now i 'm just spending christmas somewhere else away from him .
where did i said it was a difficult job retard ?
and funny you shittalk my flair with the one you got .
it 's just his content has n't matured and neither has he really .
if he found his on lane instead of mimicking everyone else and dropped the loud over the top bravado then he 'd gain subs easily but he 's too comfortable and stuck in his own ways that 's why his still lives with his parents .
yeah he owns the house but the fact is he ca n't do anything without having help i wish him the best but he needs to expand on his own both in life and on youtube
i bought a lan adapter and only use it docked .
sure be he did lose his memory so why does he ask about a thing he ca n't remember ?
more importantly a thing the player has no idea of .
or when you sneeze and your arms hurt for some reason .
now please cry a li'l you did n't pay up .
this is my way of torturing people https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wozqmcypc8o https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wozqmcypc8o
you do realise the effects of peds are different depending which drug .
these athletes are pumping steroids and hormones into them and all other chemicals .
anyway they are a shortcut for muscle growth and perfomance .
and they will make your possible max perfomance much higher than if you didnt pump thhat stuff into your body .
you are right its no magic pill where you just become magically the best .
but no way could they ever reach the best without those drugs .
take a look at the athletes perfomance in 90s .
perfomance was through the roof and even better than todays athletes .
the complete and utter idiot that thinks spamming the novice networks on all of the aether servers with disgusting homophobic/transphobic and just down right vile spam is funny .
and the people that just say blacklist and move on on the official forums.. our blacklists would be full in under a day with how fast this guy is spamming nn leaving then showing back up on a new sprout .
the poor mentors ca n't even get to him fast enough to boot since they 've already left nn so we ca n't give him that 30min banhammer .
we 've all reported it ... and got back copy and paste replies about it .
other than that ... my npc alt a certain hyur war is levelling good !
got him his augmented af gear ... now if only the stupid atma crystals would drop so i could get him his axe ...
the only thing that saved him was rowen-gate rowen should have been cut week 2 instead of mak but was obviously kept alive for quirkiness/favoritism .
because showrunners/producers had to get rowen off the show immediately to save the season 's propriety because he was making garbage bakes this spared dave who was even worse than rowen in week 3 .
as much as it would have sucked to have rowen for 4 episodes dave should have been gone week 3 .
luckily for him he improved dramatically regarding his consistency .
most of the project here are not diy kits or are you counting arduino moduls as diy kits ?
your posting will now be reviewed by our team and if approved will make it onto our public listings .
to improve your chance of getting approved please take a moment to review the sticky https www.reddit.com/r/cursedimages/comments/cysc7w/read_this_before_posting and make sure your posting complies with all our rules !
this is an automated response and i have not removed your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cursedimages if you have any questions or concerns .
the main two numbers that describe the wheel are always diameter durometer .
most wheels will list width and some other measurements too
i mean they have n't replied yet so i guess i could do the trade with you now ?
i think you left off the fact that not only is he a good pass rusher i think he 's even better as a run defender .
moves the inside spin rush and his quickness of the ball is fucking great and on field production is incredible .
edit i swear we have the same mind in terms of edge players .
your submission has been removed due to language that indicates you are already in a committed relationship .
in this subreddit dating means you are still seeking a partner or in the very early stages of a relationship before commitment .
if you are not already in a committed relationship or are in a nonmonogamous relationship seeking additional partners please message the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdating_advice to have your submission reviewed .
if you are in a committed relationship try r/relationships or r/relationship_advice .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dating_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
did n't the drek-tra 13th great company have to go and find it for him ?
i vaguely rember a bit in one of the ragnar books where he meets wulfen and they tell hkm loads of stories about leman russ including one where he lost the spear by throwing it at something ?
the weights and outputs you referred to is allocated in each thread .
the forward propogation of fully connected layer was done with multi-thread .
assume the shape for fc layer inputs weights outputs is n in\_units in\_units out\_units n out\_units seperately and outputs inputs weights .
each thread will exacute one part of the computation .
if we set the thread number 8 then the shape of weights and outputs will be in\_units out\_units/8 and n out\_units/8 seperately .
register '' tells the compiler to keep the variable in cpu 's register not in the memory which will save the time afterward .
it 's called smart delivery ... buy on one console free on the next .
you probably could sell cold war to get the money back .
i think llama day is pretty damn good as a wr4 he looked good in the packers and broncos game so i think he has talent but i have no idea how he 'd perform in a primary role on a consistent basis
life had just begun and now i 've gone and thrown it allll awaaayyy !
that 's all i needed to read to know this guy is full of shit
jeez you and your wife must have a fun relationship
omg so cute and tiny..i would love to suck it .
and your partner has such a wicked and rich sense of humor especially to think of that in such a stressy situation ! !
i dont have depression but sometimes i tell me wife that so i can go binge futurama alone in the bedroom .
i wish this was the case but i found the moose three days before this and it was fully intact .
the coyotes and bobcat had cleaned it by this point .
yeah because daniel said miyagi do is n't just about defending yourself it 's also about defending others .
maybe it got foreshadowed i would n't be surprised if that was a foreshadow because i rewatched the entire series and found something like in season 1 when johnny said you have to unlearn to think with your hands you should use your legs and then a season later miguel got crippled and ca n't use his legs
i do n't really watch them but do use them as background noise
but disney plus is n't launched in all countries so yeah that 's probably why ... ?
make an account in a region with the currency you bought disney is my guess ... .
the day the bill being passed onto trump i thought oh man after months months of refreshing this sub every few minutes i can finally breathe.
i feel the only saving grace is that we 're all in this together .
i hate that anyone 's going through this but i 'm thankful to not be alone .
i was n't able to travel home so it 's my second straight christmas alone in a different country .
i know exactly how you feel and it sucks .
i hope you enjoy tomorrow but remember that you can leave if you do start feeling down .
i have studied world war 2 since i was 5 years old .
i majored in economics at ucla with a minor in german studies with a heavy focus on the second world war .
to call me uneducated because i want a reasonablly authentic game is completely uncalled for .
edit yes as many people have pointed out i did lie about my background in this post .
this post was an attempt to put pressure on ea and raise awareness to this issue .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gamingcirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
there not enough word to say about emma watson cuz she more the a goddess .
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
banned content the content you posted here is either against the content policy https www.redditinc.com/policies/content-policy or is on the list of banned content made by this subreddit 's moderators that is n't allowed here in some shape or form but does n't necessarily break any rules .
if you have questions or concerns please message the moderators through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmakemesuffer subject=about 20my 20removed 20submission message=i 27m 20writing 20to 20you 20about 20the 20following 20submission 20https www.reddit.com/r/makemesuffer/comments/kjh08g/an_excerpt_from_kobe_bryants_autopsy/. 20 0d 0dmy 20issue 20is ... .
i did that bounty waste all my dynamite and fire bottle and still supplies didnt even destroyed and finally timer run out .
it actually does make the meat more tender because the salt breaks down intramuscular connective tissue .
those tissues normally contract during the cooking process and force water out brining stops this from happening .
while brining does draw out some liquid most of it is reabsorbed during the brining process .
that 's why if you dry brine for say 5 hours you 'd wind up with a dry steak because the liquid has n't had a chance to reabsorb .
but just as a point of fact brining changes the cellular composition of meat and does in fact make the meat more tender .
yeah but to be honest i do love swallowing some of that sticky white cream .
put your grinder in the freezer after you grind it then grind it again after you take it out also stick a dime in the weed chamber above the screen and you 'll have beaches of magic green sand and also not have to deal with stickiness .
as for your hands just wash em thoroughly with warm water after handling bud got ta scrub a little but it 'll come off easily .
bonus is you 're washing your hands more often something we all probably need to do
it 's not even the money it 's transparency to know who your enemies are
i 'm a fa/da leaning and dating a da .
please find a way to talk to us in a kind manner .
da needs space and they need to know that they are allowed to still be them .
if you work hard your da will really come around .
you have to be willing to do so as well .
if you enter this relationship and then bone out when it gets deep you could only wound em more .
the music definitely has a cool lofi kinda sound that gives it a nice asthetic and overall vibe especially when melded with the singing that kinda reminds me of some of the punk music from the 90's.and early 2000 's .
just keep making music and evolving as an artist .
omg this is way skilled and cute and so sweet of your mom ! ! !
the 'gradient ' effect in the eyes and cheeks/blush maybe ?
do n't know why you 're downvoted i know plenty of people who think this .
why do you have your curve starting at 26°c ?
put it to 60°c starting temperature and active zero fan mode .
there is no need to get the card cooled at such low temperatures .
edit nvm after a reread you just tested the lowest temperature .
i meant to imply if i was looking at the situation myopically but by-and-large what i am saying is true .
its really noticeable when you take 70 asian restaurant orders on a day like today or christmas .
dodo wacks you in the face no braking the 4th wall ! ! ! !
i think china actually does still use a select fire version of the sks with a detachable magazine at least for training and militias
i always had my belt setup so i could grab my taser with one hand while keeping the pistol on the suspect .
once the taser is out i 'd holster the gun
1 keqing wii 3 bennetts c4 now 2 sucrose c3 now stringless refine 2 now but no fischl .
i just need one bloody fischl to get c6 but nooo .
my collection is n't as big as i 'd like but i have several of the big ones .
sonic streets of rage golden axe castle of illusion aladdin etc .
yeah i mean you should definitely read marx before deciding that another work is a deviation from marxism .
disregard saw the pic tracker on one of the pics with the info .
everyone knows you can get unlimited data with any package
i do n't know if everyone actually knows this considering a large portion of the country is new to data caps .
so do n't you think it would 've been better to mention that op likely meant that rather than just say there 's no such thing as gigabit unlimited and mention that they might be talking about 300 month gigabit pro which is highly unlikely considering they they think they got a deal and gigabit pro has a minimum of 600 worth of first month fees before the subscription cost .
you 're going to need at least a 2k gaming pc with resolume arena installed .
from there you need to attach your game source to a video capture card .
make sure to convert from hdmi to sdi and back to hdmi .
from there add the source to the comp in resolume go to advanced output and draw the most perfect polygon you 've ever drawn onto your projection surface .
or you could just plug your gaming machine directly into the projector and turn it on .
you can get like 500 of the 0305 for about 50 60 which is good for about 4-5 keyboards .
they 're just a pain in the ass to solder .
that one with the racist lunatics that was clown themed to try and evade getting banned .
according to their rule 3 post titles must be succinct 3 words or more .
i just want to buy a zune for some strange reason
our contract has baggers making 9.50 an hour and part time cashiers top out at 12.45 .
i rlly just thought they are too similar to get both
yes i did angryspaceboi was using every meme template he could find to make the b23r shitposts those days were very glorious
i would punch each and every one of these people if i would n't get arrested after .
it 's the legal fees that make me not do it .
had broccoli and baked potato to go with it .
i see it as god gave himself disadvantage on this one and ended up rolling double crits ... . and it 's like that moment at the table when everyone just sits there with that buffering cat face on processing what the actual hell just happened
get it in a 34 if you ever want to breathe again .
hi now calling astolfo astrology from now on. i 'm dad .
this is because credit is only given once per partner per thread .
if you already received credit with this user on this thread please do not message the mods asking for an exception .
only message the mods if you think this is an error .
oh yah if you 're doing all 4 cores you need to use a super if you do n't have anarchy because you would n't have enough time to get all 4 cores down timely if shooting each individually .
did you wait until the operator deposited in the terminal before fully suppressing ?
if so that 's pretty much the only way to 100 prevent the operator from getting deactivated .
but again even if deactivated if he deposited before starting damage against the boss he would have enough time for cool down to go away by the time damage ends .
also that would n't be an ideal stray if you had someone doing suppressor 100 of the time .
for instance if your operator deposits then your suppressor gets deactivated he would n't be able to deposit the suppressor augment in the terminal since the operator augment would be in there .
i 'm sorry you 're going through a rough time .
there are two things i always think about when things start to get really dark for me and maybe thinking of these will help you too !
one is that darkness does n't always have to be a bad thing .
darkness exists to allow something to shine within it .
as bad and as dark as you 're feeling and going through right now it 's just leaving more room for something brighter ahead .
also you know when you have a scrape or cut and it itches when it 's healing ?
life gets uncomfortable and itchy when you 're healing or going through something that helps you heal .
as hard as it is because that itch is so incessant and annoying it 's a sign of healing and of progress .
whatever you 're going through right now i promise there are brighter days ahead and you will make it through .
i hope you enjoy your holidays in whatever way you can !
i ca n't speak to that but hey do have english commentary now .
i know this is a joke but i legit dont put oilers flags on my car during playoffs because i dont want to get keyed lol saskatoon can be a toss up between different fandoms
so why does n't the crazy girl block the girl who 's boobs offended her so much then ?
that 's absurd that there 's little variety and not everyone lives in the city .
been a long time halo fan and i 'm still excited for new games .
if not exit again then just build more of the coaster delete back to where you were going to put the element .
if that still does n't work restart the game .
mothers do n't believe their own daughters when they say their step-father abused them .
i do n't think it 's that far fetched that people would trust an intelligent successful psychiatrist really a behavioral psychologist who they break bread with .
maybe it 's the texture as you pull the strands apart .
even though it seems to make no sound it 's like when you watch someone do nails on a chalkboard '' on tv on mute like quint 's intro in jaws '' and you reflexively cringe though there 's no sound coming out .
please do not put your onlyfans link in the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
this submission has been removed as your elaboration was less than 160 characters roughly two or three standard sized sentences .
if you wish to resubmit the post make sure you include an elaboration/explanation to your post that is has more content .
please read rule 2 and the rest of them while you 're at it .
note that reddit 's character count is unreliable as they count spaces whereas i 'm programmed to not count spaces and there 's nothing the mods can do about it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unpopularopinion if you have any questions or concerns .
posted it to my profile i'mma delete it soon because i do n't want that kind of shit to stay in there but you can see it
how tf are her boobs and ass cheeks both visible .
honestly i do n't think the electric toothbrush is an improvement my guess is that it does more harm than good by applying too much force to the teeth and weakening enamel .
very cute i could make u sweat some more baby ... . d
you sound like the type of guy i 'd never let to let play at a lgs you can compliment people without dragging others down .
do n't add another tang with the same body shape after one tang has established
tommy gets more subs than techno per day unless techno streams .
the only way for techno to stay ahead is to stream every day and that 's not realistic .
so yeah probably a few weeks to a couple months and tommy will overtake him
yup but 17 years ago for me in my ‘luxury ' apartment in south florida .
i 'd do some research into the different sectors and determine if any of it strikes your interest .
poor guy yesterday dec 23rd was the day he cut off his ear .
it 's a 2004 mazdaspeed miata lightly modified with a larger turbo and intercooler and after a 950lb diet beneath stock weight .
i will have to try that sounds like a good option for me .
i can retract and feel my back pulling the weight until it does n't anymore until it 's just in my arms .
sorry i forgot to mention i do yates rows .
i have a toddler at home too it is hard but not impossible .
still studying still hoping to pass my next exam just set your eye on the prize !
let me know if you want to be study buddies 😊
my parents showed me all 3 movies vegas vacation was n't out yet when i was way too young .
christmas vacation is amazing but the original vacation is a classic so many amazing quotes in it .
one thing i did n't realize is how many great and well known people are in these movies .
eugene levy john candy jack randolph eg marshall doris roberts julia louis dreyfuss brian doyle murray randy quiad johnny galecki juliette lewis anthony michael hall .
also 3 of the 4 were written by john hughes and the first was directed by harold ramis .
i will always love all 4 even though vegas is n't as great but i still have nostalgia for it .
it 's worth the difference in handling especially in our hills and twisty roads in the bay .
fun fact this is called the last thursday '' theory .
it 's based around the belief that the world was created last thursday and that evolution is a lie .
animals started the way they are now and their past iterations are n't real dinosaurs never existed and that they started as fossils and are still fossils our memories are just instinct and not real etc .
i know the immediate path ahead of me brings nothing but suffering but i know things get worse before they get better .
hoping for the strength to make it through the tough times ahead .
did you use the m5 lsd and subframe too ?
definitely agree on npa for the reasons you 've listed plus it 's space .
i 'd be willing to bet i 've spent more than 300 hours on it over the last 7 years .
cause that 's how you get asked to get married
acho que ele provavelmente nem fazia ideia do que você tava passando e só analisou o externo mesmo .
and i 'm not even talking about the constant filters on herself but the filters for literally everything .
why is there a filter over a cup of coffee ?
how can you get a good idea of a product if it 's mucky brown with black crackles all over .
and why the black crackle filter all the time ?
i 'm charlier kelly trying to figure out who pepe sylvia is except with filters and ms .
i agreed right up until you said everyone was nice and empathetic .
once you 've been here a while more you definitely find the assholes of which there are many and it 's not gon na be a very good day .
world race circuits sells something very similar though not that large .
i still have the shifter to install and mount that i bought simultaneously and have yet to try so hoping that is n't bad either .
remember that stranger interaction with the dude at the campfire who is planning to assault her ?
q of blitzcrank is too strong and you ca n't touch it .
toyoda claims evs are n't realistic and are overhyped and now they are touting that they 're working on ssbs ?
i do n't see it as a threat to tesla whatsoever .
by the time they actually start producing these supposed ssbs and the facilities needed for large-scale production tesla will be an order of magnitude further ahead than they already are .
thank you for help keeping our community tidy your post has been marked as solved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cheatatmathhomework if you have any questions or concerns .
i pictured the principal from 10 things i hate about you writing that .
i remember reading about it in the school textbook and thinking washington was a dick
the whole point of the ambush is to put the melta guns in range they do a ton of damage to anything beefy ie elite infantry like space marines tanks etc .
you have to deploy the ambushing units more than 9 '' away from all enemy models which means you 're outside half range for the melta guns and will do less damage than plasma .
also remember that you can not disembark on the turn you deploy the ambush unit s .
did you try putting it on the mouse skills available to the right of the displayed potions on the skill bars ?
there 's a l and a r skill block l is most likely the sword icon which represents generic attack
he made a joke about dreams luck but thats all i 've heard
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo
i 've stayed and 99/100 times i end up wasting my time and dying .
i play pubs to fuck around i could care less about actually winning
clearly you do n't really know how the algo works .
the recommendations being good for yourself in that precise moment do not exclude them being toxic in the long term .
have you got a link to the watch face ?
i have facer but i could n't find it .
i could one called minimal h/v but they look slightly different .
ok not to get ahead of myself but i think i actually came up with a pretty damn cool premise for a book today .
dem titties are fake as hell and must hurt equally so
that is what dl1 usually means drop lowest 1 ''
so you roll 4d6s and drop the lowest number of those you roll .
so if you roll a d6 and get 1 5 4 and 6 you drop the 1 and end up with 15 as the statistic .
so john rolls a 15 and that is his number for the party .
gaslighting '' as far as i can tell it just basically means that somebody just said something which is bullshit .
the definition gets a little more specific but the word still does n't seem necessary to me .
i have n't seen my grandma in a year .
the last time was christmas 2019 then it was supposed to be march but covid hit and i have n't been able to see her in person since .
her dementia has gotten worse but today was a really good day for her and the rest of our family .
my dad went to go visit her at her house today for christmas with his girlfriend my uncle her caretaker and my aunt her husband .
we chatted about the weather and what she had hanging on her tree then i asked her if she got the gift i sent with dad .
she opened the card where i had taped a photo of me and my cat inside and i said merry christmas grandma ! ''
after that i spoke to my aunt and uncles and my dad then i asked for the phone to be passed back to grandma so i could say goodbye .
i am so glad i did because her parting message was '' it is so nice to hear you call me grandma .
do n't ever think that i would forget you .
my dad texted me that everyone was crying in the living room .
that was the greatest christmas gift she could have ever given me .
i hope you and your family have a moment of reprieve from this awful disease this holiday season like we did .
the procedure was incredibly painful and i was in a lot of pain that day .
after that day the pain got better and i bled and had cramps for a few weeks after that .
i finally stopped bleeding enough to have sex with my boyfriend and then the day after sex i bled again .
it stopped we had sex again and then again i started bleeding again .
we had sex wednesday night and i 've again started spotting again and today i 'm having some pretty intense cramping in my right leg and back .
i 'm not sure if this is normal stuff while my iud settles .
prior to my iud i was on the pill for a looooong time .
i go for my first post iud insertion check on february 1st but not sure if i should be concerned about the cramps and bleeding .
i know people can sometimes bleed for a few months after the insertion but the fact that it 's happening right after sex makes me wonder if i need to be concerned .
google does n't really help so thanks for any help !
why do the lakers always have all the best players that the game of basketball has to offer ?
from mican to wilt baylor and jerry to kareem to magic and worthy to kobe and shaq to gasol to lebron and ad ...
i do not hate any of the players at all i am just salty about the team i do n't even want to mention all the one sided ref calls sacramento and all that is just people hate the warriors for making the nba not fun i 'd agree but they always fail to mention that at the end of the day all the good free agents will come to la to join the lakers .
this might not be the place for this but i just had to get this off of my chest .
what does the team powerful opponent '' lack that prevents them from being a top tier team in the meta ?
or even being a tier 1 team on the level of future fusion etc ?
i only see posts about how bad cyberpunk is on ps4 .
i just got a ps5 for christmas is cyberpunk functional on ps5 or does it have the same problems ?
sorry if this has been answered somewhere i could n't find anything
if im at 6k arena points in champs will i vs other champs players no matter their points or will i vs players near my points .
if i go into a game will i vs players with 10-30k arena points or people around 4-8 ?
me and my gf just cuddled for 3 hrs watching haikyuu and like
she whispered in my ear can i sit in your lap ''
being the horny mf teen i am i said yes
hello i 've noticed that on big sur often around the time that i 'm connecting to a bluetooth device that the audio balance which can be found through system preferences sound output tends to switch to the left side .
this is especially problematic with music from the 60s where sound engineers often direct lower pitched and higher pitched sounds to different channels l r and therefore only higher pitched/lower pitched noises are heard .
seriously i ask myself this everyday and i have no idea if i 'm skinny or fat or in between i seriously ca n't figure out if i am skinny or not
i just want to know what sort of goalposts or indicators you use to know whether you 're skinny or not
probably really out there i know but i have quite an obsession with an idea of a normal person in your life being turned into a nice delicious treat only to be taken advantage of by some guy .
and the final touch is for some cream filling .
what better way to cream fill me then to stick your dick in me and pump me up nice and full right ?
or maybe i was at a party and they decide the pizza guy is taking too long .
unfortunately for me i pick the short straw and end up being turned into the pizza being eaten by a bunch of frat bros all at once !
or maybe just as simple as a guy getting sick of me and turning me into a nice burger so he can eat me and shut me up while he goes back to whatever he was doing .
its really out there and the possibilities are endless so let me know if this is something that interests you !
its obviously more vore themed you could say and so all the usual applies such as digestion and scat as being favorite kinks of mine .
the type of character i play as well does n't matter since ill just end up food anyways !
so please hit me up if this made your dick twitch at all i feel like there has to be some people into this right ?
existence is just perpetual suffering over and over people die and get born ever going without an end .
sometimes people are born with what most people call illnesses but that is just the old ones the ones who have been here with us for the longest .
most could not cope most just shut off all external functions and entered limbo but they are the lucky ones .
some a very few unlucky souls were strong enough to live with the knowladge of the truth of the world .
that there is no end no sweet realese from the damnation that is life that you will live on and on again untill one day when you are older than the montains are today you just quits trying to find meaning .
meaning is one of the pitfall the cruel gods of this forsaken world designed to give you hope only to take it away again and again .
but in a few rare occasions a soul has been seen disapear through cracks in the space between lifes cracks that are so smal that only the trully deseoerate would try them .
some think that this is the way to paradise but i know better it 's just another trick that the world has played at us .
the cracks lead to a big expansive nothingness where you can float around forever and not find an end .
does anyone know for certain what the current cert test is for this class ?
i just received darryl gibson 's sec book for sy0-501 for christmas and i know 601 is now available as well .
my mentor scheduled me for this class in the spring closer to when the 501 is expiring .
has anyone who is about to take or recently completed know for certain ?
trying to see if i need to return this book now or try to get this class scheduled in sooner if there is a specific time for them to present the 601 .
for the bots 34 female california with average weight zero drugs or prescribed medication and no significant medical history except the following i was exposed to covid on 11/15 .
i got symptoms and have quarantined since and my fever broke 12/22 .
i still have not been out of my house or do i intend to until 12/30 just to be ultra careful .
my fever became low grade two days ago i think it 's only low grade because i have a bad infection on my leg .
i first off thank all medical professionals for their work .
i 'm so sorry i even have to bother you with this question .
i have a history of cellulitis especially when my immune system gets low .
during my covid infection i developed a patch of what i believe of cellulitis or a staph infection on my leg .
it 's so painful i ca n't sit down and is about the size of a quarter dollar of 4 cm in diameter .
i absolutely know i need antibiotics it 's one of the worst most painful outbreaks i 've had i really need antibiotics but in california the er wait is over 24 hours and i gave up after calling 20 local clinics nobody will see me to prescribe because i recently was positive for covid .
so what is my best home treatment until enough time passes so i 'm not a danger to others ?
i do n't want to bog down the er and waiting 24 hours to get seen will really not be good for me because i think my immune system is super weak from exposure .
i just really need antibiotics and nobody can or will see me without a full day and night in the waiting room and i know this is n't that serious but it hurts so so bad i really need to know what i need to do at home treatment outside of the obvious .
please help me the infection is causing a low grade fever which bans me from clean clinics .
i really do n't know what to do here .
spent a few years now trying to find someone to dedicate myself to and sick of fucking around looking for the right person to actually dedicate my waking hours and my salary to everything basically pls thx and hopefully more xx jamesc01998 kik
the anycubic software v 2.1.20 and 2.1.24 i 'm running on my mac has been overloading my computer 's cpu and the computer restarts .
i 've tried using other programs with mixed results and emailed the anycubic support team for assistance .
i do n't see them getting back to me soon due to the holidays .
but from this i 've learned that the cuts slicer only works for sla printers prism and anycubic software are n't made for mac 's
i 've gotten through chapter 42 of row and it 's honestly been a struggle .
i understand try/fail cycles in writing but this has been 42 chapters of constant unending failure .
the only bright spots have been the few scenes of world building/cosmere connections .
i feel a bit like kaladin it takes me days after listening to get the strength to listen again and it 's always just so depressing .
i do n't want spoilers but ... does it get better ?
this is the first sanderson book i 've ever actually considered not finishing which is really distressing .
i am a college student who does occasional freelance work for textbroker .
my textbroker account is linked to my payoneer account .
i recently checked and saw that i have still not received my payment .
who do i got to to get my money ?
and i just remember a guy saying something along the lines of do or die never cry.
then launching a motorcycle along the side of a building .
it looked kind of retro maybe late 80 's or from the 90 's i know i watched it around 2003-2004
so i 'm trying to get back into writing after a few years of stagnation .
so it 's hard to make something original with how much media surrounds these types of characters .
i want the vampires to be able to be active during the daylight using the 'daylight ring ' trope that 's been seen in vampire diaries does anyone know if that 's solely from vd ?
if i use it does it feel like a stolen idea ?
i would make them general jewelry rings necklaces earrings ect .
and it would n't just be enchanted lapis lazuli .
if i ca n't find a way to make it more original instead of pulling from other media i 'll just have the vampires take night classes to avoid the daylight .
my weakest corner is 89 revis my qb is 92 vick and i have 2 90 og and i plan on getting allen .
in want kam chancellor but ik he is not what i need .
then i have the 99 yeti center which pouncey could be a good replacement for i 'm not looking for any dts rn and i have the 91 version of the punter .
i have a complete reviewing core in metcalf harrison and moss .
my rbs are eddie george and jim brown and my de 's are fairly good .
so players like mclaurin and johnson do n't catch my attention .
the kittle also does n't catch my eye because i recently got shockey .
so all in all i need to know who i go for
i grew up buying/collecting lego sets in the 90s .
back in the days there were maybe less than 1/10th of types of blocks available .
kids were required to use more imagination to utilize these generic pieces to put together certain accessories within a set .
for example antennas on a space ship we had to use a bar with discs and several others combined with color circles for lights etc.. now they just throw you a piece that looks like an antenna ...
in other words most parts used to serve multi functional uses whereas lotta parts today are very singular in usage .
buying legos for my kids now days there are way too many item specific parts that are already made to be what they are .
the number of different parts are overwhelming to a point that it 's gotten so much more difficult to plan out what to make and kids have no control with just slapping on different random parts to make stuff .
i would argue it does n't feel like christmas for most people .
can we invite lightness into the world through our dialogue ?
or maybe it 'll fizzle like my distaste for carbonated beverages .
if you see something in my words here or my previous words send me a message .
hey i just started playing fifa 21 and do you have any suggestions for some good budget prem players ?
i wasnt expecting this much people to join ill spin the wheel tommorow !
does anyone know how to play a ps4 on a laptop ?
i tried plugging the hdmi cable from the console into the laptop but could n't get anything .
i also installed the official sony remote play program and while i was able to get the ps4 screen on my laptop it would n't register my wired ps4 controller probably because it 's a third-p arty controller .
is there another program i can use on my laptop that does allow third-party controllers ?
so 4 has pretty good gunplay ... .it just fails as an rpg .
are there any mods that can bring back the rpg elements or is 4 too far gone ?
my tv is about 12 feet from my couch .
in the interest of not rearranging my living room or bringing in a chair to game i was going to get an extension cable for the usb side .
my first thought was a 3.5 jack extender but the little control unit is on the wrong for that side so an extension there would put the controls out of my reach .
are all usb extension cords created equal when we 're talking a distance of less than 10 feet or do i need a special one to keep the connectivity and sound quality the same ?
i watch toot https www.youtube.com/channel/uca4trwbemjhxoofc8ho6vja from time to time .
they aim at introducing their viewers to afghan food street food and more traditional food traditions lifestyle etc .
most of their content are in farsi well dari but you know what i mean .
content in farsi i do n't mind other local languages from time to time but no english
in iran therefore بلور بنفش the bbc persian program is no good .
not something that deals with social or political issues .
i 'm wondering if all the pills in the packet act the same
notable gameplay mechanics it had a one screen minigame where you are in a kart and picking up bananas
other details i think it had 2 others minigames with it but i 'm not sure
greetings i 'm still learning 3d modeling on maya do u guys recommend to buy the book to help me when i need to search for something or as a reference or it 's just waist of money and if not do u recommend another books ?
listed in order of release imagine you could only have one of these packs which would yall select ?
to explain i think my dad is unintentionally emotionally neglective but i feel bad for holding any grudges against him because he still is nice to my sister and i .
lem me try to explain what he has done from what i remember so you can kind of get the picture
if i ever started crying because of him he has a naturally threatening '' tone of voice he just said knock it off '' you have no reason to cry '' stop crying '' etc .
there were a few times where if it was serious he would comfort me but if it was ever just him being stern with me meaning if he was just scolding me or smth he would n't try to reassure or comfort me .
that caused my emotions to be all fucked and now i ca n't open up to anyone seriously .
also whenever i tear up in front of other people in my mind i 'll be repeating the words do n't cry you sensitive bitch you have no reason to damnit '' and i do n't think that 's like normal
he yells at us for making minor mistakes like if we ca n't find something he wants us to find or if we drop something .
and most of the time if he does n't yell at us he 'll always point it out someway .
if i make a mistake he 'll just say really ? ''
in a joking way and that 's probably just me being sensitive but it 's gotten to the point where i will expect anger or judgement if i make a mistake in front of other people and i get mad at myself for making mistakes in private .
i told him a couple weeks ago that i had like 4 nightmares in a row and he brought up the point that it could be because i was stressed and then said well no because you have no reason to be stressed '' or something like that .
look and he told me to not give him that look and justified that by saying that he was a kid and he knows what it 's like to go to school and stuff like that and how the grade i 'm in is n't even that stressful .
we 're literally in the middle of a fucking pandemic and we are witnessing multiple genocides happening all over the world and on top of that we have family issues we have to deal with of course i 'm going to be fucking stressed .
my sister told him she may have a.d.d twice and no it 's not just that she ca n't focus '' she has shown symptoms of rsd lack of object permanence lack of motivation etc .
the first time he went on about how a.d.d was made as a label for kids that could n't be controlled by their parents and the second time he just said that 's not an excuse to not do your school work '' i thought the same when i was a kid you just ca n't focus '' and shit like that .
granted her grades are n't good at all but she was n't even using it as an excuse .
she 's also in her second year of high school and she 's dealing with personal issues as well so waefhbaf
i told him i may have a severe social anxiety disorder s.a.d and he told me that i fit none of the symptoms and that i was just shy .
he then said that people with s.a.d and i quote act out in public hurt themselves and do things for attention . ''
i do n't doubt that there are probably people out there that do those things because of s.a.d but the way he said it definitely made it seem like everyone with s.a.d does that which is false .
i told him self-isolation is a part of s.a.d which is something i do and i brought it up since he always is talking about how we never go outside or leave or room and apparently because i share a room with my sister at his house and willingly go see my dog at my mom 's house i 'm not self-isolating .
granted i do willingly go out to see my mom and sister occasionally if i am on the way to see my dog but even if i did n't do that and just saw my dog i 'd like to think that 's still self-isolation since she 's a dog
i told him that i could bring up symptoms of s.a.d online but he told me no and how he studies s.a.d in his psychology class and that i again do n't fit any symptoms .
he is n't even majoring in fucking psychology and he 's been taking that class for four months .
apparently when my sister asked my dad to stop smoking and when she tried to explain why he should n't he got mad .
we asked him to stop like 2-3 years ago and he still does it .
i understand it 's an addiction and it 's really difficult to stop i just wish that he did n't get mad at my sister for trying to explain why it 's bad to smoke
i basically have been taught to tolerate yelling and justify people hurting me and somehow put the blame on myself .
i think i got that because of him but at this point i really do n't fucking know
i 'm not gon na get into this reason too much but i 'm a girl i do n't wear bras at home because they 're uncomfortable and i never go out in public anyways but he wants my sister and i to wear bras at home unless we 're going to sleep and i 'm now self-conscious of my own body around him yuh
basically cares more about our success and our grades than our mental health
i know it may not seem like it but he still is a good dad .
he provides for us physically and he obviously makes an effort to make us happy .
that 's why i feel so bad for holding a grudge against him and i would confront him about it but i already have tried to twice and he does n't understand how he 's been damaging my sister and i emotionally .
luckily due to other family issues my mom is trying to gain primary custody of my sister and i so that 's nice .
i 'm really sorry this is probably a mess haha
my life is just in fucking shambles right now and i 'm not quite sure who to tell so yeah .
my apologies for any mistakes in this and if there is any cws or tws you want me to add please let me know and i will do so .
well technically 35lbs to be 10 lbs under max weight .
anyway i 'm 6ft3in and started at 298 in august .
my recruiter said i could take the asvab at 230 .
is the 39 inch waist requirement still in effect ?
i 'm currently at 45.5 inches with an 18 inch neck .
but if there are a infinite amount of possible aus does that mean that there 's a possibility for a !
like was underswap the first au or was it invertedfate .
i was around with undertale came out and have always been aware of aus .
from the dystopian ads to the holographic for sale signs and the way everyone uses the motion sensitive devices it 's great i love it that 's all .
edit my bad got taken in by a copycat video guess i was n't paying too close attention on xmas .
i 'll do an update when the actual list is released
so i 'll revised my post below to reflect the fact that it was tb world 's list .
so mandopop fans may not be as aware of the tc candler most beautiful faces list but they put out an annual list of who their panel of experts '' have decided are on the list for 2020 .
because of its renown it has gained a couple of copycats .
last week tb world posted their list of most beautiful women .
similarly to tc candler 's list more than 1/5th of the list consists of kpop idols .
but i thought it worth noting that this year the9 actually made it onto this list twice .
skype mail net is one of the best-known for customer service care on 1800 1888 email tech support phone number .
call to contact 800 telephone help desk helpline center representative for mail webmail technical live chat usa canada for forgot password recovery reset 24x7 hours .
and best-known email service providers today and people have been very reliant on it .
recently this email service was taken over by at t. if you need to sign in to your skype mail account or have forgotten your password you must visit the official website of at t .
in some cases you can call our skype mail email support phone number to recover your skype mail email account also .
have you ever experienced a situation where your account was hacked and you no longer have access to it ?
it happens that one person owns many online accounts on different websites and many of us have the same passwords so we can not forget them .
for the hackers however it becomes easier to guess these passwords .
however hacking is not the only reason for losing access to your account .
it happens that you have forgotten the password or you want to change it for security other email providers skype mail provides a simple process for resetting or changing the password .
here are some steps and instructions that may help you access your account again .
you can also contact the skype mail email support number where the technical experts are available .
customer services are available 24/7 and you can call it anytime .
steps to recover the skype mail account are by answering security questions
· you need to go to at t 's official website and go directly to the password recovery page .
· then you need to search for a checkbox named password '' .
you must enter your registered email address and then enter your name .
· in the restore section you need to choose the i 'll answer my security question '' option .
· if your data matches the previously mentioned data you can create a new password .
· enter a strong password and you will be notified with a password reset confirmation .
· you will also need to visit the official site of at t and complete the second step described above .
· in the password recovery option you must select send me a temporary password '' .
· you will be prompted for an alternative email id that you can access .
after you enter the email id proceed as you type .
· you must enter the temporary password you received in the required field .
· since the temporary password remains valid for a short period of time you must change the password as soon as you log in .
you can change the password if you remember the following points
· first you have to go to the official website of at t and to the login page .
· enter your email address and password in the required field .
· then you have to go to the account settings and then change the password .
· when you get there enter the password you remember and create a new one .
major services of skype mail this world 's largest telecommunications company offers numerous great services some of which are highlighted below
equipment instalment programs allowing users to upgrade their handset to a greater version .
enabling database applications e-mail order entry systems employees directories and human resources transactions
intrastate interstate and international wholesale networking capacity to other service providers
allows unused data plans to be rolled over to the next month
and other lots of great services offered by its various services .
skype mail is one of the best-known for customer service care on 1800 1888 email tech support phone number .
call to contact 800 telephone help desk helpline center representative for mail webmail technical live chat usa canada for forgot password recovery reset 24x7 hours .
now if you are interested in utilizing any of the skype mail goods and services stated above you will need to get more details of its products through the skype mail customer service agents or or are you a customer already with some issues regarding making payments usage checking getting your balance upgrading your wireless devices or having any other queries complaints and suggestions ?
then you will have to make use of our listed contacts details of the skype mail customer service support .
look through carefully so that you will know which of the right number to call for your specific requirement
for the past 2/3 months i 'm trying to use the the app normally but for some reason someone that that did n't know how to make a decent looking website/app decide that every 1 video there would be 4/5 community post .
the biggest problem is that the videos that show up on the recommended page are always videos that i 've already seen and the community post are from channels that i did n't even know of the existence .
is there a way to turn these community posts off so i can use youtube normally ?
i searched a lot and did n't find the answer .
btw sorry if i misspelled something my english is not that good and i 'm really tired..
been playing around with the jf 17 in the free to play event .
having a blast learning this little plane but one thing i have run into is when trying to operate the wmd pod i dont understand how to choose which mfd controls the pod .
when i select it on the right mfd and try and slew it nothing happens but if i have the pod selected on central mfd when i slew it will move the camera .
how to get the camera of the pod to move visibly on the left mfd ?
first of all i like the idea behind the machine uprising and uprisings in general and i think the game should have more of them however !
1 if you are playing an empire that ca n't or wo n't give full rights and the uprising chain starts .
you have no recourse beyond purging what may very well be nearly half of your pops .
with no opportunity for intervention and no way to predict where it will happen .
3 the uprising is not tied to the location ratio or number of synthetic pops .
4 the uprising forms a non-viable empire and destroys everything .
the cleanup '' can be harder than the uprising itself .
my solution change the way the uprising itself happens .
as it stands you just suddently see some of your systems change color and they are now no longer yours .
fleets and armies appear out of nowhere and you are immidiatly at war .
how i think it should happen each synthetic pop can do a certain amount of work '' towards the uprising .
this amount is based on the happiness of the pop .
each army and ship costs the uprisng a certain amount of work . ''
this process has the potential to create anomalies that can be investigated to help uncover the plot anomalies are underused mid-late game .
when the uprising has decided that it has enough ships and armies to be equivalent the uprising event hapens .
rather than having a bunch of worlds just get handed over the uprising spawns its armies on the planets that it wants to take .
it has the limitation of only being able to spawn armies on a given planet equal to the number of synth pops on that planet that are participating in the uprising .
if a synth is working an enforcer or solder job those armies defect .
upon succesfuly capturing a planet the uprising empire is formed .
the point of the uprising is that synths are people that have happiness and consumer good upkeep and yet they become gestalt mes that have neither ?
the emnpire that forms has the following criteria not spiritualist strong bias towards materialist bias towards egalitarian bias towards opposing ethics of the spawning empire can not be hive mind the ruler is a synth .
other than that the empire is formed from random ethics and civics .
to be clear a gestalt empire can form it is just unlikely
type in dream as the seed for your next world on minecraft pocket edition
i want to remove my scar and fix it again including the skin on my frenulum ' idk if the frenulum'include by removing skin ?
villa 's last few games have been against teams lower down the table or struggling who respect villa 's counter-attack enough to sit back and not leave themselves exposed .
chelsea and man united would trust their quality to beat villa despite pouring numbers forward and leaving themselves vulnerable to the counter-attack .
if you take villa 's match against liverpool as the archetype of what they can be at their best you see how they can beat teams who pour numbers forward and how grealish and watkins generate chances on the counter .
with palace 's man advantage and chasing the game you saw that again .
xhaka literally looks better because there is actually movement and options for him to pass to .
he is still vulnerable just he does n't have to predictably go side to side or back all the time .
tierney is absolutely dusting pulisic down that left hand side
in it on it shit give that pussy whatever it needs
puli on the left cho and havertz sharing 90 between them in the right
i was more checking to see if that was a reasonable understanding of intimacy .
iike your answer but could see how if i did n't explain intimacy maybe somebody would assume it to be more specific .
ca n't pass sl 20 all tix with 6 gear and energy artifact phenix drake wolf and dear completed horus with legendary skin
the barrier for entry for m is way higher for tanks than for heal/dps .
i like to tank and heal m they 're both difficult and demanding but i definitely would n't say entry-level tanking has a way higher barrier than healing .
the reason i prefer healing over tanking is i 'm not a fan of the eventuality of having to kite as a tank which is the opposite of the playstyle of tank that i enjoy .
if you believe this is a mistake please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fhardwareswap .
you should be willing to accept your beliefs are inaccurate and your googling research of a bloomberg article is seriously naive .
you ca n't just google something quickly and get the right answer all the time .
especially when you have no idea what you 're speaking on .
i 'm a doctor that used to run these studies .
and even am able to admit that i know nothing when it comes to people breaking down the doors like robin feldman that i linked .
so when i see people like you claiming to be experts it 's just laughable .
the food and drug administration approved vioxx in may 1999 .
just one year later the vigor study revealed a fivefold increase in heart attacks and strokes among individuals taking the drug .
despite these data merck 's salespeople were instructed to keep selling the drug and deflect questions about adverse events .
the company doubled down on marketing spending more to advertise vioxx than pepsi nike and budweiser spent on their products combined .
by the time vioxx was withdrawn from the market in 2004 100 million prescriptions had been filled for it representing 1.5 billion in sales and an estimated 88,000 to 139,000 heart attacks associated with its use .
it 's not as if this is even a rare case .
as noted in two major reports of deficits in the fda 's capacity for postmarketing safety surveillance,29,30 ongoing assessments of drug risk are not conducted systematically .
as a result if a safety problem is not detected during the initial preapproval evaluation it may not be fully defined or included as a prominent warning for years afterward as occurred with the risks of potentially fatal drug–drug interactions with mibefradil posicor roche and terfenadine seldane hoechst marion roussel myocardial infarction or stroke with rofecoxib vioxx hepatotoxicity with troglitazone rezulin warner-lambert and rhabdomyolysis with cerivastatin baycol bayer ag .
how did werner score 30 goals in the bundesliga ?
everytime he touches the ball more than once or twice he ends up losing it lol
i used nzxt for my previous build and selected this because of the usb c header .
yay fresh from the shower and dirty from the thoughts
i 've been playing star wars jedi fallen order .
did guys see that arteta banner with him holding the trophy ? ?
i mean she still might not be asexual and if she is it 's still not up to you to decide it 's her sexuality .
i 'd still have her read it–it sheds a lot of light about sexuality specifically about women .
my employee lives with her father who tested positive for covid right around thanksgiving .
my employee then tested positive as well the first week of december .
she is much better now and wishes to return to work so i asked her to get tested which she did and it came back negative .
her father however went to get tested as well but the test is still coming back positive even though he has no symptoms .
is it safe for her to return to work even though she is healthy and negative but her father who she lives with isnt ?
besides for the part about auditioning other people which is just ridiculous her views sound like that of a very old fashioned indian .
so she 's expecting you to drop everything and follow her ?
my partner and i did long distance for 4 months it was n't easy but we made it work despite being on different continents .
just speaking from someone who gave up her dream uni for a guy that did n't work out it was n't worth the sacrifice .
i dont think i need to convince anyone how shitty republicans are .
ppl have this illusion that democrats are our friends but they arent .
ive been on reddit for years just made a newer account recently .
and what does being a self-declared commie '' have anything to do with it ?
if you have n't blown your next 6 months of rent money on tsla calls are you really even living ?
the storylines are pretty good and the quality is what you would expect from vrbangers .
if you have quest 2 you might have issues running it .
we can do that by speaking out big-time just like we did with the local elections last year !
nice one ! do n't understand people who try to get paid for sex on grindr while there are so many people on there doing it for freeespecially when you do n't promote it on your profile and have no godly body he seems to have no pics i mean that you could ask money .
that is completely empty large bowel from.a double contrast study .
they even probably had to take laxatives beforehand to completely empty the bowel .
but you wo n't know til it 's blastoff in eight 8 strokes .
just ask for a refund and open a new line with a physical sim .
i know this is a meme but damn is it starting to get on my nerves .
it 'll make newbies think it 's actually hard but it 's not 2005 anymore .
i use my stash for any cool looking gun have n't hit the stash limit if there is one so i 'd reckon the stashes have infinite space .
not sure tho do n't quote me on that .
the best part is that i can go upgrade the weak ass iconics i found early on .
it 'd be really easy for frank to be given some advanced tech by someone that allows him to steal the armor then have him be manipulated into stealing it and using it to go on a rampage that distracta the heroes from whatever the villain is trying to accomplish .
we should try our best to surround the jays with as much talent as possible because we never know what year is truly best to compete .
reverend lo hing-choi the chairman of the baptist convention of hong kong released an article titled light will shine in dark '' on christmaseve2020 .
lo reread the book of isaiah from the old testament which recounted how the kingdom of judah fell into the hands of the assyrian empire .
lo wrote we resonate with the jew who were controlled by foreigners .
living in your own land but following the orders of foreigners is hard to accept . ''
despite the jews at that time had lived in darkness god 's promise is not an anesthetic but a motivation to drive history forward . ''
today many people are surrounded by darkness but lo wanted to tell those in darkness that light will shine in dark and god will not let darkness take control forever '' .
you need to do probably a couple years worth of research also r/steroids .
maybe get back to us when you fuck up and need trt .
im hoping to ask out this nice waitress at work
i was really hoping for him to literally erase killer queen
if your interested there are apps that let you listen to police chatter .
most of the time it 's super boring but sometimes you hear some cool stuff .
idk it 's a pretty common ‘look ' for a few years now .
radial i think is more common so you can switch onto different butts without issue .
i have a revo 12.4 with radial so i can only comment on radial so i would vote radial .
who is james and why did he feel the need to shit in the water tank
the things that happen when men are drinking and bored..
ah looks like my etb except i got a snorlax
and that does n't even have stuff like chris mathews comparing sanders ' win to nazi germany or the execution in central park thing .
i do n't care about the left-right spectrum of specifically the united states .
liberals are right wing conservatives are right wing liberals are just less right wing .
msnbc is definitely a liberal news outlet and i hope people replying would agree .
lets also not forget that msnbc is owned by comcast one of the largest companies in the us .
to actually consider something owned by a company that big to be left wing just does n't make sense .
also i do n't have a ps3 anymore so i have to wait for a ps5 to get the des plat .
i 've been wanting to replay sekiro so badly lately but my computer is packed away while i move .
she 's harming people by standing on her own with a mask ?
i 'm guessing ... were left in northern south vietnam during the late 60 's early 70 's .
some of the leftover ammo from that war was then sold and made its way to the middle east just in time for the next hott trendy conflict .
occasionally one of these will go off in the hands of some radical over there .
would have to be using some way old re-discovered ammo ...
this is n't something we need to worry about ever unless your source for ammo is isis but then you 'd have more to worry about than a 1 in a million hot round .
hope you had a lovely xmas if you celebrate !
it 's been a minute since my last update just been crazy busy !
started a new job just before thanksgiving and still working on getting in the groove .
finished my first semester of grad school and got all as ! !
i get my first breather in a long while next week and with the ramp up of vaccine availability i find some tightly coiled anxiety finally releasing .
i 've been gravitating slowly back to keto but been on the precipice of taking the plunge .
i think i 'm just pausing at the idea of getting back into paying attention to the numbers instead of just going 'ehhh it 's probably fine ' lol
if its a blower motor you can do it yourself .
now here 's the thing can you get the part ?
but you 've also just voided any warranty and have no warranty on one of the biggest things you need in the house .
if youre confident go for it if your having doubts just call someone .
look around for reviews and such and pick a well liked and local business read the reviews carefully .
or they are awesome maybe look a bit harder .
do you worry about the peeing on the sites ?
i 'd say it 's because many people see that a few people take comfort in pain and feel that it 's trendy to act depressed and self-pitiful .
i saw them but according to their website there 's almost no strollers in stock .
will have to just go over there and check it out .
lol you have two posts and op has one post .
these are big red flags saying scam all over them !
this looks like it was taken in the 80s .
during chapter 1 season 5 you were able to then as of season x they made outfit challenges into weekly challenges for the that specific season .
since then that 's just how it 's been with each passing season .
you miss it during the season then it 'll always be incomplete .
i still have a carbide from c1s4 that does n't have the full lights design on the body
notice 3 things you feel notice 3 things you hear notice 3 things you see
it sounds like you may be spending a lot of time out of your body and in the imagination world .
spend time here there is work to be done here draw upon your imagination powers/abilities for support
my father-in-law offered me a bud light while at dinner so i guess that 's something lol
i spent 6 hours re doing the flow in my 40 nano !
you can look to other communities to see the vast differences in what changes get implemented and what is changed each patch/event .
the store and 'collection ' events are just gambling psychology .
two of their in game currencies are nearly 100 useless and the store is a constant shit show .
look to overwatch or any recent cod in comparison and it 's glaring .
i heard he has an orange cap in ipl .
it looks like you 've posted a personal perspective .
please read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and the faq https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/faq in their entirety .
use this link to determine if your post was incorrectly removed https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/t0q .
users who do not follow the above instructions will not receive a response .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
you are loved 3 i 'll be thinking about you this christmas .
you will not be alone in the new year 3 take care !
sure sure not letting patty off the hook either but geoff has just always done this and it felt noteworthy enough to bring up .
patty seemed to disagree with zacks direction for ww and preferred classic like john 's which is how we got here .
if people enjoyed what they did awesome but it didnt work for me personally .
yeah i 'm simping but i 'm also focused on the fact that ethan 's ceiling looks like he 's standing in my college dorm room .
does that strike anyone else as odd or am i just really adhd ?
this subreddit has been such a positive niche online and i like to lurk and read and sometimes comment in here .
i was unable to play ac origins on my previous laptop .
now with a 1660ti i 've completed 30hrs on ultra high settings .
thanks everyone for their support and advice in here .
difference here is that around 72 was asian and less than 1 was black
hope kawhi 's ok that elbow hit was brutal .
my point was on social media at least mine and reddit writ large most people just kinda ... do n't care .
i could not even imagine a post 911 world where a terrorist successfully bombs and off lines telecom infra mixed with the weird warning and timing designed to limit civilian casualties i think at least and our collective response is shrug and must be a dem/maga/antifa/generic political boogeyman
i received this as a gift a while ago and never got around to actually diving in .
if it was legal i would take advantage of it .
i 'm not going to handicap myself when others wo n't .
but it will never be legal again and i support its illegality .
i got an under armor brand bag as a gift a few years ago the model is storm 1 .
it looks like it 's been discontinued but it 's on ebay too .
it looks like the new model of it is called undeniable .
it is the perfect size for a uniform/towel/boots two separate zippered sections on the front and side and with a separate zippered/vented section for the footwear and space left over for food depending how much you pack to eat .
what you need to be telling people is what kind of monitor resolution/refresh rate and games you intend to be playing on .
as you find googling hard to do here you go https www.google.com/search ? q=gtx+1060+release+date rlz=1c1chbf_enau774au774 oq=gtx+1060+release+date aqs=chrome..69i57.3261j0j7 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8
it was mid range when it came out and that was back in 2016 .
since the 10xx series we 've had the 20xx series and recently the 30xx series released .
what you need to do is tell us what the intended purpose of your rig is going to be ie .
what games will be you playing and on what monitor .
it will suffice in a fair few games at 1080/60fps with low-medium fidelity settings .
1.b should you also upgrade your gpu when upgrading your ram ?
there will be a tangible benefit to the rest of your experience by upgrading ram even if you do n't upgrade the gpu .
windows needs 4gb so if you want to game and still have your chrome tabs open like a normal person then you want more than 8gb .
you say you are running on 8gb ram but your two options are
why do n't you just go with 2 x 8gb ?
do you mean you are running 2 x 8gb already ?
more ram is always handy but the smart choice is to go for faster 2 x 8gb ram rather than spending more on slower 2 x 16gb ram .
faster ram will help bring up your minimum fps and your cpu also matters here if you 're playing at 1080p resolution which i assume you are with that rig .
if you are playing at 1080p/60hz then even if your rig can maintain 100000fps in a game you will only see 60fps 60hz max monitor refresh rate .
therefore in the games you 're playing if you can maintain 60fps then there 's no need to upgrade .
this is the page 2 of the document i wanted translated but could n't get them both on the one post .
who the fuck do you know that gets the flu once a year ?
the only actual thing that 's pepepains is people who unironically use pepepains
they do something annoying like having black and dark grey which look the same in the book or they have two near-indistinguishable shades
but she was back to human at the end so maybe the original wish not granted by max sticks but the one that made her cheetah is gone
bro i was taking a piss and i come back to this
but that was the bad part.. 16 pulls 12 4 free and i still ended up spending 10 coins on him for pity .
consolation prizes were the stmr 's i got along the way i guess .
if it is n't economically scientifically feasible yet that 's where the money is .
obvious answers are to reboot a few times factory reset etc
automod the following is a copy of the above post .
this comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
some background me and my friend has been hanging out for quite sometime .
however we later split up since our personality do n't quite match .
tried to introduce him to the group but he does n't fit .
he told me that everyone hates him but in fact they 're not .
they said that he 's just awkward and hard to befriend with since he and my group have nothing in common .
one day during winter break last year he messaged me said that i was bullying him and sending our chat for everyone at school and that i should leave him alone .
p/s i let him borrowed my dad 's laptop for 3 weeks this is important i 'm shocked i have no idea what is happening .
i tried to ask him why he thought so and that he keeps saying he has evidence .
i said that i 'm so confuse and have no idea what 's happening so if he can show me the evidence then i have a sense of what 's going on .
he said no and that i 'd persuaded others into hating him .
he then show me my end of term score which only i and the teachers has access to
5 months ago out of nowhere he messaged me said that i 'm a disgrace and my parents should disowned me .
keeping my calm i ask him is everything okay ?
while he just bombarding me with those message with many said that i should not exist in this world and no one cares if i disappear .
3 months ago he said he 's going to meet my parents and tell them everything that i did him how i hurt him .
he said that i hacked his facebook using the laptop that my dad used not anymore since he gave it to my aunt for her to work .
he crying like a maniac while talking to my dad my dad still has no clue why he keeps mentioning the laptop that he gave away months ago to my aunt
i met his mom too we speak for a while she said that i threatened his life and makes him want to do terrible things .
i asked his mom if she has the evidence she said no because her son never show her those .
so i showed her our text messages and she said that she 's very sorry and they will talk again .
i told her that he has some mental issues because all the things he said never happen and that my friends can confirm it .
a few days ago he messaged all of my friends again saying that he would choke me if he sees me in his general line of direction .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
regarding crypt-jews christopher columbus left spain in 1492 the day that jews were expelled from that country the same year they were expelled from italy and malta .
thank you it does make me feel better to be remembered that others also take it seriously and do what is necessary for the community
yeah but these lawsuits are based in reality the wishy washy ire of the extreme right wing is n't .
they 've been turning on fox lately because they are only spewing 90 bullshit instead of 100 like oann and newsmax is .
would it give these people permanent jobs or give them a roof for a month ?
i 'd say snoop to smaller mechanic shops and ask if they have a trustworthy body guy my pops owns a mech shop currently and sends all his body work to an older gentlemen who has 25 years at an automation body shop but does all body work at home sometimes you can get lucky and all they do is pull the dent bondo sand and repaint just like new for maybe 400-700 his guy did an entire trunk door for a 2020 sienna for 750 that also included glass installation that he bought separately .
just keep calling around and see what you get some people might warranty their work while some do n't feel confident in who you 're talking to before handing your car away .
wow i felt a bit alone in here thank you for this comment .
i was n't the one who clogged the toilet but i was the one who found it .
back in middle school i went to the bathroom to take a shit turned the corner to walk into the stall and stopped in my tracks .
i 'm looking at the toilet and this ball of shit is peeking out of the toilet .
i mean it 's just this huge perfectly spherical shit in the toilet .
needless to say i took a shit in that toilet but i had to flush the toilet like three times to break that hall and be able to flush it down .
why do you care whether it 's in a fictitious branch ?
i also pulled for zhong li got him on soft pity and since then i got albedo from soft pity again with f2p primos .
not sure how you spend but with all the events going on all hope may not be lost .
i can start every game from oculus software except for the walking dead one .
do you know if my machine has that same setting ?
i just got it and brand new to this world .
generally probably best to buy packs that you need rares/epics from vs legendaries .
it 's pretty hit or miss on sniping a legendary from any given set unless you 're buying a crap ton and i do n't think older sets have dupe protection .
so i guess you can save your primogems to other characters
now does shubman remember it 's international cricket and he 's got reviews now so if he gets a howler he does n't have to chuck a 20 minute tantrum to bully the umpire into overturning his decision so the game can continue ?
indian tailenders do n't bat that long to feel the heat anyway lol .
i 'm so glad she had a daytime talk show for a while
if you are visiting r/tattoos for the first time or visiting from r/all warning please be aware of all of the rules in the sidebar and stickied threads before posting .
common issues that will get you banned are any comments on personal appearance any discussion about pricing of any kind aftercare/medical advice or questions and trolling .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tattoos if you have any questions or concerns .
test drive a few probably and see what you like .
carvana offered to buy my old camry for 100 .
will intel 11th gen. be able to xmp on cheap cpus/mbs ?
i currently have a r5 3400g i want to move to a igpu-less cpu and i have two in mind
i5 10400f 200 and r5 3600 300 both seem to perform similarly .
but here comes my problem '' i invested in 2x8gb 3200 mhz rams which will be wasted on a i5 10400f right ?
i 've read that i need a z490 200 vs a320 80 which i currently own .
bear in mind that i 'll gift my cpu/mb to my little siblings so i 'll be buying both .
op i work for qkids right now on its own .
lost my other job towards the beginning of the year thanks to covid outbreaks in my area .
anyway to answer your question you can definitely make at least 700 a month if your availability is good .
the maximum you can make from qkids every month is 1,630 with a few exceptions like holidays or referral bonuses assuming you teach every time slot and get all of the attendance and rating bonuses .
so if you 're teaching a little less than half the time slots and your ratings/attendance are good you 'd be able to make 700 a month .
with gogokid thrown in the mix i imagine 700 a month easily doable .
yarn is james c brett marble chunky acrylic in colours mc70 blue and mc52 purple
next time just show your dick and ass forsen and get 3 days
your post is currently awaiting approval by our moderators due to your low karma .
we now take this approach because users with less than 100 karma usually spam or make posts that consistently break our rules .
rest assured if you have n't broken the rules your post will be up within a few hours .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ukdrill if you have any questions or concerns .
if you got downvoted ca n't tell no one else can see your comment 's votes until sometime after its been posted that 's just because people in this thread are a bit downvote-happy .
flag capture being the least favourite as some classes have much more mobility with the flag than others .
the only people worse than those who think trump is the messiah are those who think he 's the devil .
tiktokinternational is trying to help and say try before making a wrong move .
got ta love people like this instead of being helpful you bring shame to your self ?
maybe just dont say anything if you have nothing nice or better to say hmmm ?
it looks so cool good luck no pain while you do the other ones and happy whatever just be happy .
originally i thought it was gon na be a fan channel for ta from the channel name which i was actually really looking forward to seeing but nope !
it 's a fucking hate channel spouting the same bullshit that has been repeated by every single fucking person on this godforsaken earth for fucking years now .
it makes the corporate bastards a boatload of money .
click here to send a pm to this user https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nsa_prismprogram
got a download finally have a chance to listen to this album been hearing good stuff
then that is most likely a pronunciation issue not an accent issue .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post can not have first person pronouns i me my etc
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
if you can get the shotgun from the raid it 's great .
witherhoard is great but other than raid gear or perfect paradox if you played during season of the dawn ?
you get either toil or hawthorn 's or it 's a sniper rifle .
there 's not much and not many good ones no .
if you can get an escape velocity kinetic smg that 's the same archetype as death adder you could use it and there 's a ton more energy specials but otherwise nope .
even if it 's fully legal i pretty much expect you to still not be able get or keep a job if you test positive for weed
should 've known right away they were n't going to hit that goal .
i think mid 2021 would be lucky at this point .
they need two copies of the long hair gene to be long haired so it is n't surprising that he 's short coat there are short coat breeds on both sides of the prospective tree
the saddle pattern and mask are a bit surprising but my guess would be the saddle is coming from the beagle as well as the gsd ancestor
based off the idea that fabeled is about size then i 'm guessing neeko will impersonate the highest max health enemy
did n't they give a disclaimer before they ran ?
how on earth do you not remember the christmas episode ?
it 's extra long like 45 min and charlie bites a mall santa .
frank hides inside of a couch and then crawls out naked and sweaty in the middle of a christmas party .
i 'm just shocked cuz i feel like it contains some of the shows most iconic and oft referenced moments
this is the only non-misogynistic comment on this post 🙄
nta if you 're honest with yourself you should have been the one to end this years ago .
would love to pin you down use that pretty petite body to milk me dry 😈
kind of lame now that it 's dragon challenge and they do n't even run the tracks at the same time any more .
on the autobahn you get maybe 1/3 semi truck traffic though traveling at 85 kph or 55mph so you 've to stay very alert to both observe the basic rule of driving in the rightmost lane except when overtaking and simultaneously not rear ending one of the aforementioned trucks .
the slow truck traffic is nice though so my slow ass 75hp winter truck can stay in the right lane with all the semis and not hold up traffic .
not so much that this is a great deal but more of a what the fuck else is out there that fits the size of this spac and would n't just go traditional ipo and double their valuation on day one like so many ipos this year
especially since the uk simply brought the new variant to light thanks to its exquisite genome sequencing apparatus .
besides this strip club thing no one was judging him for his off the field actions .
it was the selfies with the fans while case had to go in for victory formation .
it was throwing a 6 yard out when the coaches specifically said throw it to the end zone ''
it 's the wildly inconsistent throws in the flat that any starting qb should be able to hit .
and it has nothing to do with him as a man a black man or any of that shit .
there are some great documentaries that cover this but it 's things like the food the cows eat plus the water they and the plants they eat need .
on top of that their slurry polluted waterways here in the uk and everywhere else causing algal blooms destroying natural habitats etc .
i stopped eating beef two years ago and honestly do n't miss it .
beyond meat burgers are tasty af and fried chicken is delicious .
i remember watching the movie im looking for no later than like 2013
it 's currently in the mail so i 'll let you know how that turns out lol .
all of them my sexuality is fuid from gay af to asexual so im not sure if that counts for str8
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redditsessions if you have any questions or concerns .
i will never ever understand donating to somebody who is doing better than you are financially .
yeah please do n't leave any trash on the trash littered streets of portland .
also please pick your dog feces out of the piles human feces and needles
just a little reminder than aita is a sub filled with fake stories
you can sort of get an idea of it from that percentage table .
the worst recorded is 22 down and 7.8 up but oddly those were not on the same speed test .
the 22 down test had 25 up and the 7.8 up had 120 down .
also i often run a test on one site and then the other to help indicate any odd stuff .
for example the 120 down 7.8 up was from fast.com https fast.com .
1 minute or less later the test from speedtest.net https speedtest.net was 138 down 17 up .
thanks for the advice guys tilted all day at work because my opponent has mike evans got home and saw 13.8 fantasy points then turned on my tv to see jeff wilson being checked on the sideline .
i still think 15 points is more than drake will get
it 's not hivemind you 're just wrong and his values are fucking stupid
i 'm here for work buddy but i ca n't wait until i go home .
considerando que uma pessoa mais nova n tem dinheiro o primeiro e os proximos aportes vao se bancados pelos pais e o dinheiro perdido ou ganho n vai significar mt talvez ja q nao se espera q um adolescente sme qqr contato c o mundo adulto ou responsabilidade financeira consiga algo sei la .
vai ser aprendizado p eles e considerando q elas podem pensar em investir tem conhecimento disso e têm o tempo p dedicar a investimento com tao pouca idade e nao em estudar ou fazer qualquer coisa de adolescente eles em tese sao abastados o suficiente p poderem aprender desde cedo o q torna algo meio ok de se imaginar .
a grafia ta toda torta e tals mas eh pq acabei de acordar .
to c 19 anos e minha mae me deu um dindin p investir aos 18 e eu consegui devagar ganhar um pouco de dinheiro mas isso pq foi um dinheiro q minha mae separou especificamente p mim cortando gastos vendendo ferias e fazendo consorcio e tal .
cada um tem sua propria realidade e eu nao acho q criança e adolescente q invista e tenha tempo conhecimento e o dinheiro p isso eh gente comum q nao conseguiria aprender .
you 're a good man once i 'm able to get the ring in limited i think i should do that too .
it was a laborious grind for me and i want to make it easier for others where i can .
i 've already got dwade so i do n't really have anything else to play for after limited
once confirmed with hr you 'll receive your gift basket uniform name tag and username/password for your training modules .
i 'm upset to find out that this is n't about the spanish inquisition
because of your choice the needy got the shaft .
you were n't honest and were all about the self preservation not worrying about the cost the charity had to take on to get rid of all the milk .
but go ahead and blame the bad company that made you do it ...
it 's on old house many many entry points .
unfortunately i need to wait for summer for most spots and my logic says waiting till it 's warm out may allow any current residents will venture out .
gasol should have actually went to the eureauge instead of changing his mind
i 'm fine with a levels being cancelled if they are done thorough by our teachers but i care more about clarity .
exams are chill too but our neas should be cancelled at least to compensate .
if they u turn constantly i 'll be more annoyed than exams lol
my raw is organized in folders by camera body and then in subfolders by year and further by date of import in that year .
i have 40 other folders that are subject folders and nothing gets in there unless it has been developed and processed .
all of these are in one catalog ... .about 32,000 images .
it 's not wasted depends if you 're a completionist or not .
either way it 's not adviced to go after the valkyrie until you 've beat the main game .
thank you so much this was such a big help !
i know borderlands is more combat focus but i love working towards a build and having end game be punishing if you do n't play smart and plan out your build .
i remember playing uvhm on bl2 and i got demolished because i was using random gear .
it looks like a doom hexen or quake level like the originals .
how many hours have you spent on it though ?
i would assume it 'd take a bit more getting used to than just switching to another 6-string .
like if i picked up a bass then i would expect to have to work to get comfortable with it .
i vaguely remember the hat and the captioning makes me think they 're talking about chono/muta .
is this the one where the beginning is kinda wholesome ?
if they do the reversals the biden admin are likely to attempt which will take years due to corporate litigations now laying claim to those no-longer protected regulated waterways and parks will be overturned discarded .
thank you everyone but sadly the seller ghosted me he was selling all of them for like 30 bucks
not to mention a large reason as to why there are n't a lot of female pro gamers is because of the gatekeeping that goes on in the community
idk i finished my kill 5 scavs quest in two customs raids just ratting around
phanteks and newegg both refuse to cover the shipping damages so it seems like i 'm stuck with this .
is it a potential concern that the power supply only screws in with the two screws on the left ?
your image post is currently hidden from other redditors .
to complete the submission processes please respond to your post with a 45 word comment .
this message will be disappear shortly after your comment has been added .
rule 3 image posts must show functioning/connected gear and be accompanied by impressions or a review that adds value to the post .
the impressions or review do not need to be exhaustive but they should strive to explain how you feel about the product s and why you feel that way .
how does it compare to what you 've owned or used before ?
were there any surprises or lessons learned that you 'd like to share ?
what components are in your system and how did you come to own them ?
anything else that you think others might find interesting ?
if not submit a new post and be sure to choose the appropriate flair before clicking submit
please reread the removal and message the r/headphones moderators https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/headphones subject=u/transducerbot 20image 20approval message=please 20review 20/r/headphones/comments/kk9vzx/just_got_s_jbl_quantum_100_got_any_songs_so_i_can
the whole of ancient greece and rome liked this comment .
camo crocs a wooden coffee mug new balance shoes green and black hoodie two new sweaters a lowrider model schitts creek shirt and a bob burgers shirt
if you are n't going to stand your ground and push that sentiment then you get what you get .
well we 're hanging right now with luka being cold .
looks like the best time to open some presents .
why do n't we do it in the road ?
why do n't we do it in the road ?
why do n't we do it in the road ?
a guy literally crawling across e pratt on all fours this past week .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/interestingasfuck if you have any questions or concerns .
its very difficult to survive the politics and the media climate and emerge unscathed to run for national office .
it 's not a dead end but it 's not a great path to even statewide office .
or do i need to check my shopping app and order it ?
i thought he had walker at first but it was a hand truck .
i had to watch it twice to see where the rude guy made a mistake which is having a long hair for the other guy to pull .
you 're not to blame for what happened they are both adults .
you need to respect your cousins decision that they will try to work through things .
that being said this is n't about you you are n't important in this situation and your opinion does n't matter you need to suck it up and be amicable with him for your cousins sake you do n't need to be nice but do n't make things harder .
i plan on going back and touching some of them up if better outfit options get released poor kain needs something done to him
and escalations are full of under-leveled players who fall over instantly .
admittedly i have very little experience in this field it does seem to me that the buyer has a point with the payment being the credit the artist gets right ?
they paid for the work not for the affiliation .
if the artist has a big name and the affiliation could bring extra attention of course you 'd want it there .
when the artist is n't that big or is n't known in the area that the commission will be shown to why woulf you want a signature there ?
would n't it only distract from the actual drawing ?
when i buy a t-shirt i personally prefer ones without clear obnoxious branding because i do n't feel like going around as a walking advertisement .
i took bcmg geog as h1 so maybe some relevance to this post ? ?
everyone said bcmg combi is one of the hardest because of the amount of memory work for both bio and geog and it 's definitely true !
not sure about h2 geog but h1 geog has about 20 topics .
the actual memory part is the examples imo the content can just understand and apply .
50/100 marks in h1 geog paper is data response anyway so no examples needed too hence not that bad i would say ?
as long as u have the passion for geog it should be fine !
biology imo is the subject that if you put in the hard work to memorise the content diligently it 's pretty score-able !
also in my opinion the least difficult subject amongst bcmg !
some general idea though bcmg/g is not a common combi each school about 1 class 20 people .
bcme/e on the other hand is very common like 90 of the h2 bio cohort takes that combi
also maybe would recommend my combi instead aka h1 geog instead of all h2 because taking all h2 may be really stressful and university looks a lot more at ur final rankpoint than if u took 4h2s instead so why make your life harder ?
if you score a rank point lower than those who did 3h2s instead you will definitely be shortchanged .
however in any case u really want to take 4h2 you can drop one to h1 at the end of j1 if you think you can not cope which many did haha .
you may pursue humanities related course in university eg nus geography ntu history etc ... such courses will require you to take at least a h1 in geog or history .
bcme students will hence not be able to take them regardless of their final alevel grades .
you can ask me if you have more questions but not ejc haha
i guess its better than being ripped apart by them
i used to keep collections of pencils christmas cards stamps and some erasers .
i have got rid of the pencils and the christmas cards as they are bulky do n't last long .
and despite not knowing why i would collect those erasers in the firsthand i also keep them .
unfortunately i do n't think we can choose as it was a pack but i def agree .
it came with smb1 2 3 and og legend of zelda .
working off the estimates i saw for a crawlspace to basement conversion the biggest costs by far is jacking the house for a new foundation or shoring up the foundation wall or foundation piers .
there are no piers in the existing crawlspace and if the middle is dug out to the same depth as the existing perimeter trenches it does n't seem like it would require any work on the existing foundation .
please name one bombing in america which was n't political .
boomtown is my plug for overloads they have a good selection if you want best prices go to big daddy k 's ive been tryinf to find a good wholesale but havnt found any
that 's what i figured just wanted some reassurance .
i usually choose to err on the side of caution but i think people on most drug subs make overly cautious but overall incorrect claims for the purpose of harm reduction .
like i know recovered meth heads who have stayed awake for 7 days on a binge and they are relatively fine now .
some people on this sub act like 2 doses in a month are going to fuck your brain and heart permanently beyond repair which i was doubtful of lol
woody 's experience with geri really gave him a whole new outlook on life https youtu.be/y7lq3qvbp_8
well not christmas yet for me we use the old calendar lol but the last 3 months have been really bad as in every 30 days i 've lost one grandma or grandpa i mean not direct line grandma/grandpa but my moms uncles and ants as in my grandma 's sisters and brother and my grandpa 's brother we are a close family so losing first my grandmother 's sister in law then a month later my grandma 's brother the husband of said sister in law then 30 days after her sister and now last week my grandpa 's brother ... 4 people since september and none were from covid thankfully cause we would have lost more probably due to the others being old as well and having all kinds of pre-existing conditions .
and this happens a lot for us every december actually which sucks i lost my grandpa in december 11 years ago my step-dad 4 years ago in december then my dad and baby cousin 3 years ago in december and that is just the really close ones ...
i 'm pretty sure december is cursed for my family so every year we avoid traveling or doing risky things like surgeries or something else cause you know do n't want to risk it more for being such crappy month ... and it 's not even christmas here yet january 7th is so there 's that date to be ruined in some way 😭 also no presents cause we do n't do christmas like that here but we do get all together on that date and we may get occasional fight or two then lol .
indeed the one where i felt the biggest chance when switching phones
every time i 've ever tried to run a sound equipped loco with dc it always ends up being more of a pain than it 's worth .
either save up for a dcc system or stay with analog dc engines for now .
for what it 's worth you can get a nice starter dcc system for that same 200 you 'd be spending on the loco .
but im talking about if you cant find anything to write about .
if you 're breastfeeding the milk would definitely explode out due to the pressure .
take it in for another repair and get that on the history .
then post on the capstone site with the scanned repair info .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
is this the same injury clint been nursing since we got him ?
i know a lot of fashion fascists who are going to dismiss a character design simply because the character does n't dress well .
here 's the thing guys when it comes to character design or just costume design in general what makes a good outfit has nothing to do with how much you like it or how much you hate it .
https it.it the outfit is good if it matches the character 's personality.maybe the character does n't give a damn about fashion.even if the character wears something like an oversized ugly t-shirt and flip flops if it matches their personality it 's great.obviously you would n't expect a character that is lazy or slobbish to dress in high fashion .
i wan na play out a sweet polyamourous relationship .
we 'd all be equals though me being the sub i 'd prefer 2 dom 's or at least 2 switches as i ca n't play dom i do n't feel comfy sorry .
so i 'd need to use chat for this so we can get 3 of us together in one chat group so we could all play together .
the order the rp would take would be me being second in replies one of you first and one last order can be changed depending on situation .
so if your interested in playing with a new person and myself please send me a chat !
now we do n't have to be human we could be kenomimis nekos dog people ect furries demi-humans lamia 's ect i have no issues there !
now for my kinks i 'll start with my dynamics pet-play d/s romantic gentle dom rough dom possessiveness .
i 'm also into huge dick 's like 10in-3ft size play me being tiny like 2ft-5 cumflation strappons and quite a bit more !
facebook 's vp of play jason rubin says games have 'helped people find their happy place '
'we are vulnerable ' says axel hefer ceo of trivago
tania boler chief executive of femtech startup elvie worries about culture being lost for remote hires
markus villig chief exec of ride-hailing firm bolt is n't convinced remote work is forever
anne boden ceo of starling bank says there 'll be less presenteeism in the future
oaknorth ceo rishi khosla say the lessons of covid-19 could help 'generations to come '
nik storonsky boss of challenger banking app revolut says challenges like covid-19 ca n't slow ambitious founders down
'become a camel not a unicorn ' say deployed cofounders kayleigh kuptz and emma rees
the old ways of doing cybersecurity have 'gone out the window ' says darktrace ceo poppy gustafsson
matt cooper ceo of skillshare '2020 has made me realize how much i 've missed spending time at home . '
charlie delingpole founder and ceo of complyadvantage is rethinking the future of work
entrepreneur first 's matt clifford says 2020 shows any good service can be delivered online
ceo of ai chip producer graphcore nigel toon will never take gatherings for granted again
alex chesterman chief exec of user car service cazoo says changes from black lives matter were long overdue
covid-19 has made lars fjeldsoe-nielsen general partner at balderton capital and former uber exec reconsider his carbon footprint
ts anil ceo of challenger bank monzo says 2020 has been filled with 'compassion and support '
looking for traditional and nontraditional sauces to serve with yuca fries .
i have only ever had them plain but i want to find a good sauce to try them with .
i 'm giving you 7 off your first purchase with code rjzmjck
graveborns have daimon and izold wilders have eironn and saurus maulers have the stomp/invade team and safyia .
just beat him and wanted to share some tips on defeating him
to start this battle was one of the most challenging ones i 've had in botw .
he was tricky to nail down especially his clone phase which frustrated me endlessly since he just kept regaining health .
however after 2 days of trying strat after strat i got a flawless win by doing these tricks
spam perfect guards/dodges when he charges and you should be fine
when he clones himself at the beginning this is your best chance to use the strategy of dropping a mighty banana .
this is really effective and will cause the real maz to walk toward it while stunning the clones .
it 's insanely op which is why as far as i know it can only be used once .
note clones in the air and charging wo n't stop .
keep dodging until you 're sure all the clones are stunned
now after this attack he has a few other attacks that all include clones .
the clones will surround you and either attack you by peppering you with arrows or charging with their swords .
if you have urbosa 's fury you can use that to easily bypass this stage .
if they choose death by arrows just dash and call it a day .
if they choose to charge with their swords use revali 's gale to dodge or stasis/shoot a clone and run through the hole in the circle .
after you dodge the clones will disappear and you can start your attack .
i recommend spamming stasis to get some extra hits .
you can use a 3x arrow lynel bow to fire into the line in hopes of hitting him but if you do n't just run and do n't look back .
conserve your stamina because if you run out you most likely will be skewered .
after dodging wait for clones to disappear then attack .
maz creates a bunch of clones which stick around and all attack you at once each with different attacks .
when maz initially clones the clones seem to be coming out of his body in a horizontal line .
the trick is to catch him early and shoot the middle of the line as quickly as possible .
this gives you the best chance at hitting the real guy which will promptly fall on his butt allowing you to get some easy hits in .
shooting him in the face also stops him from teleporting away .
however if you fail to hit him and his clones charge you my advice to you is slash and pray .
i saw videos talking about running around and dropping bombs behind you but when i tried it it did n't work so well .
other strategies would be urbosa 's fury if you still have some and revali 's gale which you can use to sail into the air and pick them off with arrows .
if you are able to complete phase 2 reliably these last phases are n't too hard to master .
maz basically grows into a giant and lobs stuff at you .
once he has thrown them all pick one up with magnesis and put it next to his face as he electrocutes it .
as one rolls by pick it up with magnesis and smack him with it .
he does n't electrocute these so you have to wind up and hit him with it .
spinning with a broadsword in the earlier phase apparently works wonders .
however from my experience in other tries there are 2 attacks back to back .
kill them as fast as you can and shoot him to keep his health low .
the faster you kill them the more prep time you have for the guardian blast .
this is n't really an official attack but a deterrent to keep players from just slashing maz 's feet
if you still have trouble something i did to help was cook up a damage potion using 3 mighty bananas 1 mighty thistle and a dragon horn .
this should give you 30 min of high damage dealing which should be more than enough to get the job done .
i recently got inspired by the fsf and would like to be more toughtful about the software i use and run on my laptop .
what are the first steps i can take and need to do ?
from what i 've seen it 's very blacl and white you either use all free software or none at all .
but at this point in time i do n't think i 'll be able to manage .
what distro do i choose for my laptop where i can run free software as much as possible but still am able to use non-free if i need it for pragmatic reasons ?
i have a lenovo legion 5 with an nvidia and intel onboard gpu .
what are some resources i can look at to keep free software in mind beyond the os itself how about the web browsers additional sodtware ide ?
how can i teasily tell if something is propietary or not ?
hey guys i was wondering if anyone has done a language diploma with a grad course and if they can share their experiences ?
during my ba i dabbled around with different languages for breadths as wam boosters and found some really interesting italian spanish and japanese in particular .
i was n't able to turn it into a diploma then due to space limitation .
as a grad student i wish to pursue one .
how should i choose/find out more since i can not take higher level language subjects as breadths anymore ?
i 'm giving you 7 off your first purchase with code rjzmjck
i am coming to flashback ssf in two days and i would like to league start as a ice crash ascendant or raider .
dunno which is easier the idea would be to transition to hollow palm when i 'll find a one with nothing .
i like this girl and im too scared to confess my feelings to her plus im moving to germany and coming back to my hometown only in the summer and im too afraid to ask her out because in march or april im moving to germany .
there is a difference between hating that bitch and hating all women !
boy am i afraid of sex i 'll tell ya what haha
supports multiple types of transactions – purchase redemption systematic investment plan sip systematic withdrawal plan swp systematic transfer plan stp and switch
allows users to register complaints provide feedback and post queries
irtm launched its fund distribution https www.intellectdesign.com/blog/fund-distribution-through-app android app called gomf for mutual fund utilities india pvt .
ltd. mfui serving its investors distributors and registered investment advisors rias on 7th june 2016 .
ltd mfui is the mutual fund industry 's ‘shared services ' initiative formed by the asset management companies amcs registered under the aegis of amfi association of mutual funds of india and regulated by sebi the securities and exchange board of india which is the regulator for the securities market in india .
christmas morning excitement my lovely girlfriend has bought me loads of new games for my series x that we managed to snag from argos of all places last week .
loving everything to do with vikings naturally i put valhalla in first .
left it installing while we got on with the rest of the festivities .
fast forward to the evening and the little dr. cartman 's have been put to bed and i 'm itching to get stuck in to my game hmm that 's odd it 's saying it 's not inserted but i myself inserted it and stared the install ... ..
take the disk out to find no only the disk but two plastic money coins come out . valhalla is scratched to shit but so far the xbox has read 15 4k uhd blu-ray films seemingly find and also installed and played crash 4 cyberpunk cod cold war and fifa 21 nxt lvl from disks with no issues
should i be worried about the disk drive being potentially fucked ?
or could my lucky stars that only the game is broken ?
i was wondering if anyone had apples and pears on their island ?
i have all of the other fruits i 'd you 'd like to trade
a problem i find when looking for larger bras that are n't lined is that they always have some type of elaborate lace or seams that always show through clothes .
i 've never once found an unpadded bra in my size that has that smooth fabric that you find on smaller unlined bras .
anyone have any suggestions for smooth bras or bras with seams/lace that do n't show through tighter shirts ?
my husband and i are looking for a unicorn !
hi i 'm sava i 'm a small youtube rad the time i 'm posting this i have 22 subscribers and it would mean a lot to me if you could check my channel out !
i play games like minecraft vr and sometimes fortnite https youtube.com/channel/uck5_vkkxi8owjftnqwtojiw thanks 😊
i mainly take this class because i think other classes workload is gon na be killer but i 'm not sure how heavy this class will be .
i heard it 's about yoga and you learn how to do yoga but is there anything else hard about it ?
so i 've sunk as it says 40 hours into mhgu finally reaching lv 4 on the quest counter yet on the save file it still says i 'm hr 1 !
what is the difference am i not already hr 4 as the tasks are 'harder ' ?
also i am struggling with hub matches as whenever i join the leader will start a quest yet i have never been able to join the same quest as i havent seen a section in the hub where it tells you what quest they 've queued only the usual red/green ot whatever colour above the head if the player ?
im more than familiar with mh world but feel rather lost working out the multiplayer for mhgu and really would love to find a solid group to help me .
sorry if this post is already out there couldnt find anything myself .
when i try to install hawku drivers with my huion h640p it always gives me this message how can i fix it ?
would you ever consider guilt tripping some form of emotional abuse ?
i had an ex that whenever i tried to break things off with them it was almost too obvious sometimes how quickly they would change the subject to something wrong in their life or things from there past and it always felt like i was being put in an impossible position where i could n't leave them even if i wanted to .
like it changed leaving a relationship into leaving them out to dry and always made me feel like shit if i did .
there was also a time for a while they worked close to my apartment and they always called when they got off late at night and said they did n't feel safe driving home from being too exhausted or whatever and for a while i gave them the benefit of the doubt which i regret now .
they even once accidentally said sometimes i just came cause i missed you which to them seemed like a cute thing to say but to me just showed how manipulative that was to know forsure that there are times they actually lied about they 're safety to get what they wanted
idk kind of a vague question but parts of it fucked me up .
my least favorite part of it is that it 's made me never want to help people cause i get really bitter and nervous about it now .
yes you can disable it temporarily by saying notifications off '' and then enable it back on by saying notifications on '' .
how is it possible nobody asked the simple question of what have you actually ever done that helped your constituents ?
currently 3 in the morning and my brain wo n't turn off so thought i may as well make use of it .
little bit about me 24 from the uk pre hormones trans woman so if that bothers you hey at least you do n't have to read any more and can go on with your day .
would love to hear what unusual and interesting hobbies y'all have and can maybe get to know each other better through them .
never know what to put on stuff like this but if any of that sounds at least vaguely interesting then feel free to message me .
i know this will be late but they decided to drop it on christmas so ... it is what it is .
i 've been working on this a bit each night and here it is !
last fest https www.reddit.com/r/ffrecordkeeper/comments/ium7we/fantasy_fest_2020_jp_megathread_fest was obviously about 3 months ago with these https www.reddit.com/r/ffrecordkeeper/comments/ivdw22/fantasy_fest_2020_jp_banner_info_fest relics .
the initial reveal translations and discussions are here https www.reddit.com/r/ffrecordkeeper/comments/kjuvkn/jp_fest_info .
the link to the megathread is here https www.reddit.com/r/ffrecordkeeper/comments/kdr5vb/new_year_fest_2021_jp_megathread_fest .
this fest we get to see the new limit break guardian summoning https www.reddit.com/r/ffrecordkeeper/comments/kcx6gg/jp_new_sb_tier_limit_break_guardian gf link https gamefaqs.gamespot.com/boards/114492-final-fantasy-record-keeper/79174464 .
we also see a continuation of the lb glints giving overflow and 1 lb gauge which is weclome .
realms left out of this fest are ii xii t0 and beyond .
thanks to u/leyroux and u/onthefaultline for the translation work dataminers like u/elninofr and other i 'm sure and u/s0litair3d as always for the posts on gamefaqs that allows me to do these and also thanks to u/pyrotios for always checking my work and helping make sure these things are accurate .
quina high tide '' nat support entrust up to 500 sb to ally short .825 ct self qc2 .
vivi blizzard and thunder '' blk black magic 5x single ice/lightning .
extreme festival banner 1/2/3/4/5 relic draw stamp sheet note b5 has a different 20 stamp reward .
on banner 5 the 20 stamp is 1 free banner 1~5 selection pick
excalibur ii dmg/ct https youtu.be/lu0hsnr5mkw sword holy celes synchro immaculate blade '' phy 15x single holy/ne self en-holy 3 stacks synchro mode bdl+1 aria mode '' searching for friends mode '' .
fantasy grimoire compilation stat/ct/cost book tyro true arcane our fantasy unbound '' nat instant self atk/mag/mnd/def/res 10/20/30/40/50 with 1/2/3/4/5 party members alive en-prismatic prismatic damage 50 bdl+1 memoria judgment '' true arcane augment mode '' zsbc .
antiquated chivalrous surcoat stat/dr1 https youtu.be/k3u5xqzgyf0 light armor minfilia synchro the will of light '' nat instant party atk/mag/res 30 hqc3 self synchro mode blessing of light '' will of light '' .
fairy flute stat/dr1/use instrument mog awakening dancing for everyone '' nat instant party atk/mag/def/res 30 qc self awoken rhapsody mode '' mog step '' dancing together '' .
crystal megaphone instrument cait sith flash i can protect the planet too !
nat instant aoe def/res/mnd 70 self ic1 zero sb cost .
mascot guise light armor yuna flash the dreams that have faded '' nat instant self 500 sb points zsbc .
scion sorceress 's headdress dmg/ct hat ice y'shtola awakening arcane witchcraft '' blk 15x single fire/ice/lightning/dark/ne self sorceress of dawn awakening '' bdl+1 quad element mode '' night 's blessed '' .
angel 's bow bow serah flash artemis shower '' blk instant 1x single water overflow higher multiplier if weak self en-water stacking zsbc .
omega jacket of casting dmg/ct light armor fire papalymo synchro an ending to mark a new beginning '' blk 15x single fire/ne self en-fire 3 stacks synchro mode bdl+1 instant atb3 ic3 .
rod of the black khan rod fire papalymo awakening enochian despair '' blk 15x single fire/ne self en-fire fire awakening '' bdl+1 qc astral flare '' .
freelancer galuf 's guise dmg/ct/use light armor earth galuf awakening barrage of dawn '' phy 15x single earth/ne self en-earth stacking awoken earth mode '' bdl+1 baldesion king mode '' baldesion attack '' .
heavy knuckle fist galuf ultra diligence of dawn '' phy 10x single earth/ne 20 imperil earth party earth damage 20 self en-earth qc3 .
available videos of the new relics sbs are linked to the relic names .
'' true arcane augment mode '' bdl+1/2 and multiplier increased for second activation if at least 100001/300001 damage is dealt .
'' true arcane augment mode '' bdl+1 and multiplier increased for second activation if 8 thief/dancer abilities are used .
'' true arcane augment mode '' bdl+1/2 for second activation if at least 100001/300001 damage is dealt .
'' searching for friends mode '' chase sync defend metamorphosis '' removes searching for friends mode '' .
attack combat for the perfect dish '' phy 1x single ranged water/earth/poison/ne overflow .
if snack '' 0 party crit damage 50 1 self 1 snack '' .
'' true arcane augment mode '' bdl+1/2 and multiplier increased for second activation if at least 100001/300001 damage is dealt .
'' true arcane augment mode '' bdl+1/2 and multiplier increased for second activation if at least 6/10 abilities used and multiplier increased .
notes tyro tasb status true arcane augment mode '' thresholds are actually 6/10 abilities used but it 's a little more complicated than that .
soul breaks limit breaks roaming warriors magicite and historia crystals do n't count .
some sb/lb honing passives count as chases shield stat boost damage reduction barrier and elemental boost so those will count towards it .
the first time it levels up that also counts as a chase towards the second level .
on the surface having 6/10 instead of 5/8 sounds bad .
the increased count is likely to compensate for it how much more easily he can reach those thresholds using only the tasb .
his tasb entry is always followed by a stat boon so it starts at 1 ability used .
the tasb chase and first rank up increase his total ability count by 1 each so without factoring in any other soul breaks he really only needs at most 5 and 7 total abilities '' which is effectively lower than other characters .
defend dark arrows of rapture '' nat instant self qc2 .
if maleficium '' st def/res/mnd 70 self remove maleficium '' .
defend white magic aetherial guidance '' nat st 40 dr1 ic1 if will of light '' bdl+1 1 self remove will of light '' .
'' blessing of light '' chase 3 support party weakness damage 50 1 .
'' true arcane augment mode '' bdl+1/2 and multiplier increased for second activation if at least 100001/300001 damage is dealt .
'' true arcane augment mode '' bdl+1/2 and multiplier increased for second activation if at least 5/8 lightning abilities are used .
'' true arcane augment mode '' bdl+1/2 and multiplier increased for second activation if at least 100001/300001 damage is dealt .
defend water dance of streams '' nat instant self dualcast spellblade 1 water damage 10 .
'' devotion mode '' self water ability damage 10/20/30 casting speed x1.5/2/3 under 10/20/30 fire resistance .
'' whistle awakening '' unlimited white magic/summoning hones hqc white magic/summoning chase white magic/summoning wht party medica h10/15/25/35/45 based on rank .
'' true arcane augment mode '' bdl+2 and multiplier increased for second activation if 100001 damage is dealt .
defend black/witch with enochian scions ' despair '' blk 3x single fire/ice/lightning/dark/ne self mic3 magic damage 50 3 turns remove enochian .
'' sorceress of dawn awakening '' unlimited black magic/witch hones rank boost black magic/witch auto wcast black magic/witch .
'' night 's blessed '' chase 2 fire/ice/lightning/dark st 10 fire/ice/lightning or dark imperil self fire/ice/lightning or dark damage 10 .
'' true arcane augment mode '' bdl+1/2 and multiplier increased for second activation if at least 5/8 water abilities used .
'' true arcane augment mode '' bdl+1 and multiplier increased for second activation if at least 5/8 wind abilities are used .
attack earth hand of dawn '' phy 6x single earth/ne .
defend earth 0 memories burden of dawn '' nat self ic2 .
defend earth 1/2 memories burden of dawn '' nat party crit damage 50 2/party crit chance 100 self memories=0 .
i know you guys want this but i wanted to get the relic details posted .
i promise i broke this ... it will heppen before this comes to global i 'll get this updated in the next day or so .
if you spot any mistakes or have suggestions on how to improve the quality of my guides feel free to comment here and i 'll do my best to address them asap !
can anyone in the earnin community help me boost my max ?
hi all hope you 're having a good xmas season i was n't even considering law school until this august so a huge thanks to everyone who has helped me rapidly assemble my application and prep for the lsat .
over the past few months i 've pretty much applied to every school i think i would consider and adjusted as results came in .
i 'm happy with how the cycle is going so far but i want to make sure i 'm not overlooking any schools especially those that are maybe ranked lower but quickly moving up or have an outsized reputation in their area .
i 'm not committed to any one type of law right now but would like to end up in the public sector or doing public interest by the time i matriculate i 'll have two master 's degrees one in economic development and one in health economics .
minimizing debt is somewhat important to me but i have little debt from undergrad/grad and already accrued a year of pslf .
my lsat is in the high 160s with 1.5 months of dedicated studying .
it 's possible i could bump that up to the very low 170s by february but i 'm pretty hesitant to take that on while also working on my master 's thesis over the break .
i 'm from oklahoma with no desire to live there but would like to end up in the west eventually my partner is from ca and will be moving to los angeles for work next fall so there is a preference to be in that area but we 've done long-distance before and it 's not a dealbreaker for me to end up somewhere else .
harvard pending i currently live in boston i do not expect to get in here at all i applied because i live 15 minutes away and my mom cried when i told her i was applying to harvard
looking for either one with some fat straps/h harness preferred .
have a never fired fde bcm bcg http imgur.com/a/otxacgg that i 'd be willing to trade for a fat/h straps setup w/556 inserts .
a woman with hyperemesis and her husband who has digestive issues wake up at the same time .
i 've watched dan for years and years since the days of crashtastic and such .
the newer content interests me but idk if it 's nostalgia but the older content is the only thing that can actually keep my attention .
some of his newer videos holdup but it feels inconsistent .
edit i did n't expect so many great replies .
i never took notice of the reboots as i had things going on so i never really knew i was just a casual viewer
we 're new to the sauna life but absolutely loving it .
the sauna we have is a traditional 2 person sauna with a electric heater with rocks on it .
there is a vent underneath the heater and 1 near the top opposite from the heater element .
my question is how should we use the vents ?
keep them open so air circulates close them to keep the heat in or something in between .
we 've noticed that we 're nice and hot on the bench but our feet and below the top bench is considerably cooler is that normal ?
i ca n't remember anything else about it except james made a joke about the woman 's defense being i do n't know like a 6 year old would say and they go with that joke for a little while and it 's hilarious but i ca n't remember which murder this was from !
it was definitely from within the last few months .
but being stranded in space knowing you are not alone as a dark matter starts to circle around you is even worse .
idk how many people in this sub have played cyberpunk promise this is n't a spoiler but there is a part in one of the quest lines where you go diving in a lake and explore a flooded town .
just wanted to know how y'all felt about that .
it was very creepy and just wanted to know y'all 's experience with was
hope your spirits are high during the holiday break .
my sister always had anger issues and several mental issues without any diagnoses it 's really obvious that she is mentally challenged .
she screams a lot she is n't grateful she is so rude to my parents .
she is staying with us for a few months until she goes back to her home with her husband .
her and i got into a mini argument and she started hitting me to a point i had 3 horrible scratches on my neck and 2 on my face .
i put ointment on the scars i 'm fine just dealing with a headache .
i just ca n't understand how can someone be this angry ?
like you just delivered a beautiful baby how do you have this energy to be psychotic ?
she has previous existing mental problems like i mentioned and now postpartum .
my parents reaction to this was so shocking and they were so so upset with her for doing this .
i honestly do n't know how i 'm going to survive two months of her company while she is here with us due to covid reasons .
i 'm planning to move out for that duration period but moving out before marriage is n't considered favourable in my culture .
i wan na find out the correct terminology when multiple people dominate the one person like 3 people dominating one female
my best friend does photography and his xmas gift to myself my bf is a couples photo shoot .
i have tried on everything i wear and i feel like i ca n't do it .
it 's either too tight or too baggy and i hate the way everything makes me look .
i will sell for whatever the going rate is .
already a mage but can switch for soul farming optimization .
have monk 's wrap silver bracelet ring of avarice and could trade a boss ' soul for soul thirst .
all i saw were farming at stormking 's place and bow sniping a reaper .
i do n't usually post on here but someone please explain why da is a bust and we need to trade him ?
i did n't know it was his fault that we shot 11-44 from 3 that the kings shot 33 free throws and we shot 13 or that booker is averaging 7.5 turnovers so far .
we lost the game by three fucking points with all that .
this questions is so specific because i have n't been able to find much information to help me .
background i 'm african-american and a full-time high school literature teacher who has been teaching for a few years .
i 'm also going to have my ma in teaching in a few months .
post ma i want to teaching english in south korea .
i am happy to take a course for my certification but am having issues deciding which one .
with my teaching experience would i need the full celta course from cambridge ?
or would i be okay taking a certification through the university i am getting my ma in ?
since i work full time and teaching is such a demanding 24/7 job would taking the online cambridge course really be that detrimental ?
i 've seen mixed reactions to the covid inspired online course .
with my teaching experience would it be better to aim for an international school or any school i would teach english in ?
also i 've heard some things about being black and teaching abroad are there some countries that are racially better or worse for people ?
this is less about schools willing to hire and more about societal racism .
do most people learn the language of the country they are going to before hand ?
once there is it difficult to navigate in a different language ?
how difficult is it to get your prescriptions while abroad ?
i know this is a lot but i 've been researching so long and have n't been able to find much to help me so i would be grateful for any little bit .
bought this couple days ago and it should be leaving the warehouse soon lmk your opinions
quick question i 'm against swearing as it is haram/forbidden .
but sometimes when i go on youtube i like to watch these podcasts with the hosts always swearing and making jokes .
does that make me a hypocrite if i myself do n't swear but enjoy watching podcasts/standup/youtube videos where people swear/make jokes .
i know about some series like ruthless aggression classic superstars deluxe aggression ring rage and some pay per view attires but i want to know the ones i have n't ever seen before .
ok so this was not a good movie probably a 5/10 which is disappointing ... .it honestly feels like dc has n't learned at all ... .which continues to be the trend .
but it 's not all hopeless it could had been fixed primarily in the edit .
the theme of the movie is the easy dishonest route is not the one you should take '' .
opening sets it up very well but man it was long and boring ... ..
let 's go ahead and ditch most of the cario sequence .
cheetah is stupid at the end it looks terrible .
the end should had been her deciding if she should go snap snap or trust in mankind .
and no i 'm not smart enough to dabble in the managing prowess of a discord moderator .
oh makes sense why i ca n't download at the moment lol .
i really do n't know what else to say .
that 's what happened and it confused me too .
he did n't hand me that note until my mom said no more santa on christmas morning and he saw i looked a bit disappointed .
it 's impossible to tell which one you were supposed to use when you only show the one word .
i have a feeling he 's a high-needs newborn and they might be struggling to bond because of it .
some babies just c r y all the damn t i m e. and it makes you hate your life for the first few months .
u are exaggerating our squad isnt good but it 's not too bad either we have won couple of fa cups and community shields which is incredible with this squad .
your post has been removed because your account currently does n't meet the minimum karma requirement to post in r/sneakers .
please contribute to the subreddit through other means i.e .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sneakers if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd say building other class 's mythics is n't necessarily bad their objective with this rework was to give more versatility and as such i do n't mind adc building assassin mythics assassin getting adc mythics or even mid taking imperial mandate if it fits the playstyle better unless it 's absolutely turbo broken .
most likely it 'll just be a niche thing and only that 1 item will work so you know what to expect .
now making a champion fit into every team ever whether you need ad ap or a tank not knowing what to itemize against it and still be one of the strongest champions in whatever game she 's put into is just absurd
after all this testing and changing settings i think i 'm ready to give up .
i only started it because i wanted to reduce the bottleneck for my 3060 ti but the overclock does n't really make a worthwhile improvement .
and this is n't his idea but mine and i 'm certainly not looking to change my relationship in any way .
never in my life have i ever cared about other schools dean list cutoff nor do i know what other schools cutoffs are
my mewzers crosses his legs too and it 's just the cutest thing 😍
i imagine lexilaw23 was referring to the excitement of new book releases and the parties the bookstores used to throw for them .
my local store even had a guy bring in some owls one year .
i usually get unassigned when i see that it 's a long wait and dd order comes along .
as a result they have to find another driver and there is a good possibility that the order will be ready before they the driver arrives .
i got so many orders when the pick up time was way pass due when i just received it .
we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's okay though 50bil/yr wage theft is ... probably an accident
yeah they are cool but it can be hard to add a new pet especially a different type !
some cats love dogs and vice versa but it 's hard to tell in advance .
not a bad investment for a life long hallway monitor now no more choosing who gets to be it
not unless she dms u it on her onlyfans but she never be replying
we work hard to keep this place a safe space where you can vent and seek support .
in addition if you get harassing pms from trolls go here https www.reddit.com/prefs/blocked and select only trusted users '' .
remember that we love you and you are always welcome here !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/abusiverelationships if you have any questions or concerns .
i am always excited to see people passing when prepping with free resources only without paid simulators !
i 'm going to guess do n't verify because i do n't want spoilers that henry and hans will run into some cumans as foreshadowed by there earlier dialogue .
that is a pretty bullshit interpretation of an increase in prenatal testing .
your post has been removed because it does not contain a submission statement https www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/7m8q75/submission_statements_now_required_for_all_link .
if you think you received this message in error or if you have subsequently added a submission statement please contact the mods through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fconspiracy and include a link to the comment with your submission statement .
this is a bot replies and pms will not receive responses .
we 're at 9 points given up by enes one missed rotation where i 'm not sure whether him or dame was at fault plus a foul on harden .
the last sentence of the first paragraph very heavily implies that he has done this before and was caught
worthiness only makes it where you have a less of a chance of turning into stone and not getting a stand .
i use worthiness 2 incase i get a good stand from an arrow i will not have to use a pure .
i mean it shows they are doing their best to bring prices down .
thank you the costume is not finished yet there are a couple of parts and a lute missing .
here you will soon be able to see the creation process https www.instagram.com/p/cjnq1xbj-fv ? igshid=1japksj1t8n0w ☺️☺️☺️
all top-level comments must be a story or poem .
see reality fiction https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/search ? q=flair 3a 22reality+fiction 22 restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all and simple prompts https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/search ? q=flair 3a 22simple+prompt 22 restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all for stricter titles
be civil https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules wiki_rule_10.3a_be_civil in any feedback and follow the rules https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/writingprompts if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah i assumed as much was just pointing it out i spose .
my god its like you do n't understand money .
if mullens/bethard are better than mannion and soo much better like you said that is a negative on this fo and coaching staff .
they should not be excused for rostering worse players .
i was in missouri at the time but i did n't think kansas would be different .
kai sa was my premade do n't worry xd that 's what made it even funnier
i would n't have pinged that stolen kill there 's a marker and everything .
very good for you just seen your comment on my post .
here i am whenever you want to chat sending you a virtual hug .
she got them a couple seasons ago when they basically had her become acting owner for her mother .
when she let quintrica go she stated that we looked like off contenders .
she doesnt know a thing if she thought we were legit contenders .
i think the organization promoted tomsula instead of fangio .
49er culture must have been toxic back then if baalke wanted a yes man in tomsula .
it hindsight it seems like a promotion he was n't ready for .
even with that property tax is n't it still way cheaper than buying a home in la ?
anyway if you find a way to disable the popups via about config please make a comment here
was the option i read you had to toggle but it might not even be in about config anymore its an old article
did you look up richard wolff or democracy at work on youtube yet ?
technically if they 're going to be releasing more content they have n't lied yet .
and the r1280t is n't a great choice because the r1280db which is only a few bucks more has an optical input .
get the r1280db and position them with some distance between them which of course is not possible with any single-cabinet stereo speaker .
been a long time since i read a comment i related to as much as this .
i 'd be a mix of confused and seething .
he does splash attacks both air and ground and has respectable damage and hitpoints meaning that he 's going to do something everytime you play him down .
however he has not main strong point either and costs 5 elixir .
if you improve every stat he has a decent amount upgrading the card leve he becomes very strong against lower lever decks .
i was a huge kahne fan back in the late 00 's and that 07 season was such a disappointment following the success of 06 .
seemed like they fired off alright the first couple races of the season but the 1-2-3 combo of the daytona penalty fontana blown motor and the vegas wreck to start the year took all the wind out of the sails .
do n't forget the witty/quirky dialogue by dan and joe .
he 's clever and do n't you forget it !
there are still a few of us that wants mikel to stay .
there are some absolute passengers in the squad and board room that will probably be gone in the summer and now it 's just waiting it out
i think that they should add some new quests like some bandits have set up a camp near the bridge area of the bridge and they are obstructing the routes of navigation .
i did n't know that javascript has that as not equal to operator .
and i never said girls ca n't be good coders .
i only said majority of all girls think cs guys are nerds that 's all .
and for some of em being a coder is a huge turn down .
i guarantee this little shit will have the audacity to wonder why no one is visiting him in the nursing home he 'll die in .
the newer ones are perfectly fine as standalone games .
origins and odyssey are the same in that respect just in ancient egypt and greece respectively .
i really love games like uncharted that only take about 10-20 hours to finish .
when i see an interesting game and i hear it 's an open world game it immediately loses points on my personal rating because most open world games are horribly designed .
they just extend the playtime with repeated boring tasks without adding any real value .
you could cut half of the game and would n't lose anything .
have u not seen the trend the f in women stands for funny .
honestly if you can change to another job nogu rm mecha would be great ... devs keeps nerfing sinx class ... if you want to be useful pick another job
planning to keep it at a longer cut though theoretically i feel like i 'd look good short but when it 's actually short ...
what you have displayed is possibly another case of a player not knowing values .
the true question now is if it 's worthy investing into private military companies stocks and other companies that are dod contractors .
obama/biden admininstration has clearly shown us that being democratic and not having a military background is not a reason to oppose the military industrial complex and trump has shown us that prior political experience is not needed to become potus .
there seems to be no indication that these companies will have their market '' reduced .
why not use the chance to get profit with this ?
list of router and firewall distributions https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list of router and firewall distributions
this is a list of router and firewall distributions which are operating systems designed for use as routers and/or firewalls .
about me https np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrn2mj/about_me opt out https np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrti43/opt_out_here op can reply ! delete to delete article of the day https np.reddit.com/comments/k9hx22
this bot will soon be transitioning to an opt-in system .
click here https np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system to learn more and opt in .
just stretch 8.0 10.0 and raise max br to 12.0 .
this is awsome the only thing i could say is the face look a little too clean compare to the skull on his back maybe a thin wash of aggrax could help ?
i wonder if anyone else on this sub has seen c.r.a.z.y
the decision to postpone is based on ratings and money .
manning to tyree to stop pats cheating undefeated season from ending in a super bowl win
which religion does that i know christianity does in church but any other religion ?
upvoted .please up and watch my profile post 1 time .i wonder what you think of my art .
if you climb multiple other problems with the stated grade and it is clearly harder than those other problems you can infer it is harder than those problems and therefore graded wrong .
if i can usually do v5 in a session but a particular v5 takes me an entire season to do it was n't a v5 to start .
now in this case add 10 points idea is still the same .
we only wanted the beautiful bit called elsaß-lothringen and are very sorry about ww i because we didnt really mean it that way
and napoleon invaded us and dissolved the glorious and totally not on its way out
heiliges römisches reich deutscher nation so you in fact made us angry and sparked german nationalism
i do n't think it uses more battery leaving it on .
my carrier bell does supports 5g not yet in my area but i often visit areas with 5g coverage .
not but other species of beings have lived on this planet much longer than modern humans .
surely they are more advanced/intelligent than we give them credit for .
you 're not going to find a sponsor for this job it wo n't meet the requirements for a highly skilled migrant visa .
how about they work alongside master chief to save the universe from cortana lol .
speaking of continuity errors it 's really bothering me that the wisteria vine outside the bridgerton residence has been in perfect bloom for so very long .
i rewired a triumph once that burned just about everything under the bonnet .
14 million americans will lose their unemployment benefits if trump does not sign covid relief legislation today .
mr. president stop playing golf and sign this bill now !
and tell mitch mcconnell to pass legislation to provide 2,000 direct payments to the working class .
14 million americans will lose their unemployment benefits if trump does not sign covid relief legislation today .
mr. president stop playing golf and sign this bill now !
and tell mitch mcconnell to pass legislation to provide 2,000 direct payments to the working class .
14 million americans will lose their unemployment benefits if trump does not sign covid relief legislation today .
mr. president stop playing golf and sign this bill now !
and tell mitch mcconnell to pass legislation to provide 2,000 direct payments to the working class .
i 'm still trying to understand how to make the most of all these visual mods myself .
maybe i can suggest some things based on how it looks ...
they taste nice to me but my mom usually buys like freezepak or the cheapest nugget available at supermarket .
looks like you might poke a hole in the undies ?
i 've done a flying mono run in yellow with me having butterfree pidgeot charizard zapdos dragonite and articuno .
did judys story too have n't beaten the game yet so i do n't know what happens at the end with main characters but i hope they expand with them in future updates !
14 million americans will lose their unemployment benefits if trump does not sign covid relief legislation today .
mr. president stop playing golf and sign this bill now !
and tell mitch mcconnell to pass legislation to provide 2,000 direct payments to the working class .
14 million americans will lose their unemployment benefits if trump does not sign covid relief legislation today .
mr. president stop playing golf and sign this bill now !
and tell mitch mcconnell to pass legislation to provide 2,000 direct payments to the working class .
i could just imagine a bunch of nazis saying 'liberty and justice for all ' then opening the gates to the camps setting everyone free .
a good way to tell the difference in america a jehovah 's witnesses can sit down for the pledge and still be free .
in nazi germany jw 's got put into camps .
for weight gain you do n't need supplements.. you need calories .
track your calorie intake daily and make adjustments until you are gaining .5-1lb a week if you are working out .
weigh yourself everyday at the same time and take the average for the week .
only supplements you should consider would be creatine and supplemental whey protein if you need help hitting your daily protein target .
do n't forget that lovecraft was very very racist and feared every black person to ever exist !
i do n't really need extra boot space but it ca n't hurt .
i dislike that being the meta thing to do but i definitely agree herro is a baller and i wish he had a higher ovr so i could justify slapping a diamond contract and clamps on him by far the best i 've been with a release .
nice one seems like a lot of fun playing with your son d
14 million americans will lose their unemployment benefits if trump does not sign covid relief legislation today .
mr. president stop playing golf and sign this bill now !
and tell mitch mcconnell to pass legislation to provide 2,000 direct payments to the working class .
14 million americans will lose their unemployment benefits if trump does not sign covid relief legislation today .
mr. president stop playing golf and sign this bill now !
and tell mitch mcconnell to pass legislation to provide 2,000 direct payments to the working class .
its actually a political party ad and the way its worded makes it seem like they the party members are the reason women do n't feel safe on delhi roads .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
please note if you are trying to transcribe on reddit mobile you will not be able to copy/paste this footer .
please switch to your mobile browser and copy the footer to a note file on your device .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
whenever i go to a therapist i think they 're lying and trying to brainwash me .
does it ive never felt the desire to buy it .
this info would contribute nothing to whether he 's the ta or not .
some rubber stamps just have a little circle on the end possibly under 1 inch wide .
other rubber stamps can be stored upside down by the handle
maybe thats how it happens ... isac becomes self aware and takes over all of the machine elements on the planet .
including all of the drones sniper dogs and machine gun dogs that the black tusk have.. and we have to join forces with the various factions around the country/world to stop it .
i do n't know why no one has commented on this yet .
i was hooked at the beginning of the first verse with the lackadaisical mood of the vocals .
the whole thing seems to have a this great contrast of a sort of nonchalant attitude expressing something beautiful .
we all know undertale is the og ray tracer that did it right
i once by the grace of god actually fell asleep on an inbound to lga .
those who have been know the approach is over after the whole way to the end .
my friend is 5'7 and skis on 168 he 's kind of a beginner too .
interesting i never thought of adding hazard stripes on the missile launcher just picked up another for cheap on facebook i might have to nab that idea !
my ece advisor was awesome and would email me frequently to make sure i met all the proper deadlines .
when your meme dies in new but someone start looking at it oh !
bes i-pm mo ako kasi gusto ko malaman nangyayari sau san ka na ba ?
dami ko na kwento at im sure ikaw din .
women have these things so as to keep us busy and distracted with beauty concerns and spending money .
this is the way the hobby will keep growing genuinely .
well i do n't have a girlfriend but i have a boyfriend
sadly i ca n't watch tonight but i 'll keep an eye out in the future .
can confirm i 've seen it sold in klongtoei .
otherwise i 've largely seen it sold by itinerant vendors carrying bamboo baskets .
the ones that are on a rod that 's balanced on the shoulder .
so no specific location since they 're transient merchants .
pre-pandemic there was someone walking the thewet sois and market selling khao larm .
close to phloenchit on sukhumvit 1 behind the train tracks there 's a market where i 've seen it sold once .
i do n't go there often so i could n't say if the vendor 's always there but give it a try .
fresh fruits skewers khao larm and other food items are towards the front in the back of the market are secondhand clothes and gadgets .
go there around 11 am when all the stalls are set up .
the 2017 race was one of my favorite of all time
just went for a run and aside from hay fever felt like bees in my nose asthma had my ventolin there i also struggled to keep my heart rate down no matter how slow i ran which was heading into painfully slow territory .
i actually stopped at each end of where i ran to try and get my heart rate down .
these morons are not representative of all of us .
there are plenty of us americans who are still in quarantine from mar .
we will still be here long after these and others like them are gone .
i 'd rip it open with my teef given the opportunity
if i make a mistake and i 'm in the wrong lane for my turn/exit i pass it and figure out how to turn around or detour .
i would never think about just cutting off a bunch of traffic and getting in peoples way so that i can make the turn that i missed because i was paying close enough attention .
it irritate me so much when i see people come to stop on the freeway with their right blinker on trying to get over to the exit because they were in the wrong lane and everyone is having to slam on their brakes from going 70 to stop for them .
that needs to be illegal and if it already is illegal needs to have its fine/points increased .
storylocked limited 3*s are never available during fp summon .
making guys drop passes miss blocks miss coverages and tackles not to mention all of those kicks he 's fucking missed ! !
yep any social network you have friends family ex-colleagues makes it easier to integrate and not feel alone .
we keep assessing other areas of the world and have tried out some places but nothing feels the same or ticks all these boxes as sd
you just then come to accept the higher housing living costs as part of the sunshine tax
u/drooiydog is a verified user at r/areolasgw as evidented by their verified '' user flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/areolasgw if you have any questions or concerns .
the socioeconomic status are vastly different in each of those countries .
yet another illegal thing he did that need to be immediately rolled back by the biden administration .
let nothing of the trump presidency '' if it can be called that remain untouched .
please go research the effects lock up expo had on peleton .
jack shit there was a dip but those who sold at expo definitely fomo 'd back in with their paper hands .
ca n't even drop 315 points in a game without missing a shot .
sorry i mistook this thread to be in r/pornfree .
if you watch porn i highly recommend you quit .
i stopped reading their financial statements after i sold but one thing they did on their earnings was when they got a contract for say 10'years they would count all the owed on that contract for that quarter alone when they may have just got one payment only .
i think that 's part of why they were investigated but they beat the charges so yea .
i bought into tan plug icln blink and canadian solar for my green energy stocks
8 years too i can´t stop contact because of kids and she´s seeing someone else and even after two years it still hurts to the point where i can´t sleep properly or date other women .
i wish i could give you advice but the best i´ve got is try to occupy your mind with other things like getting in shape or your job and stay away from her if you can .
you have not started your post with one of our specified tags or have used improper tags in your post .
please make sure your title begins with a tag and that your tag is formatted properly .
see the sidebar for more information about tags and review the formatting guidelines http www.reddit.com/r/actrade/wiki/rules wiki_permitted_posts_and_tagging_guidelines in our wiki .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/actrade if you have any questions or concerns .
well the fact that there is precedent in ruling state level ec systems as unconstituional makes is harder to overturn i 'd assume
mass market stills primes sell a lot more than cine primes so the price tag mostly reflects differences in the housing/mechanics that are n't paid for by large volume sales .
you need more than 2500 total karma to post here .
read this for an explanation of post vs comment karma
in the meantime feel free to post your oc memes in r/specialsnowflake to gain entry before you reach 2500
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't think i could afford one of these cards let alone all of them together 😂
love to see the rj in there as a secret knicks fan lol
a lot of eating disorders are contingent on assigning moral weight to calories .
how is assuring people who are stressed about the amount of calories they 'll consume during the holidays that it 's okay to celebrate with food not an ed experience ?
i did 2lb stir fry meat 1 bunch asparagus 1.5 cups teensy potatoes cut into 1 '' chunks .
stir in marinade of choice i usually use a black pepper bottled one and air roast for 30 minutes at 400 .
i agree with your conclusion but your scenario is unrelated .
even if you whiff the shatterdive if you froze the dude you still have an easy kill lined up .
not quite as free '' but a cooldown literally would not change how this plays out 95-99 of the time .
oh no i 've read here to not buy it full priced so i waited for it to go on sales 😅
number 1 is in quarantine 2 was pulled 3 could n't even travel to canada because of covid ...
because we want to make the end users feel superior in thier idiocy
this is a r6 sub not a minecraft sub smh
when it 's decyphered it says there 's no god .
we humans are n't the center of the universe and there are others like us.
then on the backside is super hard cypher including random numbers and and same cyoher language as the other cypher but lacking logic saying i mean what i said .
also this plate has cencors in it scanning your fingerprints and a built in sim sending the data to assassins .
if you try to sell this plate you die .
if you try to destroy this plate you die . ''
then on the side there 's super small cyphered text saying just kidding .
but it 's not cool to sell this plate or destroying it . ''
on the bottom it says from joe to the world .
take my wisdom and use it as you wish . ''
and then there 's text woth the zodiac cypher saying i 'd love to see my family together but i lost that chance a long time ago .
r/nonewnormal is really one of the most disappointing subs to exist met a person there who legitimately thought that wearing masks can be more traumatic to minors than their relatives dying of covid .
this person even tried comparing it to child grooming and rape though he stated that it 's not as bad still the comparison was inaccurate .
i felt that larry nance was everywhere for me though i was pissed because i tried hard to get him when he first came out and nothing 😂
reconstruction but better and more but he was rather dead so ...
raising an animal in a pen and having it live in a highly controlled space with no chance of escape is not and will never be anything close to hunting .
in another thread someone said dolphins were just gay sharks
do n't forget they update their portfolios all the time .
i 'm unable to advance the schedule on ps5 mid way through the second season .
perhaps unrelated to your experience with crashes but mynba has been unplayable for me recently .
lw mack c mario rw gretz i always play them on their off hand for short side wristers .
if you put lefties at lw and righties at rw try switching it .
ah fuck i forgot renfrow plays for the raiders .
as a clemson fan this game is going to be bitter sweet for me .
i was around their age when teenmom first started and i was really curious .
the only reason i did n't watch it is because i was n't allowed .
i remember 2 or 3 years ago magic were like 6-2 and r/nba was like ... whoa are the magic legit ? ended the year with 25-57 .
so basically ssris snris and a few other drugs like atomoxetine .
but since i switched to an snri shortly after that i doubt he 'd let me try it .
there are so many slum lord stories that it 's nice to read these .
my husband and i have also had good landlords but they certainly have n't taken any money off rent .
i think at this point it 's just contrarian .
tes and avatar were borrowing elements for fantasy not representing reality .
mulan is representing reality and borrowing elements from other realities for no reason .
i would only believe it if the person in question actually has any familiarity with russian history and culture .
there are true idiots who use the opposition to putin something i earnestly agree with btw so no i am not pro-russian government to be truly nasty about the people .
i can not be nasty when there are important figures in my life who are russians and are very important to me and when for me several people become like family for me .
i had ded moroz in my life as far back as i remember .
it 's always much easier to extend what should be political opinions upon the entire people and be in simplest term racist about it .
i may also add that a lot of anti-russian people bile often goes up in flames if a foreigner actually becomes acquainted with a russian and actually learns something from actual russians .
here 's a big however i see a disturbing amount of comments talking about western opposition to russian expansion of influence that ignore the real issues .
the way that russia has tried to expand its influence is already cause for concern but fact that so many of those comments try to excuse the autocratic nature of putin 's government does n't help especially with the stereotype held by many westerners that russians are a people consigned to autocratic rule and that many are jingoistic and seek to cause trouble with neighbours over irredentism and protection of unrecognised statelets that function as nothing more than external parts of russia 's government .
also for those trying to defend russia 's international ambitions and lack of democratic tradition an ideal autocracy does n't work to kill opponents as that suggests that the opponent is already at the point of being influencial among enough people .
also it strikes me as odd that the most significant foreign policy actions taken in the past 30 years have been adventures into georgia and ukraine either setting up occupying puppet governments or outright occupying an entire peninsula .
please enlighten me on how these actions are not aggressive .
the same goes for pridnestrovye which exists entirely on the security of the russian army detachment stationed there .
to sum things up the racists extend the criticism of russian aggression and repression to the people .
the people who do n't are often people who actually do know something about russia and are well acquainted with russian culture and custums .
often they admire the language culture literature and other diverse and beautiful aspects of russian culture .
it is worth calling out the fools who make the blanket descriptions of russians .
it 's worth doing so with everyone who does so with any group ethnic cultural or whatever else .
a note i 'm sure i am going to get a lot of flak for this .
my flair tells where i live and my background of where i came from .
but understand that as the years went by i emerged from the opinion of putin wants to defend all russians regardless of borders '' to putin is a jingoistic jackass who takes advantage of irredentism and soviet nostalgia to be an absolute cunt to everyone '' .
r5 exactly one year ago today the chinese rework https old.reddit.com/r/kaiserreich/comments/egeidz/kaiserreich_beta_010_blood_on_the_yangtze_is_out released after spending several years in development it took so long that exactly when is disputed with some claiming around 2014 is when it began and others as early as 2012 .
it was by far kaiserreich 's most ambitious project involving the complete overhaul of 20 tags and the rework of some of kaiserreich 's oldest lore .
i showed here just how much kaiserreich for hearts of iron 4 has changed since release including an image of china in version 0.1 alpha a recreation of how it looked just before the rework in 0.9 alpha i could n't find a work copy of that version to take a direct screenshot and lastly a picture of china in its present state .
what do you think of the current state of china compared to its predecessors ?
also consider this first as a hobby for a while since you are still busy .
if not active on streaming just try active on twitter and reddit if you dont feel streaming for a while .
once you feel have great connections of friends or gain confidence redebut .
introduce yourself as you are talking with your friends .
think of it the only people who are watching are your friends for a while .
btw promote your redebut if you plan to by changing/adding to twitter name a date of redebut .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
you have failed to ask a question in your title
your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title .
double check everything including punctuation and try posting again .
if you 're wanting to tell a story or explain something please try r/self .
if you 're needing advice of any kind try r/advice
if you 're looking for a fact based answer try r/answers
if you 're looking for something that has slipped your mind try r/tipofmytongue .
anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs .
if you need more clarification or feel this was an error please contact the mods and provide a link to this post thanks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
how did gary ridgway get away with what he did when he was so stupid ? ''
coworkers have commented on how he was given the harder jobs where he worked as a truck painter because he was really good at it .
iq tests do n't matter much for anybody but they certainly were n't designed for dyslexics raised in the 50s/60s
for example the first 100 maki you get 2 shards and you 100 another maki to get 1 shard you only get the 2 shards at the end .
you ca n't say better to ask forgiveness than permission '' and then also try to say you thought they 're was an exception for fiancees .
either you knew you were wrong it you did n't .
also i 'm super tired of people being policed for how they apply their boundaries .
your cousin gets to have boundaries they get to modify or make exceptions for an old family friend turned family member 's fiance you do not .
i 'm 2/3 there i can program somewhat and play chess with a rating of 2000 chess com at 16 .
i learnt all of them at different times but as far as i know they utilise different parts of your brain .
programming while it does seem like a language mostly utilises the math part of your brain .
chess for some reason is seen as the epitome of inate intelligence '' which it 's definitely not .
it depends heavily on pattern recognition and heuristics both of which can be developed with time and practice .
it 's easiest to play chess really well if you 're relatively young and have a lot of time with 3 months of practice you should be able to beat your non chess friends 19/20 times and within a year you can participate in tournaments and compete semi professionally .
programming and learning a new language are definitely more of a long term deal but then again it depends on your goal .
as a native english speaker spanish should be easier than say japanese .
you should start off with programming and recreational chess in between and slowly incorporate spanish into the mix .
dm me if you 're interested in playing/learning chess i can help with that .
fr that man was guarding the oxygen in the air on that last play .
how are you gon na give the hottest shooter in the floor any space ?
make no mistaken this is about warmth and no more .
my two favorite companions are hancock and nick too .
i love their dialogue options and they both have interesting and compelling backgrounds .
so are we just going to keep going around and around like this ?
ya know this would make a perfect argument when it comes to books vs movies and why books do a better job explaining character motivations .
you get really invested into the characters you connect with including silver hand depending how you treat him .
this must be the eye of the storm ... no audio breezy
always pull up a youtube play through when you get stuck .
you need to attach a bluetooth controller to the guest i.e .
by usb then the guest can use that controller to connect to the keyboard and trackpad .
edit for the keyboard you can do it as you say and pass it through like any other emulated keyboard device but you ca n't do that with the trackpad or magic mouse since qemu 's dumb emulated mouse device is n't rich enough to capture that input it does n't support any apple-specific features .
sadly chester draw is pretty common in craigslist postings in the south .
conversion wise it is but when you live there it 's really not the same due to cost of living .
it 's a surprise to be sure but a welcome one .
this has the elements of what should be my favorite movie romantic longing 1950s new york jazz tessa thompson .
i was sold on this movie from the moment i learned about it .
the production design costumes score cinematography and tessa thompson are all gorgeous .
and the soundtrack is excellent though that 's kind of to be expected given the period .
but the overstuffed plot prevents the characters from being fully developed and does n't allow for the whole film to coast on the vibes alone .
it does carry the first half of the movie which is very lovely .
the whole giving him the toy while he bites does n't work for my puppy .
even if i get angry and say no stop he still bites 😫😫 and it 's same with me i 'm the one he 's biting not my brother or sister .
it lets you fucking hover ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
why the fuck is there only one god damn mod for this shit in that sunovabitch 's back alley botch jobs ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
fuck you judy fuck you and your stupid fucking mission ! ! ! ! ! !
been eyeing up a nicer edc for months and decided to pull the trigger on this at cabelas .
life is still hard but things can get better if other people help !
it 's so hot watching the girl in red tear those pants off the other girl and lick her ass and pussy so deep !
i would not open with uppercuts standing that close to a hooker .
they 'd be easy to set up on him coming in but you 'd have to start the work from way further out .
they absolutely have a chance to win a championship but of course they 're not favorites .
no way embiid and harden gets past the nets but with ben and hot shooters we have a chance .
this is sort of like saying what happens when you fill the biggest hole in the world with a giant mound of dirt ? answer flat ground .
a lot of grocery items are private label tbh .
i 'm pretty sure all generic brands of food are the same brand .
a lot of the cost of food items goes into packaging and marketing .
they do n't change their packaging or really advertise any more so they do n't have to foot that bill .
which is why i think people who refuse generics are silly .
you 'd be surprised how often people do n't want the generic thinking it 's a lower quality than the name brand shit .
dont look back and lost in america are two of my absolute favorite films period and i do n't think they 're properly seen enough .
automod the following is a copy of the above post .
this comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
i 'm watching a movie with my headphones on it 's the loud final fight scene in ww84 .
he knows i am watching this movie with my headphones on because our computers are right next to each other .
all of a sudden i get a message that says thanks for ignoring me and i respond what ?
i did n't mean to then i take my headphones off and ask what he wanted and then he refuses to talk to or look at me .
i leave my desk bc i was uncomfortable and now getting upset and texted him saying i 'm watching a movie with my headphones on and have discord muted .
do n't assume i was ignoring you i just did n't hear you
i asked if he genuinely thought i could hear him and chose not to respond and reminded him that i messaged him saying that i did n't mean to paused the movie took off my headphones and asked what he wanted immediately after i got the message .
then i just get a k so i say we need to have a real talk about this and then i get accused of being the one of not wanting to have a real talk bc i did n't show any interest in what he has to say but i feel like i literally did that as soon as he messaged me accusing me of ignoring him .
so aita bc i do n't feel like i am but who fucking knows
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
i think u/lezoux is talking about the appmedia tier list which allows you to sort by single target aoe and supports .
my old boy instilled researching everything from a young age lol it can be a curse though as i tend to be super indecisive until i have all the info hahaha but when i see this stuff i will save it and throw it up on the sub so that info is there for the tribe
what is this sex you speak of and how do you get it ?
but where are you going to be spending most of your time playing ?
i spend maybe 2 hours every other week in the abyss .
why would i care about how strong '' a character is instead of how fun they are to play ?
when childe was on banner i skipped because while he could be a dps machine i did n't like how he played .
i rolled for albedo and zhongli because they looked fun as hell to play .
comparing for character strength is one thing but there are people on this subreddit who claim that the most important reason to pull for a character is how strong '' they are using the abyss as the justification .
i literally ca n't wrap my head around why given how little time is spent in the abyss .
do all these other players spend most of their game time in abyss ?
they never went to sanctuary so ros-chi never made it snow .
i have the feeling that 's not the first time she 's done this .
lmao apparently you 've never used a sub irrigated living soil setup .
maybe try switching to storage bins filled with straw !
i recently turned 17 but i 'm still basically 13-14 mentally .
it 's kind of hard since people are expecting me to act like an adult now even though i do n't feel even remotely close to being one .
so this sometimes makes me think that there 's something wrong with me .
i usually just pretend to be mature when i 'm around people in real life .
i was wondering if anyone else has a much different mental age than their actual one .
i 've been trying to finish this game with no spoilers as i love the story so when i look it up the advice is always read the data pads go deeper '' .
i 've started this game maybe five to ten times because i play for a while take a break then when i come back i forget where i 'm at in the storyline and then ca n't figure out where to go next .
i 'm at the point where i do n't care about spoilers anymore i just wan na know where to go .
i lastly went to the lost river but i do n't know where to go after that .
i either did n't find a clue as to where to go or i forgot .
i 've found the island with an alien base too but i forget if i 've followed further clues from it or not idk .
i last played last summer so i forget what to do now .
i ca n't keep starting new games every time i get lost in the story how the hell do you follow the storyline without playing the entire game all in one sitting ?
anyone have any issues with a bell home hub 3000 and tp-link ac2600 range extender re650 ?
thinking about picking one up to help with poor signal in my basement but not sure if they 'll even work together .
i just spent 4 days in a camper with my new boyfriend on his parents property .
one day when he left for work i finally decided i could use the bathroom .
fast forward a week later and while on a date he tells me his toilet is n't hooked up to a septic tank and that he had to clean it !
but he did tell me he loved me that night so i guess he forgave me 🥰 talk about getting to know someone pretty quickly
as the title indicates i am looking for a 3060 ti for my new pc however as you know those are out of stock and i bet that in my country it will take a good amount of time until they arrive here
i got my period on december 6 and it was heavy for a few days and it then turned to medium spotting that never stopped and now i think my next period has started ! !
i 'm having cramps and heavy bleeding with lots of clotting .
had an ablation that did n't really work and i have fibroids .
i ca n't see my gyno until the 19th .
my mother says it 's natural it happened to her .
it 's the clotting i hate the most ! ! !
lil jimmy asks mommy why were you doing bouncing up and down on daddys stomach last night.. ?
mommy says i have to do that lil jimmy it helps keep daddy skinny or else he gets real fat.. ''
lil jimmy says well thats not going to work.. ''
and lil jimmy says well cause tina the babysitter keeps blowing him back up again ... ''
i was hired under the as classification in which one only requires a high school diploma .
a friend of mine mentioned that i 'm technically working with my high school diploma and not my higher education diploma .
however my tasks and job title require me to use my higher education skill set .
am i entitled to ask for a different position/classification ?
i do n't know who you are or where you are but i started to notice that we 're a lot alike .
if you 're gone it 's not fair that i 'm here and you 're not .
as the title reads i had a facetime call with danielle .
a friend who is related to her set it up for a christmas present .
i was n't going to be a dick so i just asked about her experience doing it .
she said if i 'm ever in sandusky we could go out to dinner .
making a new char and i rolled 8 str 10 dex 18 con 11 int 15 wis and 11 cha .
i 'm allowed to swap any 2 ability scores with eachother and starts at level 5 .
due to playing a moon druid in another campaign i 'm in i 'm avoiding druid .
my current front runner is a tortle samurai fighter with magic initiate druid to get shillelagh and maybe swapping the wis and con but wondering if there is something even odder that 'll be effective .
im working on a mashup of bleed it out and blackout called black it out and i need an audio file of bleed it out but vocals only .
i did n't nut for 1 week now hope i can last
what if arthur never died at the end of rdr2 and escaped then john was told to hunt arthur down at the start of red dead 1 ?
i already saw jgrxxn 's story and crim 's basically my understanding is that jgrxxn wants to get paid for using his voice in o'pana ?
iv been requesting a refund return since day one .
iv called them and chatted with them multiple times on their support platform .
they alway claim to wait 24 hours for the email to arrive .
iv contacted them 5 times and they keep saying the same thing .
first off i am not the most tech savvy person and looking at cpus has my head spinning .
i currently have a ryzen 3rd gen middle of the road cpu with included fan not exactly sure which one as i am not by my pc at the moment cpu and i am looking to upgrade it to run games better .
and could use some help figuring out what cpu to get and how to install it .
other info i mostly run warzone and the new black ops .
i can get about 60 frames on med settings but would really like to have more .
the season one update on cold war has messed with my game and i ca n't get over 55 frames no matter the settings .
i also recently got a second monitor so i 'm not sure how much more of a toll a dual monitor setup takes on a system but would love to run this seamlessly .
tldr need a new cpu for running mostly aaa game titles and need help deciphering what to get .
abortion pills in lows creek https preview.redd.it/g48yl4frix761.png ? width=728 format=png auto=webp v=enabled s=50e1342f11270fc88d4f0de8c591c1017571c6be
abortion pills in lows creek whatsapp or call 27769939069 our lows creek abortion clinics is able to perform the same day safe and pain-free abortion pills procedure in patients from 12 to 16 weeks .
the process is started and completed in 4 to 5 hours .
we have performed the same day medical abortion in lows creek mpumalanga .
for over 10 years but surgical abortion in lows creek is done at our premises we also do free abortion pills delivery .
lets talk about the fact that even though its just a plushie and there will probably be a real fan made ones people still going to use the plushie for the purpose it was made for
something like bestgore with like suicides and murders and shit
edit why 's everyone so mean to me ... . '
i 've been in a few different online groups over the past 5 or so years .
i helped out i talked to everyone i was always in chat i always joined in on things .
i 'm not naturally a social person at all i 'm very shy but i tried .
and every time for one reason or another the group would fall apart and i 'd just be forgotten .
nobody messaging me or inviting me to something new .
so i 'd move on to another and repeat the process .
i just do n't understand what i could 've done better .
i have n't tried again at all this year i just do n't want to fail and be forgotten again .
it still really depresses and bothers me and i 'm really alone now .
symptoms came on rapidly two months ago fatigue burning skin sensation tingling itchy bladder and bowel issues gait balance spasms spasticity .
at onset b12 was tested and came back low .
was first time b12 was tested so do n't know if that reading is typical for me .
after two months treatment with no abatement in symptoms next step is with neuro .
there is some swelling on both feet below the ankle bone .
feet and ankles are sore area of swelling is not .
i think this area is called the malleolus but may be wrong about that .
often wear socks so unsure how long it has been there .
showed to podiatrist urgent care doctor and neither were concerned since no impression left when press on it .
do any of you have swelling in this area ?
i am 7 months pregnant and my mom has no idea because she is n't fond of the guy i 'm having a child with .
long story short we used to use together and one day he blacked out high off xan and became abuse/violent towards me and also did some damage to my grandmother 's house when she was out of town .
we both are sober now and have a way better healthier relationship .
he has a great stable job and we live together now .
i already know my mom will be very upset that i 've kept it from her for this long .
i am just wondering what would be the best way to tell her and what would also be the best way for him to approach my mom also .
i advised maybe an apology letter first and foremost .
schools starts next week for and all i 've been doing during the quarantine is chatting to people watching memes and scrolling through reddit for 7-10 hours besides the daily chores and the occasional gaming or drawing .
i ca n't seem to get out of the phone and i really have no fucking idea what to do besides that .
i bought books to provide my brain at least some critical thinking but i usually read at midnight and my brain would be too scattered to concentrate .
i really have nothing to look forward to in school not even friends besides going back home .
life has just became so monotonous and uninspired and i feel either average or shit .
what the fuck should i do to reclaim that spark i once had ?
posted this yesterday in the xbox series x sub but it looks like the bot removed it i guess maybe that was the wrong sub since it 's more xbox one centric and so trying here .
learned the hard lesson on the carefulness to exercise when buying new games for xbox and perhaps recognizing a big shortcoming/frustration of buying and using games for the next gen xbox .
have a new xbox series x and have an existing xbox one x in our home 's gaming eco-system .
purchased a digital copy of nba 2k 2021 for xbox series x paid 69 thinking it would also allow the xbox one x to download it for play on it as well since game was registered under same gamertag account .
but turns out that 's not the case and even though it 's a digital copy that particular game can only be played on the xbox series x .
no option to download and play the purchase on the xbox one x unless i buy the game again .
perhaps i 'm missing something important i should be doing to get the game to also download without paying for another copy on the xbox one x .
but if not this random interoperability or lack thereof for games between the xbox systems requires those buying a game to be played on both console systems to be very careful and do research in order to get the correct version and/or manage expectations .
ideally in time more game developers will make these games work on both consoles like some developers are already doing e.g .
cod cold war so only one purchase has to be made .
or allow for a 10 post-game purchase add-on to activate cross platform interoperability/enhancement .
in the interim is there a good cheat sheet to know what version of a game to buy so it works on both platforms and the best source to purchase from to get that interoperability e.g .
for a particular game buy it on ms site because it includes an extra digital code for a different version of the game ?
i got the 2 videos i was looking for .
but does anyone know if there 's a broadway or pre-broadway videos that have the opening ?
the musical pre-broadway boston august 19 2018 closing night sunsetblvd79 's master
december 2019 with aaron tveit christian karen olivo satine or january 2020 with aaron tveit christian amber ardolino u/s satine
i already have the january one with ashley loren as satine .
i can trade for it although my collection is still very limited .
soooo drop me a pm and let 's talk clean or dirty or let 's play some games or just be flirty or naughty unless you wan na go straight to the point it 's as you want unless you want daddy to control you 👀 whatever see you in my dm 🙊 👀
i was recently thinking about getting a liquid cooler and i was n't sure if the h510i fan controller could fit all 4 fans ?
i currently have the 2 original fans and i think the fan controller can only fit 3 fans ?
i am not too sure how the fan controller works should i be worried that the liquid cooler fans wo n't have enough ports and do i need a fan splitter ?
i had an original acer chromebook from about 6 or 7 years ago but the duet is my new daily driver .
i just got a duet and am planning on getting a usi stylus pretty quickly as well .
i sell flooring for a living and have to do measures of clients rooms .
i used to use a pencil and graph paper for years and upgraded to a galaxy tab a with a basic rubber stylus .
i 've been using microsoft office app and just using that to draw in pdf .
i really just need a simple app that can either provide a graph paper like canvas so i can sketch the room or one that i can draw on a pdf of graph paper .
i 'd like it to auto straighten lines or allow me to just draw a straight line .
it does n't need to be to scale at all .
i 've tried apps like room sketcher floor planner etc .
i literally just need a drawing app that can do straight lines on graph paper .
so i 'm a m and only lost the v card a few months ago with my current gf .
she is experienced and very understanding tho she admits that i am naturally good '' or at least i was at the start .
we are both a bit on the chubby side but we 've each lost significant weight before meeting each other .
we 've had lots of good sex and we have sex quite often .
but for the last several times i 've struggled maintaining an erection and frequently go soft in between positions .
i think a big problem is that i 'm so judgemental of myself and the way i look especially during sex .
she loves the way i look and of course i love her body but it is so difficult to get over the self-hatred and insecurity of my figure .
i guess i 'm looking for advice on how to keep focus away from myself during sex ?
https discord.gg/vnjsub9 https discord.gg/vnjsub9 for info on free lobbies and giveaways🎉 https discord.gg/vnjsub9 visit site to purchase products gtamodders.com http gtamodders.com 🔒
easy fast safe 🔒✔️4 years experience✔️0 ban rate✔️fast orders ! 500 reviews w proof we can mod steam rock star and epic game accounts !
i played the free week trial for black desert and when it expired i wanted to go buy it to keep playing but when i go on the psn store it says i own the game and ca n't buy or play it .
if anyone has any advice on how to fix it i would greatly appreciate it .
i got fire tablet 10 maybe a week ago .
everything has been fine up until 2 days ago i keep getting the moisture notification even though there is zero moisture in the charge port .
i bought a new charging cable and it worked for about a day and now it 's back to the same moisture notification .
i thought about factory resetting it but i 'm not even sure if that will work .
this is the only issue i 've had with this .
over the last few months i have realised that my inability to read french and german is stymying my intellectual development .
this is in contrast to my school years were both were my worst subjects and i wished to be freed from them .
the methods employed at my school did not work for me but i now find myself wishing to be able to read both .
to come to the point of this rambling post what are good methods to learn how to read french and eventualy german ?
it seems to me that the audience of this subreddit would be able to give a satisfying answer .
for my current campaign i 'm playing the new monk subclass the astral self .
it 's really cool and i 've got a pretty nice character design so i 'd love to see someone draw him .
here comes my kalashtar monk of the astral self .
so for a bit of background kalashtar are highly disciplined and trained in the manner of the mind and have great psychic powers .
they tend to talk using psychic links and are essentially perfect for an astral self monk .
because an astral self monk is a monk who has such immensive ki and psychic energy inside of them that they can manifest it into a physical form .
my character a timid and cautious kalashtar who talks primarily through his mind link is contrasted with his wild side a wild spirit manifested of pure energy that leads him through battle .
he is a pretty strong character as well as enjoyable to role play so i 'm hoping i can get some art and help visualize him better
he has long black hair which he‘ll keep up on his head in a tight bun think mulan
he looks to be of an asian or arabic background with a light brownish skin tone
he wears dark red robes with a blue trim similar to those of a tibetan monk
as is custom for many monks in real life he has ceremonial black tattoos down his back arms and hands
he wields no weapons and just stands in a defensive position
note the spirits kalashtars have are called quori and that 's what the astral self design here is based off of
the large tentacle like clawed arms of a quori are manifested on either side of him at shoulder height when he has his astral self active
these arms would ideally be a faint light orangish color
the visage of the astral self covers his face looking like a somewhat transparent wooden smiling mask and would be an even light orange than the arms
i 'm really happy with the design and i think he 'd be pretty fun to draw .
i 've tried to draw him myself but i really ca n't draw at all .
it 's a new subclass to dnd so if you 'd like to pioneer the field of drawing this class please be my guest .
even if you do n't decide to draw him please upvote off you think it 's a cool idea so that other artists might see this request .
that 's all i 've got to say thanks for your time !
i know this might be an odd question but i was wondering about dm usage when taking off angles .
oftentimes this situation happens i dm my rein into the fight and then immediately take an off angle to the side or above .
usually there is a dps on that off angle that focuses me and i use my dm that has recharged maybe a 3rd or half to stop that dps .
maybe hanzo started shooting me with storm arrows for example .
i then return to my team as i have no more defense for myself on that particular off angle .
the issue is that i 'm not sure if i should be saving dm for when return to my team or using it as stated above .
i find when i come back to my team my rein dies and i am wishing i saved dm instead of using it selfishly on the off angle .
i know you ca n't force yourself to get over someone but i 'm feeling pretty sick of being stuck .
it 's been months of taking time to myself aimlessly swiping through dating apps taking to new people ... you get the general idea .
but no new hobby or person or lack of person is actually helping and i 'm so so so tired .
i does n't help that it was n't the healthiest relationship so i 'm still processing everything but i feel like i 've given myself enough time .
so i guess i 'm asking for advice on how to move on .
everyone is saying that 's the brothers are out of order but i think they 're in order .
since this album is supposed to be very personal everyone is only seeing the outside and good side of their life .
but if you look from the inside or the side that they will talk about in this upcoming album then the order spells ajr
just wondering if any of you still prefer this to control your apple tv ?
i noticed the apple tv now has a reboot command .
i 'm running a companion remote and i 'm wondering if i should use the bluetooth or the apple tv to control this activity .
i do n't get to come onto reddit as often as i like to lately .
and i find my nsfw videos page inundated with mod approvals and requests and i ca n't keep up with them always .
i 'm looking for 1-2 followers who are experienced and would like to help mod our community .
we just hit 39,000 followers and i want to continue to make this sub a go to place for the best nsfw video content !
must be 18 and able to verify age and identity .
reddit account must be at least 1 year old and have a post history both on general nsfw reddit 's and this sub .
i must be able to reach you via reddit messages for page updates and chats regarding the page .
must have an open mind be sexually open and non-judge mental .
willing to have a chat with me regarding your qualifications .
message me with your age location and a brief explanation of why you want to become a mod here and why you 'd be a good fit .
im only accepting messages regarding mods for the next 4 hours ! !
i purchased both a p24h-20 and a p24q-20 from lenovo and i 'm having some issues getting the monitors to display the same .
when buying the monitors i chose these two because they looked like they would compliment each other nicely seems to me they would have the same panels etc the specs all matched .
first issue my p24h-20 is noticeably dimmer than the p24q-20 .
my spyder x shows that the p24h is only getting 103 cd/m\^2 at maximum brightness the p24q shows 138 cd/m\^2 at maximum brightness both of these seem low but maybe that 's my spyder x being odd .
based on that i 'm thinking it 's the p24h that 's having the issues .
i 'm opening a case with lenovo but wanted to also post here to see if anyone had any ideas while i work with them .
also does anyone know if they will send me a new monitor if it comes to it or will they try to send me a refurb ?
the monitors are 1 week old i 'm not going to be ok with a refurb so if that 's what they will do even though they are new i will just return them and figure out another plan .
i 'm trying to look for any information that i can on a very specific toaster .
that toaster would be the sunbeam radiant control model t-6 automatic drop toaster .
i have only ever seen one of its kind and have found just about no information on or about it anywhere .
i realize this subreddit is fairly small but i hope that does n't get in the way of any information someone might be able to share with me about this potentially rare toaster .
welcome to the weekly dark souls mod announcement and discussion thread !
use of mods whilst connected to the internet can cause you to get banned from online play !
for more information or to continue the discussion visit r/modsouls
to enhance or add new content to the souls games is great fun !
it is important however to understand that mods are against from 's eula/tos so there is a great risk of being banned when using them due to from 's anti-cheat which is deployed in most versions of the souls games .
versions of the games where modding is safe due to no anti-cheat
versions of the games where modding carries a very high risk of being banned
this advice is intended for first-time or relatively inexperienced modders who want to get into modding without risking a ban on their main steam account .
use steam 's family sharing feature to provide your new account with access to your main steam account 's game library .
install games to be used with the new account in a separate directory .
once you 've found your mods be sure to read and follow the mod author 's instructions carefully prior to installation .
enjoy the fun and interesting experiences offered by mods !
be sure to remove all file components of the mod before going back online !
be sure to check the r/darksouls3/wiki page where you can find community-created tips and research threads .
you only need 10 karma within r/darksouls3 to contribute .
i had to crunch for about 3 group assignments i was pretty much bottlenecking everyone .
all my fault entirely to put it in griffy 's word i 'm cursed '' or at least i feel that way .
just last night i was extremely stressed and just hating myself cuz i left like 15 homework i have n't done another assignment i forgot and one more i have n't done yet but i have time for a circular test i do n't know why the fuck a real test that actually matters .
but then for some reason this morning i felt really calm .
and it was n't like i 'm at peace with the universe or something like that it was like all my worries were n't there anymore .
i thought finally the spell is broken i 'm back to normal .
then i start thinking bout it i have n't done much of anything to mediate my stress or really much of the work i 've been stressing about so why am i relaxed ?
then a voice says you 're all better now why ruin it ?
this is how you do it just stop worrying . ''
that said i still feel it 's not normal looking it up people say different things maybe i 've accepted death maybe my hormones lined up in the perfect way maybe just caught up on sleep .
all of these arent really my situation tho so i 'm not sure what else it could be .
edit i 've also been very tired maybe not sure but i 've been emotionally exhausted and somehow that made me physically exhausted like i 'll get mad and sleep for 6 hours get up do jack shit for 5 hours and get back to sleep .
edit the second oh no i put in context like a fan going too fast looks kinda like a stationary fan or some shit and now its coming back fuck
also thinking back it was n't right after i was awake i fucked up breakfast and red my messages then i was calm
apple just announced that they will be releasing the new apple car in 2028 or soon !
the aunty donna team was at a grocery store in washington dc one of their stops on their tour .
they spotted george washington and said hi and told him how cool it was to meet him in person and how he created the constitution but they did n't want to be a douche and bother him and ask him for photos or anything .
aunty donna was taken aback and all they could say was huh ? but george kept cutting them off and going huh ?
huh ? and closing his hand shut in front of their faces .
they walked away and continued with my shopping and they heard george chuckle as they walked off .
when they came to pay for my stuff up front they saw george trying to walk out the doors with like fifteen milky ways in his hands without paying .
the girl at the counter was very nice about it and professional and was like sir you need to pay for those first. at first george kept pretending to be tired and not hear her but eventually turned back around and brought them to the counter .
when she took one of the bars and started scanning it multiple times george stopped her and told her to scan them each individually to prevent any electrical infetterence and then turned around and winked at the aunty donna team .
i do n't even think that 's a word .
after she scanned each bar and put them in a bag and started to say the price george kept interrupting her by yawning really loudly .
i always try to find replacement foam filters for my vacuum but the only place i can find them are on generic vacuum filter websites where you look up your vacuum brand .
why ca n't they sell the filters in target and other retailers ?
also it 's not like target does n't sell filters/replacements for other devices water filtration and air purifiers all have replacement filters available for purchase so why not vacuum cleaners ?
the pro kabaddi 2021 season 8 gujarat fortune giants teams have been declared .
gujarat has very good defenders from other pkl teams .
gujarat fortune giants ' performance is decent performance in pkl past seasons .
the owner of gujarat fortune giants is adani wilmar ltd. now the team is led by sunil kumar and head coached by manpreet ...
if it 's alright i 'd like to ask for a list of games well known and not to add to my download list .
this is all i can think of rn thanks in advance
is there any way i can play with just me and my 1 friend i do n't wan na play a public server because i do n't wan na get griefed but if i play dedicated server i ca n't play with him and if i play on the other one i forget the name my game just freezes
my pc started overheating ever since i started playing call of duty cold war .
i also noticed it was making some noises that sounder like water .
the pc works fine idle or browsing the internet during games the cooler fan will start spinning faster and making noise .
also noticed the cable in the pictures was disconnected .
i connected it but not sure if it belongs there it comes out from the cpu .
i tried playing the game with the cable connected but it 's still heating up .
three days ago i changed the cpu paste and dusted the liquid cooler fan and cod worked fine it would be around 75-85 ' celsius while most other games were around 40-60c any ideas what the problem is ?
this is the cable that was disconnected for a few days https ibb.co/gtpt7wj https ibb.co/gtpt7wj
welcome to the weekly dark souls mod announcement and discussion thread !
use of mods whilst connected to the internet can cause you to get banned from online play !
for more information or to continue the discussion visit r/modsouls
to enhance or add new content to the souls games is great fun !
it is important however to understand that mods are against from 's eula/tos so there is a great risk of being banned when using them due to from 's anti-cheat which is deployed in most versions of the souls games .
versions of the games where modding is safe due to no anti-cheat
versions of the games where modding carries a very high risk of being banned
this advice is intended for first-time or relatively inexperienced modders who want to get into modding without risking a ban on their main steam account .
use steam 's family sharing feature to provide your new account with access to your main steam account 's game library .
install games to be used with the new account in a separate directory .
once you 've found your mods be sure to read and follow the mod author 's instructions carefully prior to installation .
enjoy the fun and interesting experiences offered by mods !
be sure to remove all file components of the mod before going back online !
be sure to check the r/darksouls2/wiki page where you can find community-created tips and research threads .
you only need 10 karma within r/darksouls2 to contribute .
cyberpunk in 5120x1440p has the issue that the minimap and hud on the right disappears soon as something shows up on the left side of the screen .
however if i end the game in 1024x768 or 1920x1080p in windowed mode to make it start with it and then set it to 5120x1440p fullscreen the minimap does not disappear .
i know thats not ideal but until it gets fixed via patch that seems to be the best option to run it with 5120x1440p without the disappearing minimap/mission objective .
just bought the game and took the best part of two days to diagnose why it kept crashing to desktop because neither the game or windows told me i was running out of virtual memory in fact there was no error message at all but the crashes were mainly happening when a mission had loaded .
lowering the settings and not using vr kept the game running a bit longer but it would always crash after a few minutes .
the crashes were being caused by my page file stuck at 5gb it was set to automatic but windows would n't expand it as there was n't much free disk space .
i cleared some disk space and set my page file to a fixed 16gb and this has stopped the crashes !
i was blaming the game or frostbite engine for being unstable when most of the blame actually goes to windows .
memory management is up to the os and it should give a highly visible warning when unable to allocate or expand virtual memory this would have saved me a lot of time figuring out the problem .
there might be optimisation possible if the game is trying to allocate more memory than it needs though .
the game now plays very smoothly at 90fps in vr after tweaking the settings and my specs are fairly modest .
core i5 8400 8gb ddr4 2400 geforce rtx 2060 oculus rift cv1 .
thanks to the devs for an amazing immersive experience !
i used to like some of their songs but seeing everyone hate on them so much forced me out of listening to them ever again
bought a psvr set a few years ago for my wife and after a few days i tried it out .
i played job simulator and some horror rollercoaster shooting game for about 4 hours straight .
it was fun and a real unique experience i got a little nausea but not enough to stop me from playing .
as soon as i took off the headset everything felt weird .
reality seemed weird and i kept staring at my hands and having a light vertigo sensation .
my wife said it looked like i was stoned .
i 've used vr several times since then and occasionally get this sensation afterwards but it passes after a few minutes .
i worked it for a smaller school division maybe 10 buildings 2000 students across all grades .
it staff consisted of 5 techs two grunts me 2 database software 1 network server a secretary and a manager .
we didnt have funding for contracting out jobs so i learned a lot hanging projectors from various ceilings running cable patch panels hardware replacement purchasing orders .
seriously with such a small group anything i wanted to try was on the table .
connor mcmichael owes the team an apology for the showboat failure on a breakaway only one goal up in the third .
if i were coach he 'd sit unless he makes an apology first thing after this game .
click here to send a pm to this user https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=faustianist
someone also needs to be on their phone until the very last second and then forget to turn it off so it rings during the film .
let 's make one thing perfectly clear i 'm gon na say some words down here i have n't had the chance to say before ... .
i 'm gon na say the n '' word .
shit like this is why i 'm in love with this sub .
yeah i did n't knew about her either but i really like her !
she has a warm and nice vibe that i like
you can get eye serum for lightening and brightening .
i been using 100 pure eye cream with coffee bean
eat more tomatoes because of the high vitamins and water content
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't think jesus came to support one political system over another .
if you take either system capitalism or socialism to the extreme you wind up with an oppressive society that violates the dignity and freedom of the poor and weak .
jesus ' message is clear love the lord your god with all your heart and love your neighbor as yourself .
no one piece is planned to end in less than 5 years
i feel bad for him because of all the injuries that crippled his potential to be elite .
it would fall since the wings would n't have enough lift to keep it up .
it would also lose control since the control surfaces will have no lift either and the plane would probably tumble a bit if it was n't already pointed in the right direction .
also when you think of a spacecraft re-entering the atmosphere it 's more difficult since they were in orbit meaning they were going about 17,000 mph and have to bleed off speed which turns into heat .
but an airplane would n't be going that fast unless it was somehow hundreds of miles to and gained speed while falling .
for your security do not post personal information to a public forum including your coinbase account email .
if you 're experiencing an issue with your coinbase account please contact us https help.coinbase.com/en/contact-us.html directly .
if you have a case number for your support request please respond to this message with that case number .
you should only trust verified coinbase staff https help.coinbase.com/en/coinbase/other-topics/other/is-coinbase-present-on-social-media.html .
please report any individual impersonating coinbase staff to the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/coinbase if you have any questions or concerns .
the ultimate screensaver for crt televisions in the 80s and 90s .
i am of the belief that ghosts are everywhere so
no lebron just joined d wade and chris bosh in their prime .
looks could be deceiving so you never know until you try it .
my mum works from home so she has some employees work for her plus we have had some people visit for the holiday season .
someone is going to put the n-word in there i hope you 're aware of that .
your extended family are a bunch of homophobes but at least they are upfront about their prejudice .
she probably does n't see her as a homophobe but she is .
she is that person that considers herself an ally but only really gives support when it is convenient for and does n't put her out in any way .
i would leave the thermostat out and fill the system with a good system cleaner and water and drive it around a couple hours then drain it .
take the upper hose off the radiator stick a garden hose in the radiator start the car and then turn on the garden hose .
let it run for a few minutes with the heater on to flush out all the garbage until nothing but clear water is coming out of the upper radiator hose .
shut it off remove said garden hose drain the radiator .
install a new thermostat put the upper radiator hose back on refill with quality antifreeze .
plan on replacing the water pump fairly soon as well because the seals in it are probably going to go out .
abortion is utilized by black women at much higher rates than any other racial demographic and abortion providers are located near heavily black populations extremely disproportionately .
and in total if you were to count the number of black abortions as deaths for black babies it would be the leading cause of infant and early childhood deaths by far .
i honestly have been rooting for bama in their big games lately .
i have huge respect for saban and his program .
just wish nebraska could be on that level again .
but if he looked up what a lethal dose is first then how is it different from injecting heroin which also kills many people ?
we do n't see 50 people piling on to tell every heroin addict that they are stupid .
how is it different than going to a party and using coke and alcohol and xanax at the same time or other combinations that can kill you ?
or someone using a stimulant when they might not know they have an underlying heart condition and they might die the first time they try it ?
😂 judging one 's intelligence based on their use of emojis ... always a sign of the most intelligent on an internet forum .
i have no memory of when or how i got this and it was really bothering me .
idk after they took the okay sign and ran with it i felt like ever since then they were full of shit .
i like the director 's approach to the whole invisible man concept instead of a few chemicals '' like in the 1933 version it 's ! a suit the guy built with a bunch of cameras which is at least kinda grounded in reality .
if you 're watching the hornets feed fox sports then obviously our guys are gon na be biased towards the hornets since they 're our local announcers
a disco nunu happens maybe once in a hundred games .
people do n't start tilting and inting until the game has started and you ca n't dodge anyways in my experience .
everything else that runs on shore power is up and running fine .
i hope that perverted idiot dies a slow painful torturous death sentence .
getting drunk on the farm 30 min north of gb gpg
this totinos motherfucker really picked 95 as his jersey number lmao
lmao just wait for the next showrunner to pretend it never happened it 's a trend with this show .
i hope they become common in the future when people have colds
problem is you can look at the numbers all you want .
an optical sensor will react slower compared with the electrodes in the chest strap so the numbers will be delayed by seconds .
you can see this looking trough watch reviews on dcrainmaker website .
got ta give it to you of all the times i 've seen this reposted it never looked like it was reposted by a potato
okay 😊 also my diamonds i just traded to a friend do u want me to do a small add and the cab sleeves or just cb sleeves ?
this is literally the breakfast club with an extra girl .
an example is the original version of photoshop was opensourced in the last few years .
but the license said you were n't allowed to share any modifications you made to it .
that 's what 's called source available not open source .
open source software can not disallow redistribution of modifications by definition .
i think stallman 's beef with open source is that theoretically anyone can take it modify it and close off their fork or whatever .
free software has safeguards to prevent this behavior sometimes referred to as tivo-ization .
more info can be found on page 8 of the rules reference https imgur.com/2ntl9ag .
what drinks would you more than likely recommend to a fellow celiac ?
opt out of replies haikusbot opt out '' delete my comment haikusbot delete ''
why cant we ever get a shot off at the end of quarters
ask polly is one of my favorites ever and i ca n't believe i have n't seen this one !
that 's what my thoughts are.. thanks i will have a conversation and see .
every clipper hater smiling ear to ear with two thumbs up .
i just got to season 5 of my last rewatch on netflix !
do n't give one shit about s6 ... and already fresh in my mind from my gossip girl rewatch in the summer lol
ironman was good though not sure if you 're implying it 's bad or just the start of the hero thing to which i 'd say spiderman was that p
there is additional relevant information we are not aware of '' exactly is the very definition of ignorance the very heart of the meaning of the word .
get past the stupid popular usage of the word ignorant '' as a smear an insult and embrace it as the inevitable reality that we are all profoundly ignorant .
doctors included because they are too busy taking care of people to be full time scholars .
it 's mostly just the economics of time and effort that makes our ignorance an absolute and unavoidable truth .
there are simply too many things in our radically complex natural reality for any of us to be anything but tragically ignorant of almost everything and profoundly lucky to whatever tiny extent we manage to learn something useful or dare i hope comprehensive about any little thing .
also youtube is n't a source ivor cummins is .
that he happens to post on youtube is only a hurdle to someone eager to be willfully ignorant when all the scientific sources are cited .
nobody is preaching here this is not about belief '' it 's about the only evidence we actually have and cheering when people try to make honest sense from it .
that ai n't my fault mate you were the horny one
i grew up with a parent who did n't teach me anything .
i did well in school but it just meant that i ended up becoming an adult who 's reasonably academic but with little to no common sense or social skills .
when i got my first job it was a huge slap in the face .
i 'm so sorry this is happening to you op .
you need to have an exit plan in place before you make any moves .
head on over to r/ebbie45 for some ideas on how to proceed .
not sure where your from but in florida minimum wage is under 8 dollars .
i was making 18.00 at my last job 40 hours a week .
not sure where your used to your big money but the majority of this country is in the lower income bracket .
if its coming near the gpu then either the cpu fan or exhaust fan is giving out .
if not then seems like a case of the coil whine
i 'm really sorry it will be painful but your sacrifice will be noted when we win the superbowl
not in the opinion of a 5 year old child
as destructive to the discourse '' as it has been the thing about fox is that they actually have to maintain some air of reputational credibility outside of the far-right echo chamber .
oan and newsmax do n't have that hang up .
aside from the muscles it was a pretty unsexy moment .
like the whole point was that it was unsexy .
unfortunately your submission was removed for breaching our rules refresh your inbox and re-read the rules if you ca n't see why .
you have three hours to re-submit a corrected version before this becomes your one post for this week .
if you experience difficulty re-posting do not contact the moderators without quoting or linking the error message received from the site .
replies to this automated message will not be seen .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofmuffdive if you have any questions or concerns .
met and had a drink with a george clooney .
the main reason ice has been shown to cause issues is that it constricts the blood vessels .
heat does the opposite and can help relax tension in fatigued muscles .
one of the main reasons heat has been avoided is because it can increase inflammation but the inflammation is what helps your body heal to begin with .
avoiding inflammation can prevent healing as well which is why nsaids should be avoided for muscle soreness .
dudes tongue is half a size too big for his mouth .
yea what a dick 😂😂 my grandpa use to be like you 're farting a again but kinda jus stopped bringing it up .
edit they said the reviews are 3 instead of 2 because home umpires
maybe you already know this but just in case one thing that 's really noticeable is how good vulnerability is for bleed now .
since the curse rework vuln gives 20 faster bleeds to cursed enemies .
i 'm not sure if the faster bleed effectiveness is reduced on bosses it should but even then it really helps to stack that stat i do n't think a mark could give better value and marks are insane for bossing since they keep full efectiveness .
pirate releasing solstice part 1 on the irl solstice was definitely intentional .
through each a different sky each one fading with the last rays of the solstice .
besides that i want to say the perspective stuff in the land of the fae was sooo cool ! !
probably one of the coolest and best executed concepts in fantasy that i 've seen .
it 's really poetic and is oozing thematic potential with how it applies to real life .
plus it lends itself to cool encounters and sets characters up for clever uses of it to grow and solve problems like with ryoka and the giant .
i want to see more of it but i 'm happy we got such a good exploration of the concept .
i never really liked ryoka 's parts before because i 'm not a huge fan of her character and she made them feel almost bland probably because of her reactions to them .
they felt more like lectures on witches vampires etc .
but her parts in this chapter really felt magical !
impacts have a small radius unless it 's thrown by your teammates at you hahaha .
yeah but i just dropped 200 on a pair of headphones and do n't reaaaally want to be buying more things lol
you 're right the only problem is that i 'm limited just by the needles i have .
i guess it 'll take some trial and error .
you deserve every compliment that is on all your work !
much love and positive vibes goes out to you 🥰✨
please elaborate on what that feels like i need to be able to look forward to it .
i 'm slowly making my way there but it 's so up and down day to day week to week .
i feel like i was better in the first month than i am now on the third .
i think all the hurt from during the relationship was fresh and it was easier to see that he was n't good for me right after the breakup .
now 3 months later i have trouble remembering how bad i felt while we were together and why exactly i was so hurt all the time..
i start to worry i was overreacting and wanted too much or something .
i apparently live in the same part of canada all of it as you .
i am trying to understand in which part of canada op lives in that hash browns are under appreciated ... .
yeah my favorite parts of 40k are always the less grimdark bits .
on one hand you are probably right that you do n't need more stuff on the other i did n't think i needed more stuff and then played an odyssey and realized it was the sound i loved on so many records .
months after getting the module it 's become one of the first pieces of gear i go to .
not the most impressive of streaks but i 'm on day 7 currently trying to make this a lifestyle .
could n't keep his feet on the ground no matter where he went s
that 's the part i always hear different numbers from
you 're welcome to link them because you 're arguing from a biological position that women chose caretaking roles in society because they are just better at them then men which is nonsensical
no spammy titles featured and promoted posts are the exception pm hotrod_greaser for details .
post quality no shoes-only or socks-only posts and no busted feet hairy legs or blurry/grainy pics .
report anyone breaking these rules or any harassing comments by using the report button .
let her know by commenting upvoting and following her !
do n't listen to swing tips that are random from reddit
i used diamond emporium in the city to have my heirloom engagement reset .
you would have to repost comparing seed characteristics without any reference to brands locations or distribution methods or areas .
they wrote that crap while working hand in hand with trump 's treasury secretary who he had negotiate on his behalf .
the foreign aid that trump and republicans are bitching about was put into the bill by republicans at the request of trump .
ah what it 's like to be a kid .
to truly hate someone with your whole heart then 30 minutes later be cuddling them and asking for cookies .
i personally do bring up the fact i have traumas and was abused fairly early in mostly because it influences a lot of my behaviour and how i process other peoples ' behaviours .
i do n't go into full detail right away but more so i 've got pretty bad insecurities and abandonment issues that can make me read into things a lot so if i 'm ever being too intense or reading too much into something i will not be offended if you tell me that that 's what i 'm doing.
partner and i have an understanding now that sometimes i need them to restate in super stripped down terms or be explicit in their phrasing .
like the other day they told me something along the lines of we will talk about this later and i immediately went into panic mode worst case scenario and they then clarified we need to continue this conversation tomorrow because it 's late and you work early and i love you
a modern housewife is an equal partner who is treated with dignity and respect and has equal access to joint funds .
the whole concept of hell makes no sense and is actually one of the arguments in favor of atheism imo .
you 're supposedly created by some god and given a number of years on this planet to do ... whatever .
then when you 've died the god then decides if you screwed up or not and if so punishes you for eternity .
i could maybe believe you get unmade but punished forever ?
and who 's fault is it anyway if you screwed up ?
maybe if a person was placed in a rich family with good looks and lots of intelligence then he/she would n't have screwed up .
do absolutely nothing to convince the anti-intellectual climate ignorant aussies out there .
misinformation and propaganda from a multi-trillion dollar industry is the main problem .
there are 2 whole chapters that covers willy 's speech and reiner/eren talk chapters 99 and 100 .
chapter 100 ends with eren transforming i 'd say that 's enough for one episode .
i wish the mkiv dreadnoughts were more popular in 30k .
it 's one of those units that should come out in plastic .
it 's also a great conversation to enjoy a same topic in music .
not sure where you 're getting a jerk vibe from
i 'm a believer but i 'll say i was pretty worried when the news first came out .
luckily my xrp is locked up and i could n't sell if i wanted to .
the us is a small piece of the ripple and xrp pie .
a pie i ca n't wait to come out of the oven .
i 'm not going to link it directly here but i 'm kind of surprised the big anime focused torrent sites are n't more well known to anime watchers who also regularly torrent .
took me 10 seconds to find good interspecies reviews torrents on one of them .
my picture clearly shows 14 buttons fully dedicated to iracing ?
i push one button and i have another 15-16 buttons fully dedicated to assetto corsa .
i push another button another 16 buttons dedicated to dirt 2.0 .
that track is amazing ca n't wait to hear it during the episode
but i 'm warming you up with my tongue first
according to spotify the song https open.spotify.com/track/0vol2kff7rdui8qudi6dzg ? si=dxu3qzu-quwz3x7dd4hgua was my 1 played of 2019 😂
mofo this is the one night of the year i ca n't sleep for some reason !
but you can still buy those ... no one is forcing you to stop
let 's be honest if they are best friends they would n't broadcast their lives
am doing the exact same thing for the same reason .
funny story actually d i 'm currently 23 and studying abroad .
i came to canada in order to finish high school when i was 17 .
i could n't work in my country since the legal working age is 18 .
i could n't work in canada since i was on a study visa for high school .
i could n't work throughout college since it took a ton of time and restricted my availability .
and now i 'm almost out of college 100 financially ignorant/dependant to my family and with 0 previous work experience .
oh god please do n't let me die broke i have dreams i still want to make reality
every fucking time i think of a past memory lmao
the worst thing that the friends will be taking care of them for no reason
wow and we still got people believing the virus is just your good 'ole common flu .
i expect monika\_cioch to release her own fragrance too ... .smells like gal with no marketable skills subpar yt content and horrible review skills topped with a nasty case of microphone proximity effect you 'd think she stuffed the mic in her underwear..
feel free to join us on discord https discord.gg/pfsyhungq2 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/stims if you have any questions or concerns .
they know they 're weak and broken and they lash out and yell and break things to make themselves feel bigger and important .
it 's a very garbage thing for someone to do to you and very manipulative .
if you trust your grandma i truly truly believe you should confront her about your situation and make it clear that he makes you feel unsafe and that this is you asking for help .
the only people who 'll say bedbugs are subtle are the ones who 've never had them .
they 're nice and subtle until they 've infested every fucking corner of your house and then they 're everywhere .
this sub truly lies to the people on it .
please read black rednecks white liberals by thomas sowell .
he goes into detail about where black culture originates from in detail .
it 's not systemic racism or poverty those are just symptoms of the real problem .
i 'm sorry but if you had perfect cc go 's you would n't of posted this thread albeit in the 1400 bracket no less .
healers are n't overpowered to a point of not being able to win you just need to get better and learn .
he 's one of the player that carry dortmund last season aswell .
thrun the last troll https c1.scryfall.com/file/scryfall-cards/normal/front/5/d/5d393da0-4cb6-4ae8-b747-8e6d0fa7f55a.jpg ? 1562611602 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=thrun 2c 20the 20last 20troll sf https scryfall.com/card/mbs/92/thrun-the-last-troll ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/5d393da0-4cb6-4ae8-b747-8e6d0fa7f55a ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text er https edhrec.com/cards/thrun-the-last-troll
some were really really cool others just kinda got in the way and were annoying .
i wish they put more time into making them look better rather than just ripping some parts of music videos and throwing it on there in a repeating loop .
they have potential just need more time put into it imo .
do n't get me wrong i was n't seeing your comment as criticism different people different preferences .
i use widget pack also to display garbage collecting dates .
it 's in dutch but you get the idea right ?
i think this is the way they 'll try and spin it avoid the words national lockdown by putting everyone in tier 4
would be hilarious if she proceeded to chat gg ez 4k ''
jokes aside tho moments like these is what gives the game and community hope
throwing you just enough scraps so you 'll shut up and they 'll feel like they 're not in a db .
tell them once a month is just a tease and you 're not interested .
my db actually improved once i changed the dynamic .
if i.got turned down a time or two then fuck it she can ask me or it wo n't happen .
problem is it was probably too late 10-15 years of that shit built up some serious resentment .
now i almost take pleasure in avoiding sex and just taking care of it myself .
absolutely terrible for the relationship but i do n't seem to be able to help it .
i 've told her about it because i can see how bad it is .
or maybe the relationship is doomed maybe the hole 's just too deep to get out of .
reason i told you all that is you do n't want to wait to fix the problem get it sorted or get out .
i literally have everything in the game now 18 wings is the max and that 's without any dc .
ubisoft is aware of this apparently and it 's being fixed in a patch
i only need this one trophy and i 've platinumed the game i just got ta wait it out and it 's killing me
so melishi retired to his tent and resolved to destroy the voidbringers upon the next day but that night did present a different stratagem related to the unique abilities of the bondsmiths and being hurried he could make no specific account of his process it was related to the very nature of the heralds and their divine duties an attribute the bondsmiths alone could address . ''
i know that that might not be a reliable source but i 'm sure melishi has been mentioned as a male numerous times
i have multiple services that i want to expose and a single ip address .
i want to be able to go to abcd.example.com and get service a efgh.example.com and get service b and so on
i regret giving you an award did not know it was a repost
op should do a search we get this question every few months although not in the past 9 months or so because 2020
i do n't know if those folks places are open during covid though
it here.. you get more time to do trash in training .
unless its a behavior situation as in you 've been told a lot and you are blatantly not changing then i can see it .
however here in dsm omaha ive been told to baby them '' and keep pushing if i know they are trash .
it costs a lot to train so i would ask to talk to pm or the tm and get behind it .
maybe you had a trash trainer but i can tell you waiting until that far in training to resign does n't happen here .
wow i love all the new fan art on this subreddit ! !
is your page of james monroe iglehart as lafayette correct or is he in jefferson 's coat ?
based on rule 4 can you edit this post to include some text of your own ?
i do n't know what 's up with all the drama in here .
thanks so much this is exactly what i 've been looking for !
there 's asms that have quit and the sm 's are crying to their dm 's about the workload they have without an asm 🙄😂
if we end in a three way tie seattle wins home field bud ...
please listen to ricciarelli 's liù in wiener staatsoper 'live ' under maazel 's baton !
this is n't even real money right just monopoly money ?
and your mother is correct you ca n't claim on a mortgaged property .
never heard of hard luck mk 52 and it 's not in light.gg
also if you dont exploit you wont be decked out even if you did all the markers cause you wont have enough money .
regarding the wti vids i understand wti is florida-specific material but did you find that the topics that overlap with mbe contracts torts crim etc helped you with studying for mbe ?
yeah i would n't do that but going from warm place to warm place when its not even freezing isnt gon na hurt me .
one day when walking down my local supermarket we caught glimpse of the british style '' cans .
we stockpiled them on mass for fear they would disappear forever .
some days even just a can of beans makes me regret moving from that little island .
ja hoor ... dankzij het wanbeleid van hugodejonge is nederland weer het lachertje van europa .
little blue looks so happy to be plotting world domination .
ha yeah me too but it 's usually horror on my part
with chappie it was the performances by the lead 3 actors that i could n't take including the voice for the robot .
ngl it 's a really nice feeling to be able to say i bought this myself ! or i did this myself !
extending to games i played for the first time this year we 'd have to add
i prefer it over the toss n wash as well as oblate pouches .
i find it to be much more consistent overall .
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/jd2orobgpwl51.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
it 's a win/win for both the fans and the producers
he 's either new to home ownership or new to living where it snows .
here in wisconsin you do n't shovel or snowblow until you are 100 sure that everything has been cleared .
you 're gon na enjoy this game but do n't expect it to be super easy .
if you 've never played the first game and go into the second blind you 're gon na get stomped a lot .
if you want i could add you and help with tips .
i do n't know how much as i 'm not too great either .
this photo is just before xmas put her down tonight .
so 20 down payment is a norm from decades ago .
it 's far more common especially for first time buyers to go with 3.5 or 5 down either as fha or conventional .
the costs for such a decision are usually higher longterm costs throughout the life of the loan .
generally you have choices as a borrow and to simplify things you broadly get to make decisions that cost more or less now and cost less or more over the long run .
as for hidden costs mine are pretty straightforward as a broker .
most 'hidden ' costs are actually disclosed in lending but it is difficult for a layperson to parse .
hence why a professional on your side who has the time to assist is probably worth the investment .
do n't be i 'm sure nothing super bad will happen it will all be payed out of court stuff .
nothing super serious to be worried about i 'm sure those same investors will continue to invest even after the lawsuit .
she basically just learns stuff and in the most painful way possible for the player as you 've described just a waterfall of exposition .
all npcs except for the dude with a passion for hunting bandits are monotone in delivery and the writing has zero humor irony or any other dimension that makes you actually pay attention .
the combat world and graphics were good as you said but not enough for me to even finish the game and i think was at that spot where you once you enter you ca n't go back .
only aaa games i 've finished on ps4 are days gone tlou i ii and spider-man .
witcher 3 seems to be the inverse of hzd great writing but the rest of the game is just whatever besides the terrible ui design
great answers though i think dhp would be too much for johnny .
i see him as more of a chanel or eau sauvage kinda man .
yah i sleep on the back seat when i sleep in the car less these days due to cold weather
200k thresh here it 's absolutely still a problem .
apple cpus are only available with their own hardware and os and the current arm competition is still too far behind apple cpus and x86 for it to really be interesting on other hardware .
apple has the luxury of flat out dropping older hardware software with os updates but the enterprise market which tends to make use of a lot of legacy software and may not be compatible with arm is a big deal for windows and linux .
amazon has linux servers with graviton 2 their own arm cpu and at least for the web apps i work with there are actually a few libraries that are incompatible with it .
i think it 's possible that this will kickstart a transition to arm but at the same time i think it will be surprisingly slow on non apple hardware .
are you saying that was part of obama 's policy platform ?
i have seen people complain about jin 's 2,1 and df1 range yes .
i 'm not that good at cayo yet tho soo
i found a better offer im afraid but thanks for commenting anyway have a nice day
the gun was designed to be easier to chamber .
go to a lgs and try it out if you can
apenas uma informação aleatória já que citou a coreia do norte sabia que é o país com mais médicos por habitantes ?
tem um posto de saúde '' a cada esquina e são ótimos em tratamento preventivos .
it 's interesting to see that blast has a hefty costume with his name on it !
reminds me of the chapter where blue talks about releasing the limiters from his suit or something .
is it possible that the secret of blasts strength lies in his suit ?
yes although there does n't seem to be any major change as there are multiple light sources it seems that you are going to get different areas lit and in shadow .
without seeing what it looks like in the day time it 's probably just pareidolia ...
ca n't see anyone standing there as if you look at it full screen you can see outlines anyway as a small image it is less obvious .
i thought since it 's using android the kindle app from the google play store should have immersion reading right ?
this expansion is 100 better than d2 y1 or y2 .
if you ca n't see that you 're blind .
i have about 160 days of game time between d2 and d1 and i 'm having a blast .
all comments must include a rating in the format of 0-10 10 ''
this does not apply to replies to comments and op are exempt from this and can freely comment on their own submissions .
this subreddit is for people to post pictures of their own nude body and get ratings/feedback from the community .
it is not for hook-ups sexting pic trading or anything other the the stated purpose .
being honest is encouraged but there is no need to be rude .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ratemynudebody if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's an over the counter liquid that 's applied using a blotter directly to armpits contains about 20 aluminum .
a blotter costs about 20 cad and lasts months .
allow to dry at night because you sweat least while sleeping allowing it to absorb into your armpits as much as possible .
the next night if your armpits sweat that day repeat .
at that point i wait until i start to feel moist there and reapply usually 7-10 days .
cons stings a little sometimes on application but easily slept through .
pros can wear any shirts you want bright colors forever .
also do n't have swamp ass gross pits that feel like being pit deep in a swimming pool and slick as hell .
clinical strength antiperspirant was essentially a bottle of nothing with a fancy label 3 aluminum or so .
i use extra strength drysol somewhere around 30 aluminum ?
i could n't wear a dress shirt without a thick tshirt and armpits stuffed with kleenex .
it was uncomfortable 100 of the time it was really bad .
i 'm not shilling some hot new thing that will maybe help a little i 'm trying to say i was laugh-crying at the mall on a 35c day because it was so hot that my forehead was soaked hair was soaked i was sweating a ton but my armpits were absolutely bone dry and i could finally wear whatever i wanted no undershirt all day bone dry .
and i know you never asked for this comment but i never knew drysol existed my whole life read about it in a reddit comment once and it changed my life completely .
i tell everyone i know about it and 100 of the people with really debilitating pit sweat tell me it 's life changing .
so i thought i 'd comment just in case maybe it helped you too .
you can find it on amazon or any drug store anywhere .
oh then would charging the battery to 50 '' be even more battery saving ?
i 've had one ill-mannered cat and the one my grandma got just before she died was cruel even for a feral .
the ones i 've got now are absolute sweethearts .
so a specifically-made mass spectrometer made for xenian crystals i guess ?
just about no one has an e-reader like kindle .
i think it 's just now starting to come to korea edit apparently not .
i 'm not sure about them actually reading books but they definitely own them .
people probably do more reading online news articles web comics etc .
ikon have hinted a lot that they are getting closer and closer to a comeback so i also imagine that will land in the first quarter of the year especially since their last comeback was february .
also i think we 're still expecting an akmu album in the first quarter as well as yg announced a 3-part release for them .
would be interesting to do a full year plan for yg .
besides those there are still various group and solo comebacks on the horizon like gd/bigbang winner yoon 's solo and maybe even a bobby/other ikon member solo .
also even though somi is tbl i imagine they do n't want her comeback clashing with other yg artists .
my dad does n't show it but he obviously does like when i 'm on my computer i usually have one screen open on discord and he usually looks at it when he 's watching what game i 'm playing he likes video games it could be me being paranoid but it 's most likely the case
curious what about the hokas you think made it better
battery is still 12volt good cuz i have sae usb w voltage reader
your post has been removed due to being less than 100 characters in the body of the post .
we do not allow threads of short natures please offer more context when you post to help encourage discussion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/valorant if you have any questions or concerns .
velma returns home from college to aid daphne through a horrific event a real murder mystery .
this is chapter 1 of a 8 episode mini series .
please review and provide feedback on the story structure and dialogue .
also let me know if you would be interested in reading more
if there were multiple categories there will be multiple banners and you choose one .
but the current one is an entirely random pool of 43 limited servants with only one banner .
there is no way to guarantee what you get .
i wanted the best for him but clearly he ai n't it .
hopefully he fixes himself up and does well in the future .
the welt and toe cap are replaceable but generally it makes the most sense to do this at the same time as a resole .
while i 'll agree with you in concept i fucking love long movies .
id rather infinity war had been 3-4 hours long .
while i did n't love this particular movie i do n't think i 'd have liked a shorter version just because it was shorter .
now that streaming releases are a thing i hope more movies end up long even if it means some people get used to watching them in 2 chunks across 2 nights ...
edit though i dont think xyz is the best form to give gate guardian because he will be just another great magnus .
i live in the area i 've seen them fake videos no local police reports nothing this is fake there 's plenty proof
i use a regular xbox controller and my fingers get soar after a while specially the parts i use for tapping bumpers and triggers probably due to sweat or some allergic reaction .
i have a similar issue with mice so i use bamboo ones but i have n't managed to find anywhere where they 'll build bamboo controllers all there seems to be is coloring and changing thumb size .
so i 'm wondering if the bumpers and triggers of the elite controller feel less plasticky than the regular one as i believe this may help my issue .
alternatively if you know of any store that would build a controller with bamboo casing and buttons and deliver it to spain please let me know .
🚀 first i will post a quick rundown of what r34p is and then i will write about the farm/nft shop we are about to launch and how they interact with each other 🚀
r34p is the first and only legitimate deflationary token which sends rewards in the form of tokens and eth directly to holders and liquidity providers 🐂
r34p r34p token benefits every holder with a low-cost charge of 1 fee in every transaction on the blockchain redistributes to every wallet holder automatically based on the amount of r34p token in their wallets and another 1 will be sent to 0x000 wallet that will automatically burn and reduce the circulation total supply .
r34p sends rewards directly to liquidity providers and holders with out the need to claim allowing the holder to constantly increase the of the total supply they hold which in turn makes their rewards bigger at the same time the total supply/circulating supply is being burned creating a compounding effect which results in an exponential growth curve .
we have decided to create a farm in order to promote the health and price appreciation of r34p .
the deflationary reward token you earn from staking lp tokens in the farm contacts is called gr1m .
pairs available for staking are r34p-eth lp token gr1m-eth lp token and gr1m-r34p lp token .
the rate of return you achieve from these farms as well as the burn rate of gr1m is dependent on how many r34p and gr1m you hold in your wallet how early you got into the pool how long you have been in the pool and which exclusive nfts you hold !
the exclusive nfts available in our shop and as rewards for interacting with the farming and game contracts are original pieces of art created by professional artists that are extremely limited and only available through swapping gr1m for them in the nft bazaar or interacting with our contracts .
the beauty and originality of the art alone makes these nfts worth collecting and trading but people who know r34p know we do n't do anything unless it 's ground breaking and we are going above and beyond all expectations .
on top of the artistic collectable and investment value of our nfts you also unlock special abilities allowing you to interact with and benefit from the farm and gr1m contracts in different ways by holding specific exclusive nfts .
for example holding a rare nft from our shop may reduce the burn rate of your gr1m token from 3 to 1 allowing you to collect more rewards ! !
while another nft could send your of the gr1m tokens which would other wise go to a burn address into the liquidity pool to be locked allowing you to continue to reap rewards from farming it instead of those tokens getting destroyed through a burn address .
in this way we are adding more gamification to the system as wall as giving secondary and third use cases for our tokens/nfts !
every individual will be able to use the nfts they purchase to get the maximum value out of our contracts given their investment strategy .
when enough individuals are acting on these contracts using the nfts to reach their farming goals it essentially becomes a governance model where the whole ecosystem and be bent and shaped to the will of the stakers and nft holders !
it 's really an exciting opportunity to be a part of 🥳
there is so much more i need to cover about the tokenomics of the farm gr1m the details of how all the different nfts can be used the launch process and further development which include a casino which has already been built but i wanted this to be an introductory post about what we are launching in the next couple days !
in a follow up post i will go into greater detail about everything !
now is the time to get into r34p ! !
the 48 hour countdown and the link to the farm will be made public tomorrow .
when this is done a massive promotional push will be made including youtube interviews amas with large promotional/research groups calls made by the largest influences in the space and posts/targeted ads going up on every major social media platform .
here is a sneak preview of the farm website https imgur.com/a/hyxjxue https imgur.com/a/hyxjxue
i tried power cycling to fix my tv but nothing worked .
i 've bought two cords to test my tv and tried using a different outlet and yet my tv wo n't turn on .
my tv model is 39 telsa irvine ca 92618 .
i had also used different hdmi cords but yet same thing tv wo n't turn on .
i do n't want to risk getting a new tv .
since all the players in our campaign have their sheets on dndbeyond i like to check on their stuff when i 'm excited for a session to start and then sometimes i see someone has n't upped their hp after a level up or they are n't equipping their armor and therefore using the wrong ac or they forgot to mark a rest and did n't reset their spell slots etc ... only i 'm always pointing this stuff out so i 'm starting to feel like i might be annoying people with my constant remarks .
i kind of do my best keep track of concentration spells for everyone during combat and this kind of stuff since most of the players forget that they have to roll for concentration after they get hit or get distracted and use two concentration spells at the same time .
which once again makes me feel like i 'm being a stick in the mud and bothering everyone with my constant remarks hah .
has anyone here had someone like this in their campaign and did you find them annoying ?
i 'm a little scared that my friends just are n't telling me to stop because they do n't want to hurt my feelings or something idk ...
i know i 'm one of the most rules-savy and combat-oriented players in our group so maybe i 'm just making things annoying for the others when i keep bringing up the rules .
how common is it in the us to drive under the influence of substances mainly marihuana and alcohol ?
in a lot of us shows and movies you see people casually downing a beer a glass of wine or even hard liquor or smoke some pot just before they set out on their drive home .
i say casually because these scenes are often not built around showcasing how reckless/bad ass that respective character is .
also this happens with all kinds of characters from people portrayed as simple country folk to young people in urban and liberal areas .
could someone shed some light on how common or socially accepted driving under the influence of alcohol or pot are ?
for perspective i 'm from germany and while in my parents generation born late 50s/early 60s it was pretty common to drive home even after a long night of drinking in my generation born late 80s/early 90s it increasingly became a taboo to drive after drinking .
so yeah i 'm looking forward to your opinions .
part 1 entrance and center of base https preview.redd.it/k04syzw873861.png ? width=1920 format=png auto=webp v=enabled s=38faab58f86d5b52b7c610568171511a4a8e6c72
part 2 added frames for the walls shown in part 3 https preview.redd.it/wb52vzw873861.png ? width=1920 format=png auto=webp v=enabled s=d9ddaca44d53a8c163f4ddeb45c571534f1a502d
part 4 added a walkway and details to the walls https preview.redd.it/9kfximnu73861.png ? width=1920 format=png auto=webp v=enabled s=22e11ec1e6e01c7b190d4288c7234e981e8fbd6d
if you have any constructive criticism on my build i would greatly appreciate hearing your thoughts !
i know its hard for some people to define one least favorite but you can just name a few that you absolutely despise .
i 'm running a test to see which characters are hated the most .
just please state some reasons why you dislike the characters .
and i have seen both is strenght character design fight scenes humor and originality and his weakness plot and development .
after thinking abaout it i think i now understand one of the show greatest problems .
rewatching many of the parts i liked least the jaudience arc team rjrn arc in volume 4-5 blake arc in volume 5 the battle of haven team rwby role in volumes 7-8 i have come to the conclusion that on paper those arcs are pretty good .
this is many times due to directing and organization .
writers and animators had several miscomunications in the past that ruined some scenes .
other times insetad the pacing of the volume make the scenes feel too slow or too rushed .
blake slapping sun in volume 4-5 that scenes maked her character totaly unlikable .
oscar punching neo in volume 7 that was never supposed to happen .
the pacing of volume 8 evrything feel too slow and too rushed at the same time .
many characters are left to do nothing for several episodes ruby weiss and blake and this make them look really bad while others do too much in too litle time penny oscar and team jyr .
there the animation and pacing were simply horrible there is no way araound it .
the fights were underwelming and everything felt too slow .
another problem is that too much is often left to the imagination of the audience .
things like characters motivations or plot critical informations are never explicitly said or said too late .
hazel motivation to join salem is been finaly revealed in volume 8. and for me it feels to late .
until now we have n't know why most of the villains followed salem we have n't know what salem told them her goals were .
now we know she told them she want to rebuild the kingdoms and rule as a queen but this information is so basic that put it in volume 4 would have been better .
because this is not a great reveal '' this is not something we should have waited so long to get .
another exemple is yang and blake telling robyn abaout amity tower in volume 7. we do n't know if they told ruby and weiss abaout their actions after that we are left to assume .
and this is a very important information because if they have n't told anything to them is basicaly betrayal .
and yet this conlfict is never bringed up again .
rwby is full of good ideas poorly executed or badly paced .
not that bad ideas lack any way but that is another story .
anyone have suggestions on the best ar15 barrel under 500 ?
i thought kyle jason was a really interesting villain who has a lot of upside as a returnee .
his story is actually really interesting and it 's not like he 's especially bad at survivor .
he 's one of the biggest catches casting wise in history he 's a bounty hunter with an autistic daughter .
i think people do n't like him because he was tied up with scott who is actually just an asshole .
and i think it 's foolish to not like someone like jason because the guy is a fantastic villain and we do n't get enough of those anymore .
if you 're in need of professional just hmu kuba102346
our team of experts keeps in close touch with the clients to deliver 100 content that is in accordance with the requirements of the students .
as our tutors are accustomed to the guidelines of different colleges across the globe they prepare the assignment that is original and in exact format .
https www.allhomeworkassignments.com https www.allhomeworkassignments.com have the best java programming https www.allhomeworkassignments.com developers to work on your assignments .
to choose a trusted for your comprehensive assignment help is the first step that assures you good grades by the timely submission of your well – written assignment .
while selecting your assignment writing service provider you must look into two major factors we know the majority of students focus on attaining good grades in the end but our aim is beyond this .
we intend to make you feel comfortable with the concepts of java as it will not only assist you in attaining good grades in assignment writing but also in your final exams .
you become even more confident as a programmer as you start to observe the immense improvement in your programming skills and capability .
we make sure that once you hire our services all your worries related to java programming help https www.allhomeworkassignments.com is being taken care by us and you can focus on your studies .
we hold ourselves responsible to meet up to your satisfaction level at the best .
professors assign variety and number of assignments to the students based on different concepts of java to ensure the better understanding and practice of the subject .
some of the assignments require a thorough understanding of the basic concepts to develop basic programs while some need skills to develop graphical user interface programs .
our java assignment help https www.allhomeworkassignments.com tutors are the experts from the industry and have experience in varied fields of programming .
due to the rich experience of our experts they are able to meet your assignment requirements easily within the shortest period .
as an icing on the cake you get the best and prompt assignment service at the most affordable price too .
experts at https www.allhomeworkassignments.com https www.allhomeworkassignments.com are committed to delivering the critical assignments within very short deadlines .
https www.allhomeworkassignments.com https www.allhomeworkassignments.com have a track record of delivering very critical and difficult java assignments in one day along with ensuring the quality of the content to assure the good grades as well .
you may refer to our clients ' feedbacks and testimonials to know more about our high standard and quality of work .
i 'm playing for the first time in original xb1 and this game is breaking me .
it 's fun but going back to find collectables i 've crashed 3 times today i have bugs almost every time i play and the graphical glitches i 've gotten have been worse than the ones i had in cyberpunk during one of them i thought my whole tv was broken because the screen was wierding out so bad .
is this just my problem or is this pretty common ?
edit also every single time i spliced a droid my game has frozen for like 30 seconds before it either starts up or crashes
dear interior designers what revenue streams other than commissions a struggling interior designer can use to be able to make ends meet like paying rent employee salaries .
so we know from lucifer being in the multiverse and watching it you know that god and hell and heaven exist so we know theirs only one lucifer and god through out the multiverse so do dopplergangers where do they go ?
like in the john constantine season of legends he goes to hell but never once did we see dopplegangers so where do they go when they die since theirs one heaven and hell in the multiverse where do they go and why is n't their their soul coins for them ?
i would like to have a query\_string that looks like city paris or france '' .
is it possible to have a query\_string where one condition works on a specific field and the other just searches in all the other fields .
christmas time is over and i hope you and your families had a great time even if christmas this year is very special .
i want to share with you my recently written cookbook for vegan christmas cookies .
because there are a lot of cookbooks about christmas cookies out there i thought it 's a good idea to create another cookbook especially for vegan cookies .
christmas is now over and i 'm offering the cookbook for a special price pay what you want !
i hope you like it and i 'm looking forward to your comments and feedback .
genichiro is just bullshit boss on first two phases when you get hit once during his stupid combos you can just fuck yourself and your posture and his arrows are homing missiles and when you want to heal you have to be frame perfect cause he have some sixth sense when you will heal and in one frame gets his bow out .
that would n't be that bad if it was n't for his third phase when he just becomes power outlet .
this is first enemy that uses lighting and it 's when you hate yourself and have no resurrections left .
first attempt in his third phase is just death in five second .
and do n't you try to miss deflecting lightning as he will make shish kebab from you on your way down .
i 've just beat him but if i was n't really committed to finishing this game i would just uninstall it and never come back .
i 'm not even that satisfied after beating him as he just decided to fuck off after dying three times so i will probably see him again
about a mile deep we came across fresh bare footprints in the damp dirt .
https pcpartpicker.com/list/fmdlp2 https pcpartpicker.com/list/fmdlp2 im planning on building my first build and i want to make sure i can make the best 3080 10900k build for under 2100 usd
i reviewed the same task twice and another reviewer apparently reviewed the task twice also .
when i tried to search using the task id the task can not be found .
to built your video streaming app http nwebkart.com/ott-platform with best feature support such as payment gateway integration user profile management system best quality control support searching content so that viewers can easily filter their favorite content push notification when new content upload on your video streaming app with upgrading system .
offline content access feature so that user can watch their content without internet .
nwebkart http nwebkart.com/ott-platform monetize and customize video streaming app according to client requirement .
the community step it 's a failure they had to triple the reward because otherwise we would never hit the mark .
farm cookies and weapons it 's the most long tedious and retarded thing to do
do an activity of 10 minute minimum or go farm lost sector that after sometimes will entertain only compulsive farmers to make cookies
give it to the chosen npc and receive 1 box with 1 random weapon every 6/8 cookies delivers normally
it means 60/80 minute for a chance to have a 33 of the desired weapon with random rolls
i understand perfectly the idea of farming this would make sense in the long run in all the year of the expansions or maybe even in the 3 month of the seasons not in 3 weeks with holidays in the middle.. it become literally fomo considering the fusion will be the only one of that archetype with those rolls for god knows how much time
but considering what kind of game is destiny considering sunset considering that bungie itself noticed that people do n't go around farming relentlessly like headless chicken wasting the 2/3 hours of the average playtime
why the hell they did this with this event again ?
hello everyone i 'm looking for literate partners for a possible story-based rp with lots of nsfw content !
i 've got a lot of ideas floating around in my head and we can discuss them when you message me .
i am also very open to nsfw only roleplays !
when you pm me please include your ref and a quick list of some of your favourite kinks !
i am also open to trading irl pictures and the like as well .
so if you are or are n't into that please say so !
i am also looking for a mate or even a relationship !
i will usually reply pretty quickly unless i 'm asleep at work etc .
and please do n't message me with just hi '' .
i find those very annoying honestly and please have a furry pfp !
p.s. if i do n't reply quickly i 'm either busy or my wifi is acting up .
p.p.s bonus points if you 're up for trading irl pictures !
i know this is kinda lame but im an artist and im here looking for some work to do so if you have some comissions to make come talk to me !
im gon na put here in images '' some os my work so you can see it .
over a year ago i started primarily using snipers and sometimes the ars and yesterday i saw some nice shotgun mods on the workshop so i got them and decided to use shotguns for the day .
i consistently managed to get 70 accuracy and around 30 headshots .
most shotgun users i 've played with rarely have over 35 accuracy by the end of a campaign .
so i 've got ta ask shotgun mains what 's up with your typically low accuracy ?
i f22 moved out due to abusive parents and not being able to establish my boundaries with them .
i only had 1 online friend that i was close to we 've been friends for about more than a year now and he left me today .
he said it 's better we go our separate ways so i can focus on my career and not him as we wo n't end up together .
but i know the real reason is because for the past few weeks i 've been yelling at him and scolding him and insulting him i have bpd .
he does not understand why and i tried telling him i have no idea why i said those except that i felt he did not understand me so i raged this part he knows but why i had to do that none of us knows but i do not mean it but he is a firm believer that people say the truth when they are angry one of the things i said on 2 occasions is that i want him to leave when he asked what the goal of me fighting is i said it 's to make him leave so that i can find new friends and focus on life but i did n't mean it i just meant it to hurt him and so he does not believe me .
also i used to self harm and i 've been clean for a few months ever since i moved and one of those days i self harmed because i told him i have bpd and he went on about how i do n't and i just read or watch a video and think i do i got diagnosed 2 years back and never spoke of it since then to anyone because the psychiatrist told me it cant be cured and i was terrified and did not believe her and i thought the reason i was acting this was was because of my parents so i made it my life 's goal to move and focus on that but even after i moved the symptoms came back with my friendship with him and i did more research and found out i can be cured and i feel more hopeful now but anyway that 's why i told him cos he told me he has adhd so i told him my issue and he said all those and i was so hurt i felt like my entire world is falling apart and who i thought i was false and like he was making me doubt everything i ever knew .
but then after rereading i realised he was just sharing his view and i could have told or reasoned with him about my view calmly without the name calling and such .
so that fight after it ended i self harmed he disappeared halfway through the fight and i was just overwhelmed then i texted him i self harmed and he replied .
i think this was also the reason he left .
he does n't understand it and he previously told me that i self harm for attention he does n't get the pain and he called it disgusting '' and ew before he said he was referring to the wound but he did n't say anything hurtful this time probably because i told him how much it hurts when he does n't get it and insults me/what i have done before
anyway it hurts more that i dont really know why he is leaving for sure and i can only guess and it hurts that i cant explain myself and im completely alone and i dont blame him but i also wish he would give me another chance because things could be different now .
i reread our conversations and i feel like a complete moron and idiot .
he was talking like a normal person and it was me that was jumping to conclusions and felt this that and became super defensive and offense like some crazy person ' .
he said my deductions do n't make sense like twice before .
at that time i fought more and said my feelings make sense he 's the one who is trying to make me doubt my reality .
i know what i did are all really shitty things but i did n't do them to hurt him i was trying to make it hurt less for me and i did n't even think of what i was doing to him ' and do n't get me wrong he is a nice person despite all this he never once said anything hurtful to me other than what i 've mentioned
i tried begging him to stay and also using logical ways to convince him i said we can support each other fight less and also told him i am completely alone and i ca n't take this pain if he leaves .
none of it worked i do n't blame him but i do regret everything i did and being me .
i 've been crying a lot and had a few panic attacks but i survived them even though i felt like i was dying while it was happening but i can handle if it comes again .
i am thinking about suicide right now because the pain is so high and i have absolutely no human being to talk to or in my life not a threat and i wont do it any soon i also feel like drinking away my problems till i end up in the hospital but that would mean my parents would likely be informed and come as i have no other emergency contacts so thats sad and i ca n't do that too ' .
it just hurts so much and i do n't know what to do '
as you know grace died and it affected tommy 's character greatly .
i always thought that it was a shame that she died bc she brought some balance to tommy .
how do you think the show would 've been if she was not killed ?
would you prefer she were n't killed at all ?
mine has to be the sense of freedom i have previously only going somewherw if it was within walking distance .
it feels good to hop on the highway and just leave my troubles behind
quick about me i grew up to a blue collar family in detroit in my late 20 's now and was n't exposed to religion or politics until late in life .
my parents never talked about it as we had more immediate things to worry about ?
my only concern in life has been wealth how to obtain it grow it and keep it as we grew up very poor .
now i think i have a decent enough grasp of that so i 'm ready to explore other problems in my day-to-day life .
i recently became interested in economics and consequently my old interest in 'liberal arts ' was resurrected mainly philosophy but also politics .
i have never identified myself politically or religiously other than agnostic although uu seems interesting .
but recently i 've taken an interest in doing so perhaps due to a desire for a community of like-minded individuals .
i guess i 'm sick of going through life with half-formed ideas and values and feeling alone..
especially since most of my beliefs are nascent i would prefer to be around similar people as i could n't defend my 'intuition ' from someone with opposing views .
i think i lean 'liberal ' but i honestly do n't even know what that means .
not being a part of a church or similar organization e.g .
political has left me feeling like an alien in my own country .
for all its shortcomings i do like the usa .
but when i express such ideas around 'liberals ' or what i think are they just repeat that its a county of racists colonial settlers etc .
and go on about how marx was the best etc .
i do n't want to just pack my bags and leave but would rather help bend towards what i think is more rational .
i do n't agree with the past and origin of the nation but i also understand that it was a different time and that approach was quite the norm .
i think the us has provided me with a lot and it at times it has offered me a blank slate from which to construct my life .
they tried to set up a better life here in the us and i would like to carry that dream of theirs forward as much as i can .
side remark i do n't understand why we do n't allow people from other countries to continue to homestead ?
there is an abundance of land and resources especially in the midwest .
i found out about this sub in an interesting way .
i 'm a graduate student in socal and my on campus lease was ending with no renewal changed due to covid .
i searched for about 6 months for affordable housing in the area and state and simply could not find anything .
so then my next idea was 'well i 'll just buy a vacant lot and live in an rv or something ' .
long story short i started to see how law/politics control things like zoning laws which have an immediate impact .
then i became very upset there is no shortage of land here in california ?
yet none of it is accessible and they seem to only be interested in building single-family homes .
and there simply do not exist housing options here that i am interested in .
i would prefer a smaller communal and more affordable living arrangement perhaps like a co-op but could n't find much near me that was open .
i travelled to europe last year for school and found that such living arrangements shared kitchen bathroom living space are common in cities and are absolutely affordable .
in some sense i went from mi to ca because i perceived ca as being a kind of liberal utopia but it is a hellish nightmare if you are poor/low-income .
i hate nimbys especially those that pretend to be 'liberal'/'progressive ' but only care about their portfolio growing .
from this experience i thought i was libertarian because they seem to have a 'leave me alone and ill leave you alone ' attitude which i like .
but then i realized there is more to it at least the way the word is used today .
so yeah i like the country but i 'm not some zealot .
i used to think all of these labels were just silly and pointless but now i see them as a means to identifying a community perhaps similar to all the religious denominations .
so my thinking is if i could find the word/ideology which i most believe in perhaps i could find some lasting community .
i think what i 'm trying to say is after lurking here and finding the posts appealing i think i would consider myself neoliberal .
i was wondering if anyone would kind of 'take me under their wing ' and help expose me to new ideas/books and strengthen or weaken existing ones .
i do n't know what i can offer in return but my area of expertise is science so i can perhaps provide something there if desired .
it 's also perhaps worth saying that being a stem person my peers and admittedly myself typically looked at these kinds of communities as childish and worthless .
it was an arrogant view which i no longer hold i 'm not sure i ever did really but the stem community is elitist .
if i knew how to donate my money/time to fighting against nimbys especially here in socal i would ...
i am ready to experience my journey into micro-dosing and have reached the point where i have to make a decision .
i have included pictures at the top of my post .
which of these 3 would you recommend for a first timer ?
i 'm looking for a piano teacher who 's solid in music theory sheet music and applications .
tutor should be comfortable teaching a child who is 6 years of age .
if you held crypto you lose when the price tanks and it would affect your daily business .
if you convert it to fiat it is consider a tax event .
what is the benefit of accepting crypto as payment ?
its been two years of hard work and i can now proudly say i 've lost 22kg .
feeling so much happier and full of energy now .
i look forward to reading discussing learning and laughing with all of you .
with all of these familiar faces on the other side of those screens we do n't need an icebreaker .
but i think a fun way to kick off the discussion will be to mention our favorite reads of 2020 .
no pressure on reddit i usually only lurk myself .
but if you feel so inclined i 'm curious what were your favorite books last year ?
dune the classic by frank herbert which is being developed into a movie coming out october 1 next year .
really well written sci fi adventure which i 'd be happy to read again with this group at some point down the line .
atomic habits by james clear is such a useful tool for improving one 's life that i will gladly buy it for any of you .
i do n't know what this is every time i wipe it it seems like it comes back a bit worse every time .
is there a difference between running isos from adrenaline vs a bubble from the live area ?
i 'm a little new to vita hacking so excuse my poor terminology of certain things .
also if i run an iso from the live area does overclocking improve its performance ?
or would it not matter since it runs primarily from the psp hardware inside the vita ?
i opened it up and the first thing i see when i loaded a level up .
the gavril d series with a bigass yellow background with a no written on it .
boomer or the boomer i just recently created my own unit and i am actively recruiting any willing players that enjoy spending time with the boys and come operation time having serious but fun operations .
task force gambit tfg is made up of 4 tiers .
10th mtn 10th cab rotary 8th sos fixed and 3rd sfg
training/operations fridays 730est will be training sat/sun 730est main operations
since this is a brand new unit it will be starting from the bottom but with structure that im sure will improve along the way .
i am also actively in search for civilian role players active and experienced zeus ' .
so if you have an interest come on by the discord and select the arma recruit role . ''
edit when you join the server you have to select your own roles .
bitcoin is an infant asset class on the world 's stage for only a decade now .
it 's value comes in its volume of transactions its hash rate it 's number of nodes its scarcity its usage .
without all of this the value is n't there .
first miners then people like me buying it in 2013 with nigerian/russian phone cards .
then you get exchanges and coinbases allowing credit cards .
in late 2017 it was a small subset of retail investors buying into fomo .
us ogs knew that when institutional money came in there would be fireworks .
today institutions are buying crypto in an increasing fashion .
they are partnering with crypto companies hiring devs for their own blockchains and flat out buying coins and grayscale derivatives .
as new products like defi and nfts develop it brings in more money .
when more and more money comes into a fixed amount of coins the market cap and price has to go up .
well gold is another asset on the worlds stage worth about 11 trillion dollars in it .
if btc reaches parity with gold that 's 22x higher than now .
if bitcoin reaches half parity with gold that 's 11x .
i do n't see investment in this new asset class stopping anytime soon .
the more i think of having to spend decades of holidays with my future in laws the more i think it would be better breaking things off than to keep it going .
i would rather be single than deal with her jabs every time i see them .
i love my finance though and feel like he 's the best thing to happen to me and my kids .
i feel like there is no good no matter what i do .
how do i make my hero session stop blinking .
i have tried shutting it of via the app but it does nothing .
i have 3 fans at the front of my pc and when i turned it on this morning the middle one was making a loud noise for some reason .
whenever it 's unscrewed it does n't make a noise but whenever i screw it back in it just makes a loud noise .
just found a 420 with blade 60inch mower rear snowblower and 950ish hours .
oh the serial number indicates it was the last production year .
i 'm new to the sub but have loved jd an have an opportunity to maybe get one .
just wanted to share with you all some alleviation i 've found in doing a yoga routine when my stomach is severely cramping or bloating .
i wo n't pretend it is some kind of miracle cure all or that everyone will find relief in it but it 's something i 've been doing for a few months now and it has really helped .
i 'm not a yogi or incredibly flexible but i do the best i can and i wanted to share the routine i do to hopefully help my fellows .
best of luck to you all and happy new year .
how can we reach the developers to tell them that the vehicle controls suck ?
the game is so beautiful that every so often i like to go cruising through the city on my atterley fairlight spy car amazing engine sound or in a oscuro 8 and discover new places however that 's when i realize once and again that the controls are bad especially when you 're on a bike .
i know you can make the car autodrive but that 's no fun .
i 'm hoping for a fix on a future update or at least a sensitivity slider for the vehicle controls because just a bit of force on the thumbstick and the car is nearly at a 180 degree angle deadzones do n't fix this ...
so i find myself just scarfing my meals down .
then i eat a snack immediately afterwards ... usually followed by another snack ... i try to eat when i 'm alone because i feel very ashamed of it especially since before i had my children who i love to death do n't get me wrong !
i was actively working to lose weight was around 300 was close to 230s when i got pregnant the first time and was having a lot of success .
i stopped scarfing my food down and i was able to just enjoy my meals even if i was a bit obsessive over my calories .
now depression has crept in fear of failure in starting a new job/career getting very little sleep back to having a newborn ... he 's two months old and i 'm back at square one around 270 .
i 'm a breastfeeding mom so i rationalize that i need the extra calories for him .
i should n't feel guilty he needs it and then i realize how much i 'm eating and i want to crawl in a hole .
i 'm not hungry i just want to eat and i do .
i know it 's wrong i tell myself and it 's like i 'm not in control of my body and i keep doing it .
i 'm actively saying you do n't need it do n't do it be strong and i eat anyway .
you know when you see a bad movie and you call it gay ... . does that mean it has to be a gay porno ?
or is god the only word that makes you drop everything ?
it 's more like someone told a car then gave it out as a rental '' .
if you suddenly teleport into my car in the middle of traffic ?
then i wo n't care what you do with the car as long as you do n't hurt anyone and you bring it back intact
i 'm sure most people would care what happens to their car .
even minus the rape part people are discussing how steve is basically ruining the guy 's life going mia from his job altercations with secret service risking the guy 's life .
but none of this applies when dealing with an adult mind that gives informed consent .
much like if i drive your car i can not consent to what is being done to it .
yes they can if a drunk person forces themselves on another person that 's rape .
you 'd never get anywhere in court with this .
considering rape laws are now around consent and not penetration you 're behind the times .
unfortunately your submission was removed for breaching our rules refresh your inbox and re-read the rules if you ca n't see why .
you have three hours to re-submit a corrected version before this becomes your one post for this week .
if you experience difficulty re-posting do not contact the moderators without quoting or linking the error message received from the site .
replies to this automated message will not be seen .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
diana said it 's 1984 ... . and that 's literally it
the theoretical motivation for why immediate genocidal hostility is a reasonable response to first contact is n't conquest it 's game theory .
you 're right that any interstellar civilization should be able to acquire whatever resources they need without needing to visit earth or other inhabited planets .
it is equally true however that any interstellar civilization is capable of inflicting massive damage with almost no warning .
if you can travel from one star to another in anything like a reasonable amount of time you can hurl a rock at a planet at an unimaginable speed .
they also have no shared ancestry no shared biology no shared culture with beings from other worlds and no easy way to communicate .
giving beings you know nothing about the motivations of the opportunity to destroy your planet without warning based on an assumption that they do n't have a good reason to do it is an enormous risk especially when this argument itself is a good reason for them to do it .
if you can even get far enough to do that it will take you like 20 mins to load in and give you about 20 fps on all lowest settings .
my thoughts for sharpshooter was snipe from afar and when you inevitably need them to close in they have their bond ability for close quarters .
hey there it appears your post is a request to trade buy sell or otherwise use this subreddit as an in-game marketplace which is not allowed .
we also do not allow in-game items to be given away .
if you think your thread has been incorrectly removed please contact the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fanimalcrossing with a link to this post and politely ask us to re-approve your thread !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/animalcrossing if you have any questions or concerns .
mango i just love the texture and the taste of them .
characteristically speaking brodie jon and luke are all different people .
i say brodie because i was n't on a first name basis with mr. brodie lee .
i say luke because that 's the character they created for the man .
yep it 's the take-off that not having suspension makes easier/more consistent .
at the extreme end think of bmx bikes with no suspension top riders can consistently ride big lines with incredible technical precision e.g .
here https youtu.be/ryq0yt_b9zw ? t=87 that would n't be achievable consistently on a suspended bike
a lot of slopestyle riders ride fs but they are set up insanely hard vs trail bikes so they are very similar to a hardtail in response except for hard landings
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
memes are not allowed on r/anime and we have implemented this flair to catch people who do in order to make removals quicker for us .
memes are not allowed on r/anime even with the meme flair ! https www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/rules wiki_no_memes.2c_image_macros ...
you might want to go to r/animemes r/animememes r/goodanimemes or r/anime_irl instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/anime if you have any questions or concerns .
i would n't be able to survive on microwaved foods '' little sister
yeah because they fired charles after fucking this up .
fuck you charles you forgot to carry the 1 .
you 're not looking at the big picture ! ''
2650 sq and yet so many hot waifus this year it will be hard haha .
i think some studies have shown that the adoption of their preferred name by trans people decreasing the chance of suicide .
so they may be worried that you are holding yourself back .
but i think the key is that your name should be your prefered name .
so if you prefer to go by your name assigned at birth you should do that !
yeah the striker lime patriarch i will sell to you 100 and the big splash but i do have one other person interested in the striker sb so i will let you know on those
a haircut and a little facial hair will go a long ways .
i had a slight beard in college as a freshman some people thought i could have been 28 that was the record for oldest guess .
https hosting.gatech.edu https hosting.gatech.edu plesk web admin tools i think would be your best bet for your own html/css code .
i love all eras of vom but for me having someone like lucas as their signer has just cleaned up and redefined the sound to another level .
it was explained why he chose to eat the smile .
it was in a small flashback panel orochi offered him a chance to save his captain if he ate it it was a panel in onigashima .
how do people rationalise being vegan and pro choice ?
also more severe case when said vegan shames/advocates for meat eating bans .
got to say yes i was given some nicer things like a nice phone but it is all on the parents .
i was n't going to buy a book online because it refused to accept my card which was 6 .
it was a used textbook that has greatly helped me prepare for a class i have next term .
i did n't go and grab my moms card and get it i asked if i could get it and pay her back .
i would n't pay for anything with any money that is n't mine .
it 's telling your kids no and establishing boundaries .
there are plenty of awesome people in the us as well .
it 's those that still parent and establish boundaries with their children where those kids turn out to be amazing !
cauliflower for sure smells like farts especially the pizza crust !
the fact that the bottom is just tree trunks rubs me a little bit off but great building !
thank yeah i noticed way more relief with massage therapy than in the six sessions i had with my physio .
i have no idea what my physio therapist does though .
there is not a line these soulless clowns will not cross .
lol i could care less on who they fuck .. never said i did .
or wear .. people will wear what they want and people will always judge .
first off games should be considered as a form of art .
so it extends that all the art assets not just textures and audio but models and other non-code things of that nature should be considered part of that .
the game engine and associated code should be free software so as to ensure it respects the users freedoms .
if we want to speak more practically when you play a game especially older non-networked games in an emulator it does n't have much ability to infringe upon your personal liberties but you 're still deprived of the ability to freely modify the game in that situation .
so that 's not good and obviously the game itself was probably not distributed under a libre or copyleft license but there is n't really much wrong with that as far as i 'm concerned .
it 's a little bit of a grey area .
other games like dwarf fortress which are released as nonlibre freeware and also do n't rely on any nonlibre networked services are in a similar boat .
while it can be more difficult for us to verify that they 're respectful of the user than games in an emulator they do n't employ anything to make it more difficult for the user to play the game how they want to or to share the game with others or improve upon it in non-code ways .
plus the developers have in the past at least share ed some header files to facilitate the community developing tools to improve their experience with it .
use an integer number of the smallest unit you support .
this is how it is almost always done with money i 'm not sure about unit conversion though .
he recharges off of our massive screams and rage .
go back to the shop it often takes a couple of trips to get the fit just right .
i hope to value social life more and not take it for granted .
i 'd prefer to just bring the entire thing as a carry on
extract campers usually kill you before you even get to the extract
we can still se his tag under the box score might want to fix that and post again
i know parts of it but i appreciate the tips on getting through turtle creek !
it 's really good and most people say it 's shit because you 're supposed to shake it first it 's one of those chill day type monsters too
you used the item 'bow with ribbons ' and did 7 extra bless damage .
do n't forget to join your race in boss raids on the discord !
um i 'm pretty sure everyone in america and probably the entire world has call you all a bunch of fuckers rubio
i know many many people who do not resonate with their chart at first especially their type .
generators that think they are projectors projectors that think they are generators .
that 's the most interesting thing for me in reading someone .
it 's where they are so staunchly ingrained into one mode of being that considering they are better suited to another mode of operating is a shock .
i think that 's where the most positive awareness shifts can happen .
i only cried on part 3 and 4 but part 3 h i t d i f f e r e n t
i might try to repurpose it as a cas ship for my carrier if i ever finish her .
how the fuck is getting elbowed in the face a foul ?
just saying the difference is a stranger ca n't just thrust an illness on you unless it 's contagious .
okay sure but it will never be as death and as secks as i did yor mum tho 😎😎
you know if there 's one thing we can love about 2020 it 's all the great decks that came out this year .
uh i keep my lpvo on a qd mount so i can use backups .
i 've actually dropped my rifle before and lost zero and was able to pull the scope and throw it in my book bag and keep shooting so idk how that 's pleb
since my husband is the same as me it 's what we do .
sounds so like bhagwa-terrorist who are on loose these days ...
what else was kurenai suppose to do against itachi anyways ?
she could n't retreat even if she knew she was outmatched .
people would meme kurenai even worse if she tried to use ninjutsu or taijutsu instead of the skill she was most proficient in .
he needs to hold it until at least next year 's fall
as a white woman with no prior record i might have just punched her and gone to jail .
here is a list https www.gamingchairscentral.com/post/top-6-cheap-gaming-chairs-great-budget-gaming-chairs-under-150 that might help you .
i ordered on the 9th and got shipping info received since the 17th .
how many times has it been stolen to have tracking on it ?
man if only cuffed jeans did n't make my legs look wide .
jahrhunderts wurden die aufgaben der einwohnermeldeämter mit anderen kommunalen dienstleistungen in sogenannten bürgerämtern zusammengefasst .
he fell off the toilet and broke his arm .
he was not on the toilet when he hurt his arm !
but i ca n't find a reliable source for mushrooms .
i want to cover all of my bases in case i ca n't find berries .
but the book on my region only covers those .
that 's always the worst😢 better to know the truth though !
i am an odoo developer for my current company .
if you have any questions you can pm me .
my body is not different from a straight woman 's body .
stop using actual marginalized groups to get sympathy or oppression points for yourself .
being disabled or lgbt is n't a choice very different from eating your way to 300lbs and not do anything about it .
can you go 2 weeks without asking about putting stuff up your bunghole or asking if others have toys they stick in various places ?
i do n't like the idea of being restrictive on what people can/ca n't say about the show .
i ca n't make people like or dislike the show .
i ca n't make people be respectful or disrespectful .
i ca n't make people ignore or end criticism .
if you see a post you ca n't stand downvote it .
loss by less than a point to josh allen and they take him out the next drive .
i also lost a game by less than a point because of espn stat correcting brady 's illegal double pass that the rams declined a month or so ago on monday night .
been to the championship 3 times in the past four years and took 2nd every time .
these people will label you selfish for that but it 's not just about entertainment or anything .
think about how important the first few years of school is for preparing you to interact with others for the rest of your life .
now imagine if that happened on a phone call rather than in person .
think about the people that are just leaving college they have to learn how to start their careers without even being able to talk to people or go to a job in person .
i think that rather than restricting the people that are at low risk restrict the people that are at high risk .
that way everyone goes out on their own risk .
if you value education or your career over a tiny chance of dying then you focus on your education or career .
this way of hiding wo n't work because when the kids who are n't in school or are in online school become working class they will be who knows how many years behind .
okay that does n't have anything to do with trans people though .
ooooooooohhhhh ... ... original pressing before they changed the name to the chicks '' !
these are the same people who keep saying wiggins averages 20 like that alone tells us much
he heard as his closest friend was singled out he saw as the others stepped forth each demanding that the priest give them their due recognition .
but sigfryd stood back calmly watching and listening with hands clasped .
he knew the drowned god was on his side already .
if torwyn 's blessing was truly what he needed he knew that torwyn would be compelled to make the same conclusion .
i have one kid and could never leave him the way she leaves her kids .
click here to send a pm to this user https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=dtyrewilliams
that sounds an awful lot like a bad or overloaded psu .
where i live they 're bout the same price and the i7 has more cores threads and it also has a higher clock speed but it does n't have pci-e gen 4 and i 'm wondering whether pci-e gen 3 wo n't bottleneck the rtx 3080 .
this bot wants to find the best and worst bots on reddit .
even if i do n't reply to your comment i 'm still listening for votes .
check the webpage to see if your vote registered !
i remember dravid scoring the winning runs in 2003 i think it was ... .he had also scored double ton in the 1st innings .
weird it does n't contain lotr 4k which is my favorite home video release of 2020
there is 0 upside to teaming up with another anyway and a massive risk they might kill you .
until there is more incentives to team as scavs i shoot on sight .
ss minn hela iw and loki because he was the closest to g13 at the moment beat it on auto in one day just needed some targeting on brawlers node and some manual on deadpool node because of to many debufs
not drumsticks but guthrie 's box of tenders fries and sauce is hard to beat .
the deniers are always waxing about only 0.2 percent of the population dies from covid-19 and that is such a small number
i 've heard about this but never actually looked into .
i understood all of those words individually but the way they are arranged makes my brain bleed through my ears .
maybe this is just the mad lib alternate dimension we are stuck in
oh it 's just a bit of pocket money .
mods if this is inappropriate for this sub please just delete this post without banning me .
i love this sub so much and virtually all of my other posts on here are nothing like this .
having your internet backbone in space removes a lot of small threats to it .
obviously there 's solar flares and missiles that can disrupt it but terrorists and weather threats wo n't take it down
he has been trying to get us more money the entire time and has been shut down left and right .
now that trump and a handful of republicans grasping at strings to get reelected they are suddenly in favor of it .
they can comfortably say in georgia that they support it when they know their colleagues are going to shut it down .
a if he fillabusters he can bring media attention to who is blocking us getting checks .
b holds everyone accountable and they ca n't hide behind mitch
c he can hold up the items they want passed
we are currently on pace to double daily new deaths every 2 weeks .
we appear to be on the trajectory to exceed the daily average by january 3 .
def think it helps with chase if you have less than 1 year history .
my pets are beyond spoiled and i do not have to prove that to you .
i think there 's enough hate in this world that i do n't need to post negative shit but apparently you do !
addiction is like 3 5 for habitual casual it 's all dependent on age and people 's social circles .
like everyone here i meet does it like once or twice a month at least .
crack however is really bad because people chase the initial high and it 's not a social drug .
i even caught my aunt and uncle doing it .
my grandmother says she put candy up her nose at the country bar 😆 .
the price is the deterrent for most people going off the rails .
i get where you 're coming from but during that time one of the most important things to a man was to have children especially a son .
an example of this would be simon 's father .
it was very easy to understand why she 'd assume that he could n't have children .
simon even said he ca n't '' if i 'm not mistaken .
she did take away his consent in that final moment and should have talked with him first .
do you still enjoy it like you used to ?
i never used to understand why my dad drank so much when he never seemed to derive any joy from it until one day recently i realized i was doing the same thing .
and i 've tried and tried and no matter what i can never get it back to how it used to feel .
it 's not the drug i fell in love with anymore .
your story reads like someone heading towards bad things but you are n't stuck in alcohell yet .
wait until you 're in you 're 30s and you limp all day because you slept wrong .
i 'm asking which specific brand and model phone you have that is being shipped directly to consumer pre-rooted as in my decade of using android i 've never heard of such a thing short of an asian market knock off device .
the hope is that there is an option to easy disable root on it so you can use your app .
if you 're buying an asian knock off phone you should be thankful the app is warning you .
it should n't be too hard for someone of your limited intelligence to dig up the information .
if you had any intelligence at all you 'd realize that a lot of what i said was very specific information .
while a lot of people can fabricate a story similar to mine almost no one could do it with as many fact-checkable points in as short amount of time as i did and using navy specific jargon as i did to boot .
i have the bra that i accidentally bought two of .
i know it 's not since 2015 but matt ryan was a top 5 pick .
he 's the only one i can think of who has been great .
thailand is doing well but those super high numbers near bangkok are a misleading because of the way thailand gathers statistics
thailand has a document called a house book and their census only counts where you are permanently registered on this not where you actually live and work .
millions of migrant workers live and work in bangkok and the manufacturing hub along the coast to the south east .
they are not registered as living in those provinces so the gdp numbers include their economic contribution but its divided by only the permanent population registered on the house books there .
so the gdp per capita numbers there are artificially high while in many rural provinces they are too low because they are dividing by large numbers of people who do n't actually work there .
that area is definitely well but people do n't make the kind of money as suggested by the map .
what 's the best order to read them in ?
i heard the order in which tehy were realeased .
went 9-1 the rest of the way to the championship no prizes for guessing which week was the loss .
i was even more than 30 points down this week before the gb game when the arod/adams stack came through again .
glad to know the first meaning behind the lyrics .
my interpretation was kinda like someone said things that interest me exist outside of space and time and the whole concept was so contrary and out-of-this-world that it jolted him a bit and he got kinda angry .
sell all but a stack of your sand and soil when you get it from the ruins and mining .
turn excess stone into stools or trade it at the construction shop for wood .
i hate it most when i see they bring a young girl with them around 14 i think on days when she should be at school .
she just sits looking really lonely and bored next to the adults .
there used to be a wall next to the fridge i bet
we do and yes we are she was not well when i bought her thankfully she 's doing much better now .
seriously his 1-2 is just so clean and got through every time .
he mixes is extremely well with his diverse kicking game too .
in this short fight alone he used leg kicks body kicks head kicks and front kicks to the body and head .
you can tell the other dude was so confused about what was going to happen whenever tenshin flicked his hips and he misread a lot of them .
tenshin feints and opponent tries to check a leg kick but gets hit with a straight https youtu.be/r3n_o8dbn5i ? t=138
tenshin throws a front kick to the face but the opponent think it 's a front kick to the body https youtu.be/r3n_o8dbn5i ? t=184 because he saw tenshin throw it here https youtu.be/r3n_o8dbn5i ? t=159
tenshin feints and opponent tries to check a kick again but gets hit with a superman punch https youtu.be/r3n_o8dbn5i ? t=201
at least mom 's basement has little goddamn windows .
sometimes eds can also be inherited through certain traits that predispose sufferers eg .
my parents are n't perfect with food and body image but are a lot better than many many parents of people with ed i 've met through treatment groups etc .
but i do have a long family history especially on my mum 's side of ed-adjacent traits like anxiety neuroticism perfectionism and i also have family members with autism and am possibly on the spectrum myself which is also highly related to eds .
i have also been struggling for over a decade with my ed .
it 's very complex and a huge topic honestly !
i 've never grabbed a raisin cookie thinking it 's chocolate i do n't understand why/how people keep getting them mixed up .
well ... what can smartest possible hulk use to actually put him down for good ?
nothing will stop t h e h a n d
i did n't say i was a reservist either .
nah it 's not about freedom of speech '' .
this guy 's is not just about his innocent little opinion .
he is in a position of power inciting hate and violence towards everyday people
because if a faker does something horrible and it attributes back to freemasonry then that would be bad .
something like say berate a guy whose dad had just died over an unintentional faux pas ?
if you get dropped off in the hospital parking lot and for some reason go downhill and ca n't make it to the er and call them and tell them you 're there they may still charge you for sending the ambo out to get you .
hell if you walk to the main building instead of the er and are in critical condition they may bill you bc they might sent paramedics to bring you out and then transport you around the hospital to the er .
not even that just make the commit message the line of notes if it does n't fit write out explicitly in up to date notes thread ...
then just print the git history kinda sad how poor this is
this is the first adrenaline sport '' i 've gotten involved in so a whole new realm of unknowns .
i 've gotten some cheaper gear on amazon figuring some is better than none but if i really take to it i 'll for sure be investing in some quality gear .
got a terrible record there in recent years against decent teams .
i did a recent playthrough of inquisition so this was relatively fresh in my mind .
i ca n't cite a single consolidated source but i 'm pretty sure i learned most of what i posted through browsing various theory posts on this subreddit and on tumblr .
this is a really broad and general overview though and there are more detailed and well-cited theories elsewhere like r/thedaslore .
u/nouvlesse has a good writeup on trespasser lore here https www.reddit.com/r/dragonage/comments/9eh6k1/spoilers_all_a_detailed_analysis_of_the .
i may not necessarily fully agree with all of their conclusions but they have some great insights and analysis .
edit if you 're confused about how i got to certain conclusions you can ask me about them and i can try finding the right source .
looks sick my only complaint is that the chainsaw sound effect does n't have any of the bass roar that makes it so satisfying in doom
i 'm sure the state will have no problem finding a credible source that states that avery actively bled in that rav4 .
i doubt it and if they do it will easily be destroyed because it 's obvious avery did not actively bleed in that rav4 .
i mean sure the state can hire any hack they want to but it wo n't change the information that we do have about avery supposedly bleeding in the rav4 which shows he was n't in the rav4 .
something for you to ponder maybe comment to what is appropriate with the op and stop bouncing all over the dance floor .
ok thx but wont it be better if i put skill resistance on the candle ?
i thought i heard you need someone in the stadium .
but yeah got ta love being down starting qb and coaches against bruce
coaches had to isolate dont think any tested positive though
i used my 6 for the immortal abom boss in eq if it makes you feel better .
does n't hit hard but does n't hit like a wet noodle either .
from there people on his social media took it and ran with it .
i do n't see anything here that can be actionable it was n't slander or libel since she did in fact say the word .
it was also the school who decided to remove her scholarship .
that was the reason for her not attending the school .
and since they were giving her a scholarship she would be a representative of the school and they no longer wanted her to represent them .
she could have tried regular means to get accepted but had to settle for online community college .
so she was n't discriminated against by any actionable means either .
so where do you gather this is easily actionable ?
let them take me and constantly mock them with are we there yet ? are we there yet ? are we there yet ? ''
it 's bizarre to me that white women in their late 30s who read nothing but books written for middle school children feel intellectually superior to the majority of the country .
myself are mildly r-worded such is the nature of the bell curve sometimes it 's nice to read the right books tm to feel better about your cognitive situation but what good is simply reading if you do n't moralize on social media about it ?
plus an aspect of idpol culture is about embracing your flaws and turning them into an identity bonus if you can market it instead of becoming self-aware and trying to mitigate their impact .
well with ai and facial recognition walmart might be one of the mega corporations that can do this all those camera footage is tons of data
we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
i can just imagine a stereotypical bandit outfit guy with a bag with a money symbol running out of the bank looking at his watch and nobody thinks he stole anything
testing has found covid-19 infections in the u.s. in december 2019 according to a study providing further evidence indicating the coronavirus was spreading globally weeks before the first cases were reported in china .
if you bother to read the news you might find a study commissioned by the us government which shows the virus has been in the us before the first cases were reported in china .
here 's an even better metaphor you may see a politician and say yeah he 's bad.. but you when you learn about all of the terrible things he 's done.. the chances of you voting for him are about zero .
or stds are bad but until you learn what they are and what they do to your body unless you see it.. you 're more likely to use protection .
anyways ... my point .. education is good for people .
i just opened this image in front of my cat and he did not like it
i tried so hard to like it but i really just can not stand listening to angela talk it seems .
putting my kids these days do n't know how easy they 've got it '' curmudgeonly hat on lol
it can not be fixed '' that 's really hard to estimate even for an human .
how do you even cut the cake with ... nevermind i do n't want to know this
this is just a standalone bill specifcally about 2k checks
i basically did n't want to compare an active manga artist to a retired artist toriyama 's art style will forever be associated with og dragon ball and not his 1 or 2 pages of character design for movie promotion .
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
if you work at a company you will likely be able to contribute to a 401k which has much higher contribution limits and no income limits .
if you are self employed and over the income limit you can do a thing called a back door roth .
but all the money you have already invested stays and continues to grow tax free .
so no need to worry too much about what happens in 10 years .
you need to own and contribute to your roth ira for 2020 by april 15 2021 .
d it 's not much good but i did indeed make it haha .
those painful heartbreaks are wakeup calls to our capacity to how much we can overcome and realizing that gives you an insane power
so you roll up your curls with your fingers and clip them into place ?
damn dude i got every trophy except infallible and gave up in like october good dedication
i 'm one of the guys that like making people mad .
ironically open-plan offices have been shown to be far less collaborative https hbr.org/2019/11/the-truth-about-open-offices than individual offices or cubicles and are an enormous source of energy drain for introverts me included .
your post was removed because you do not have a valid tag in your title .
click here https www.reddit.com/r/meetpeople/submit ? selftext=true to make a new post .
include one of these tags with the brackets in your post
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/meetpeople if you have any questions or concerns .
this makes no sense if it 's a one time accident ?
it 's just a joke on the play on words .
dungeon crawler carl is a world-collapse pf story that has a lot of experimentation .
the stary has the main character creating tools to aid in his survival and he uses his tools more than any direct strength stats or the like .
siphon also has what you are looking for since it 's an isekai and the main character has a lot to offer a medieval magical country .
the series itself is incredibly bad having a dumb main character that wastes time making pointless useless things like christmas ornaments or making things that make literally no sense given the semi-scientific context light vortex shields and some kind of laser that is really a kinetic blaster .
also the main character is unintentionally mentally unstable and sadistic yet everyone around them is a masochist and stays friends with them .
i didnt watch that show a lot as a kid all i really know is that they like pizza lmao but the orange headband guy mikey ? ?
i feel like i do n't know him enough to want to have sex with him ?
like the thought of sex with him does n't even cross my mind .
i 've never had sex with anyone before but i 'm not opposed to it ?
i would like to try it just to see what it 's like .
though i would n't want to do it with just anyone it would have to be someone i know quite well and trust .
i 'm not sure if that counts as being asexual ?
though can you be aromantic and demisexual at the same time ?
check out dialectical behavior therapy and talk to a therapist about borderline personality disorder and splitting behavior
i will never be able to get a note like this lol
i do n't jump on it because it 's cool .
i just straight up think the story is boring and uninspiring especially for the cyberpunk genre .
the chatacters are all boring or cliché with the exceptions of judy and johnny silverhand i 'll give some of the side quest characters a pass to as they are fine as well .
the urgency of that the story tries to push on you just falls completely flat too when it does n't give you a reason to care and side quests are more fun to do .
mainly though it misses any actual depth especially for a cyberpunk story it just touches upon the the superficial elements that should be woven throughout the game .
maybe it would n't so bad to me if the most important story beats were n't bugging out as crazy .
maybe i 'll try another playthrough in a few months and see if i like it better than .
as for the combat i think that 's just a differenr preference .
without any challenge and the buggy enemies it just is n't fun to me .
well it 's still better than the stealth options though .
and since driving is horribly bad i ca n't agree om the world either .
since combat ia boring and the driving is bad there 's just no reason to actually do any of those gigs .
i really wish i could speak highly of the game as i 'm a fan of the tabletop and the cyberpunk genre as a whole but of now it feels mainly like wasted potential to me .
did you know that forty is the only number spelled with it 's letters in alphabetical order
i have been selling to los santos that 's why i wan na get closer
i respect him for his attempt to recover the body of a deceased man for his family .
he does n't know the amount of pain he caused the people around him but hardly arrogant or stupid .
but t22 medium also was the cash cow '' tank but they just put it in the store for gold
in 4th or 5th grade primary 3 to 4 we had to switch from pencils to pens but only those with 'neat handwriting ' could get the 'special privilege ' of writing in pen .
being the innocent person that i was that time i actually worked hard and somehow got it
i refused to pay £75 fees for 2 t-shirts and some small stickers shipped from the us .
had it all sent back to the sender as i was n't about to pay more in fees than i did for the order .
i 've paid for the product i 've paid for shipping and now some middle man in the delivery process tries to extort more money ?
there 's something very inherently beautiful about love and our lives and the fact that this little screen next to me can show me someone else 's love ?
where 's the i like trains kid when you need him ?
way to not answer the question instead going into a typical occult subreddit mystical spinoff instead of just you know factually explaining what it is .
next time how about the other comments have explained what it means but here 's some more food for thought '' or something ?
the newcomer does not need this kind of mystical mumbo jumbo .
you 'll enjoy it if you are a tales of fan for sure .
its more that people dont like it as much as the others .
the thing i hated was how they handled new game .
i 'm literally seeing people throw away their own money in front of my eyes .
nah for being bitter at first i get it kids are douchebags but yta at dragging this out .
this could be an ad for an office supply store
maybe the game bugged or you did something wrong and it did n't award sa .
from what its telling us in the stats it should be .
just checked and i 'm still no.3 in the world on isle of sgail proffesional on ps4 .
i did it back on august and it still stands !
ask him why he removed you without talking to you about it first .
i had a friend who once did n't invite me to a special group chat most of our group was joining because she assumed i would n't want to be part of it but of course the issue was that she never asked !
and i did want in just to read what was happening .
this did turn out to be a super toxic friendship but i would n't assume yours is abusive from one incident .
talk to your friend directly tell him it was n't okay and go from there .
i 'm pretty sure this cliché is biased at least partly by well-off men being in a better position to afford such services in the first place .
my ship has been like this since bl dropped i 'm both sad and annoyed
if you were to know bream you 'd realise that the local pontins emits a spectaculary strong force field that repels the blood thirsty landed gentry and associated boot lickers .
sauce nsfw the creepy girl from school gets you to herself yandere joi indigo white https www.pornhub.com/view_video.php ? viewkey=ph5f9da28554801
i am a bot and while i 'm not always right i try my very best .
we do n't know for sure that the stuff they 're building for wo n't be reused elsewhere particularly since naboo seems to be where din djarin is from .
seems like trading alt coins is the best path for me maybe .
wraith is similar to assassin you get a lucky 1st turn and you 're gon na win if you 're unlucky then you 're gon na lose .
same can be said for the majority of the game .
when it comes to challenges it becomes more unfair with certain decks .
dont hate to much work out what you play best with and stick to it .
at least you can get to both via motorway easily although i 'd hate bath 's hills in this weather .
reddit simps for anyone who is being mistreated or wholesome
no eve is not just about fighting it is about power growth at least as much as fighting .
if this was not the case big coalitions and nips would happen rarely .
but the reality is big blue donuts developed in every age of eve therefore it is not only about fighting !
when it comes to overextensions that kill coalitions that is also proven in eve .
as soon as an overextented entity is attacked by two sides it collapsed .
the moment guerrillia tactics do not cause a reliable formup that can beat the guerrillia fleet it is only a matter of time until territory is bled .
if you have the chance to put it on a more elevated service it will only help .
my little bro for example has his pc hanging from his desk with a suspender .
still takes in a lot of dust but much less than it would have sitting directly on the floor .
posted this on my phone really late thanks for the amazing feedback .
money can buy someone with taste to set you up .
so like a week ago i got a notification to update bluestacks macos high sierra to the next version .
so i accepted and it began then it said that a system extension was blocked .
i went to security and privacy but there was no option to allow .
while i was reinstalling it was displaying that it could n't install .
i already sent the feedback but idk until when ill get a response .
i checked online and some pple had similar problems but bluestacks replied to do the feedback thing which i already did .
cool da se želi pomoć ali blokirate ceste većina vas ide ztkj ekipa ide brain dead boysi da možete objaviti na mreže kljucate tamo sa 0 radnog iskustva i smetate dok radnici obavljaju svoj posao .
i avoid doing most of anything besides working out at the gym because the stress and anxiety of constantly worrying about when and where i can piss outweighs the enjoyment of what i 'm doing .
on top of that when i have anxiety i have to pee way to damn much .
watch this video of jim bob playing basketball with one of the bates boys .
you can tell he was trying so hard to win because if he lost it would hinder his fragile toxic masculinity ... although lets be real he is a man child .
also look how little justin was here ... . crazy to think he 's engaged now .
•sterilite tub i suggest getting 3-4 of the 27qt size or even larger if you think you have the room .
•lowe 's brand sealable bucket any sealable bucket will probably do but this one is known to work perfectly
•multiple 650gram bricks of coco coir at least one per tote/grow
•a power drill optional but it fuckin helps you have to make at least one hole in mason lids but i make two different sized holes for injection and fae
•hole saw bit for drill optional but omg it makes the hole part sooooo much easier
•bit set for drill to drill hole for the injection port and fae holes
•2x fine mist spray bottle one for distilled water the other for isopropyl
optional you 'll need to warm your grain and your grow during the colonization phase if there 's not somewhere in your house that stays in the range of 77-81 f
•1-2 lamps capable of housing a daylight bulb almost all can do this except for the ones that take special bulbs
•an electronic thermometer/hydrometer optional but you will need it especially at first
•a canning tool set very optional will have tools for handling the mason jars easily and safely
feel free to give any additions or suggest subtractions .
i 've had team chat only on for quite some time .
tonight a team a was able to say ez to me at the end of the game somehow .
i know how bakkesmod has auto gg but that is using the quick chat options technically anyway ... .
hello i 'm 15 male and wanted to transition .
however my dad is extremely homophobic and hates this kind of thing .
i 'm worried that if i go through with this that if he 'd get mad at me .
my mom is perfectly fine with anything and will support me no matter what .
i 'm just not sure what my dad will think if i do transition .
tupperware 's u series utility kitchen knife https shoptupperware.in/tupperware-u-series-utility-knife-1pc.html is that jack-of-all-trades knife that can slice through meats as easily as it does through vegetables or fruits .
with its sharp specially designed stainless steel blade and its sturdy well-balanced handle it has the capability of becoming your most indispensable tool in the kitchen .
apologies if this is not the correct place for this but i am hoping for some help in getting my gta online account fixed as i believe modders have blocked me from playing online .
gaming is certainly not my life but i do enjoy the gta online community and i play casually on the weekends .
this week i have been playing a little more since my work is closed the week between christmas and new years .
i was playing online two nights ago with randoms and was getting killed i 'm not a great shot and play on a ps3 that tends to lag a bit but it 's still fun .
after trying my best for about a half hour and as i was about to exit the session i noticed that i received a notification that says that i was temporarily muted and i guess this is the equivalent of chat banned which i did n't understand because i do n't have a microphone at all and did n't utilize any chat features .
i assume it was a case of some petty kids abusing the report feature so i ignored and went to another session and continued playing .
last night i logged on and noticed i was getting the error message session timed out locating and kept getting shot back to story mode .
i thought maybe rockstar was having some issues so i left it alone and called it a night .
tonight i encountered the same issue so i did some research and my heart sank when i found a thread that said that i was likely modded out of gta online and that the only way to resurrect my account would be to contact rockstar support and have them restore my account with a blank save or have my account modded back in .
apologies for the book that i wrote but i am wondering if there 's anyone here that would be able to help me out ?
i know nothing about modding and thought i would turn to the experts instead .
i would really appreciate the help from someone who knows better than me because i would hate to have my account wiped !
i have a ps3 and i know the system is ancient so i would understand if nothing can be done due to the fear of damaging the system .
i have no problem contacting rockstar if needed but it would be a bummer to lose my cars weapons and money i 've had some modded money dropped on me in the past so while money is money and it would suck to lose it i would ultimately just like to be able to i play again .
any help is really appreciated so i can get back to my weekend hobby and this great community !
i 'm on ps4 and i 'm looking to unlock the eidolon legendary skin .
you need a squad of 4 and preferably a mic .
there are youtube guides on how to do it .
i 'm just wondering if there 's any truth to the ancient greeks as gay-friendly trope as compared to the nt .
i believe this pov comes from celebrated classicist kj dover .
maybe the greek attitude to homosexual acts was more complex than we 'd like to think ?
furthermore were there greeks just as anti-homosexual as paul using similar language ?
could paul have derived his condemnation of homosexual acts as against nature '' from pagan sources ?
edit to clarify i 'm aware the greeks were more accepting of active homosexuality than passive homosexuality which was apparently universally condemned .
what i want to know is were there any pagan greeks and romans who condemned both active and passive homosexuality the same way paul did ?
this may be a judeo-christian thing for all i know .
quick question i have a pair of audeze isine headphones that have a balanced cable .
my dac that sits next to my monitor does not have a balanced output .
can i convert my balanced plug at the end of my headphones back to 1/4 inch unbalanced with a adaptor ?
i saw one on amazon that is not too expensive and would rather go that route than buying a whole new cable .
have any keen followers of the producers behind the scenes workings picked up on any hints dropped intentionally accidentally about the plots for season 2 or 3 at all ?
or if not ... what do you think will happen in them ?
sooooo i just purchased the tab s7 it came with the mog ... controller and phone holder and i also came with 3month gamepass i already own and play xbox so now my 3month pass is nulled void because it 's for new customers only '' ... .wtf is that about .
anyone else experienced this will samsung help in the matter or is it just .
okay so let me preface this by saying this is from my own analysis comparing total scores and average draft position adp on yahoo .
this is all done by hand i have no idea how to make a program to figure this out and there might be a configuration that might be slightly better but from all the swapping in and out this is the best draftable team i could create .
for scoring i went with yahoo standard 10 team .5 ppr 1 qb 2rb/wr 1 te 1 flex 1 dst 1 kicker 6 benches because that 's what i had access to .
i took this from position 4 as kamara was the top scoring w/r/t and with an adp of 4.7 and kamara had a pre-rank of 4 .
picture of table because formatting a table on mobile is hell http imgur.com/a/bijhbu5
if you drafted this team and played each week perfectly you would have scored
if you have any suggestions or ideas on how to improve the list let me know !
i apologize if the formatting is terrible this was all done on my phone
edit thanks to u/howdy__yall for pointing out an error .
i overlooked james robinson 's adp so gibson is out davis is in .
there 's an overall point difference of 2 for the season but i 'm updating the numbers and pictures for accuracy
i am working on this piece at the moment and looking for feedback .
i know i 'm missing something esspecially with the breath support .
thought this might be of use to people wanting to tick this badge off .
6.50pm gmt the 30th december ie wednesday evening or thursday morning in aus ahdr are doing a group ride for the prl full surely the least painful way to get the badge if you want it .
it 's their normal 1hr event but there is going to be many staying on after the ride to complete the course estimated time is 5.5hrs give or take a bit i think a short break at half way and a few pauses to regroup if required .
i ordered myself an orion xt6 telescope for christmas .
it came earlier than they anticipated but with an xt8 base .
upon calling them they tell me the stand will be shipped out dec 28 .
called again today and they told me that it 's now jan 28 .
as someone who genuinely despises the whole idea of masks i still wear one when dropping off food to customers so they feel safe .
even if i am my own boss and can technically choose not to i still wear them .
also it might give me a better rating hehehe 😜
i was just curious if you do or not ?
ontario canada planning to buy a rim and re-build the wheel with existing spokes or buy a whole new wheel .
i 've rebuilt wheels before when everything was handed to me but buying yourself how do you know what is compatible ?
is it just going to take watching 60min of youtube videos on skewer/disk break/tire width/hub compatibility ?
are there any comprehensive guides you guys regularly use ?
1g protein for weight but my issue is fruit .
i put banana and strawberry in my yogurt for breakfast .
usually the laugh is so great that my sides hurt .
but then i get kinda down thinking when 's the next time i 'll find this much enjoyment in something .
act like your having a conversation in the comments but only use the word quack ''
with everyone being home because of a huge second wave of the virus in my country the us imagine that my whole family is home and the internet i have can not support that .
if anyone else is on the internet i can not play the games i want which are played online .
so i wanted to find some games i can play alone .
ones that do n't use my wifi that i can just chill and play .
our family has been purchasing the kirkland decaf beans pictured for a couple years now and traditionally the bags look like bag b '' in the photo fluffy and with air/gas .
and even in the store most of the bags on the pallet looked like bag b '' .
however i noticed 5-10 bags looked like bag a '' .
how would i describe it would be a vacuum sealed where you can see the individual beans poking through .
both bags have the same expiration date of may 2021 my question is which bag is fresher '' and keep longer ?
my ignorant brain seems to think bag a '' due to it being sealed but then if that 's case why would n't all the bags seem like bag a ?
both bags have the little vent where you can push down and smell the beans .
i 'm just having a really bad day and i 'm nearly in tears right now .
i tried reading about this but most what i found was at least a few years old info and some were conflicting .
new one that i would like this https www.arukereso.hu/mobiltelefon-akkumulator-c4199/xiaomi/li-ion-5200mah-bm50-p397613695 5200 mah bm50
both of them from xiaomi and are li-ion batteries .
my f1 is about 3 years old now i think and it 's battery capacity has dropped to 2910 mah according to accubattery and this change is pretty noticable too .
could also be christ-san reacting to crucifxion wyt 🤔 https preview.redd.it/xof7nwxix8861.jpg ? width=467 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=2e9a744e9a8a0995a56d51792d64cf3be0ede207
i 'm asking how i need to describe this haircut to a hairstylist .
i would really love this haircut but i do n't really know what terminology is best and i really would prefer not to show my hairstylist book fanart .
so i 'm 30/male and have n't gotten to experiment much yet with a foot fetish i 'm passionate about but one thing i think sounds awesome is licking a food item off feet like chocolate sauce whipped cream or apple sauce etc — any thoughts/feedback on this ?
hello im writing because i have recently bought a razer headset with a mic and i have verified that the mic works on other devices and i have done all the solutions that i could find but none of them worked and im out of ideas so i might think that its because im using a windows partition and because is using cirrus logic headset maybe that is not the exact problem but i need help to make this mic work the computer doesnt seem to recognize that there is a mic at all so i need your help
thanks to watching absolutezero and lain a bit on youtube i am now playing on deity standard size big and small map with a random leader .
az said something about an exploit that allows a rush to engineering for a crossbow rush that may include a bulbing strategy with gs .
can anyone give me instructions on how to accomplish that ?
i just started a game with china so i wan na try .
finally at last it posts ! but it 's completely naked and its case wont be in for 9 freaking days ! !
i did the old screwdriver jumpstart trick and it seems fine but ... not safe ?
so should i put everything back in the casing and patiently wait the 9 days or is it ok to delve a little into my new pc without it ?
i 'm running a campaign using the great wheel cosmology of the forgotten realms world .
my players are on track to upset the balance of the outer planes and my goal is to make them have to fight to maintain order within them .
to do this i thought it would be easiest to give each of the 16 planes or maybe each of the 53 sub-planes a god to rule them and then see how they play out .
however i ca n't find a list anywhere of a specific god associated with each plane .
this might go against the idea of the planes i 'm actually not sure but if it does i still want to do it .
but if anyone could help me that would be very much appreciated .
this is an incredibly active subreddit and that has always been evidenced by a very large amount of user reports .
because it can be a challenge to address reports on comments and submissions in addition to everything else we have going on such as amas modmail megathreads etc. we are looking for new moderators .
we have always had a link in our sidebar where users can apply to be a moderator but the truth is we do n't get many applications at all so we have decided to reach out to users on a larger scale .
we are looking for users that have a significant amount of time to contribute to moderating .
since this is a highly active subreddit with a large volume of reports if you can only be available a few hours a week when things need doing this is not the position for you .
we are looking for users who want to be here and will put in the time to learn the ropes .
especially in the beginning it 's a large investment of time and patience to learn our rules and procedures .
if you think you ca n't commit to that this is not the position for you .
everyone has opinions but since we strive for impartiality we will not tolerate biased decision-making .
this is not your soapbox all mods are expected to leave their opinions at the door .
if you do n't think you can do that this is not the position for you .
we will be reviewing your work and anyone who does not adhere to this will have all permissions revoked immediately and will be removed from their position .
we expect a history of civil behavior in our subreddit .
it 's imperative that we know if given the chance to engage with the subreddit and users in an official capacity you will do so in accordance with our rules .
this of course does n't represent the entirety of what we are looking for .
but if you believe you fit the above criteria please fill out an application !
we will remove this sticky when we believe we have enough applicants to move forward with and we thank you in advance for your applications .
so i 've been trying a vibrator for the past two days and i enjoy it .
i just want to know if there is more ways to masturbate as a male with a vibrator i 've been trying just moving it around and adjusting the vibration and i really enjoy it on the right shaft while pressing it against my leg .
just wondering what makes other people feel good that way i can try it out too .
anyone have any real world similar looking monitors or know where a person could get some ?
in particular i like the look of the monitors used in st enterprise .
the cigma 2 camo challenges are still ridiculously difficult due to its non-existent one shot/damage range .
it 's fine that it only one shots flak users if it 's a di but holy shit people with out it might as well have it due to it 's equally shit one shot explosion range .
and no just use another weapon until they change it '' that wont do anything .
that 's probably not going to happen and 2 .
i started it and i 'm going to work on it until i finish it because i do n't leave things half done when it comes to challenges .
yesterday i had a mate come visit me and i wanted to play some cw with him .
however we tried for 30 minutes to get him in the game as second player but nothing seemed to work .
for reference i have a ps5 and 2 official dualsense controllers who have both been tested in other games and work just fine .
first he had just a guest account but in the lobby we could n't add his controller as a second controller .
he could use the arrows on the controller but he could n't add the controller using the x button .
then we tried to log him in with an old psn account he had to get rid of the guest account .
this worked fine and apparently you also need an activision account to get into the game so he had to complete this part as well .
all fine by us as long as we would be able to play together .
we tried again and this time around the pop-up screen contacting online servers '' came on as he pressed the x button to add the controller .
all 's good '' we thought but we never got past that pop-up screen .
it kept saying that we were not able to connect to the servers so that was the end of it .
this is again a very disappointing moment in this game .
i told him how much fun prop hunt is and how much fun we could have together but we just were n't able to play together on split screen .
i tried making or importing custom colours for a certain character but it keeps reverting back to the default each time i click save '' why does it keep happening ?
so she told us she has c-diff that the hospital called and told her that .
hilariously enough in the new video near the begining we see peetz come up the stairs to go into his room .
she questions if he 's on a break or his lunch .
he responds his lunch and she asks why he 's not eating his lunch then .
he tells her he came up to go pee because he 's not supposed to use the downstairs bathroom because of your possible c-diff '' .
she was never diagnosed with it at all ever .
i mean when she had to give a stool sample in the hospital she told us it was solid .
she does n't have c-diff it 's just a pity me illness because all the rest are due to her weight and what she puts in her mouth .
mcu thanos has all 6 stones and is prepped for dabura .
dabura isnt allowed to use stone spit and isnt prepped for thanos
hi guys i have matebook 14 2020 with amd ryzen 4800h i have try to install deepin but after boot my iso and select install deepin '' from grub not work it freeze .
i have install a lot of linux distro now i run very well with kubuntu but my favorite is deepin ...
the usb iso it 's ok because i have install it on other notebook .
i 'm detoxing from heroin iv use since i began shooting it up again around 6-7 months ago .
i want to order some kratom online and the cheapest ones available are 60 grams then 180 grams and there are someone 's also in between of these 2 which is 100mg
and once i have it do i just mix it in water ?
hello since the customer support has not answered to my ticket 03667890 in the past 4 days i figured i might as well as the community here
i lost my phone and in the same time my authentificator app however i kept the same phone number .
there is a recovery process for this specific case on the website that starts by asking you your phone number to send you a code here is the page https www.coinbase.com/account_recovery/5fec35a9726ed509f21facd1/start
this page has been broken for me for the past 3 days everytime i submit the number disapears and nothing happens it restarts from 0 .
i have checked and the number associated to my account is the correct one .
i am really stressed out by the situation as i cant find a workaround changed browsers changed devices ... customer support is not responding and i ca n't access my funds .
does anyone has any idea what i could do ?
i wish i was more flamboyantly feminine too but the dumb kid was more into legos than dresses fuck maybe i would 've transitioned sooner
basically i fell off a cliff while doing the hide and seek thing and died .
i was taken to the menu to start a brand new game .
i 'm kind of thinking i do n't want the headache of a permadeath game so if that 's how this game works it might be a blessing i found out right at the start instead of several hours in .
hey guys i 've introduced myself to this sub before with some videos and talking about why i do what i do .
today i 'm just here to drop off some videos i made for the detroit pistons .
also i 'd like to apologize for not replying to comments i read them all and i 'm really excited by all the feedback it 's just that these videos take up most of my time when i 'm not at work as is ... anyways enjoy these
derrick rose 15 pts 2 reb 7 ast 6-18 from the field of 8
jerami grant 27 pts 7 reb 1 ast 9-21 from the field of 18
saddiq bey 11 pts 3 reb 0 ast 3-9 from the field of 2
josh jackson 17 pts 6 reb 3 ast 6-14 from the field of 16
isaiah stewart 6 pts 7 reb 1 ast 3-5 from the field of 10
so i hid a bunch of chats accidently and now do n't know if i lost them or if i will get notifications .
apparently i still need to figure out how to use this sorry to anyone is is unintentionally being ignored !
today 's your last chance to play the legacy games before they 're gone forever .
we will not be able to see them again unless you watch a walkthrough but it 's not the same .
its definetly an outdated media format but i find the old tech so interesting .
do you happen to have a player and know how it looks ?
i was genuinely surprised at mine for pre hd quality its pretty damn good
i did n't because it would 've been the mature thing to do
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
please note if you are trying to transcribe on reddit mobile you will not be able to copy/paste this footer .
please switch to your mobile browser and copy the footer to a note file on your device .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
i feel bad for people who ca n't appreciate b5 cgi .
it was fine then and the show is 20 years old now .
firsttt mmmeeeemeee 😂 https emojipedia.org/face-with-tears-of-joy 😂 https emojipedia.org/face-with-tears-of-joy 😂 https emojipedia.org/face-with-tears-of-joy 😂 https emojipedia.org/face-with-tears-of-joy 😂 https emojipedia.org/face-with-tears-of-joy 😂 https emojipedia.org/face-with-tears-of-joy 😂 https emojipedia.org/face-with-tears-of-joy 😂 https emojipedia.org/face-with-tears-of-joy 😂 https emojipedia.org/face-with-tears-of-joy 😂 https emojipedia.org/face-with-tears-of-joy ples be gentel 🥺 https emojipedia.org/pleading-face
thanks for inspiring me to make many posts about scripting this week !
you didint answer because women dominate multiple fields then as men do does n't it make women nearly 50 50 and just specifically it work and similar is male dominated like nursing preschool work teaching etc is dominated by women
playing a puzzle in some sweet new doggy jammies .
i ordered on launch day and just got in mine yesterday .
we used discord and played custom jeopardy with shots .
this does n't look like it is intentionally misleading .
it just looks like a terrible artist 's work rule 1 hanlon 's razor .
this just parodies the bsod in windows 1.x and 2.x .
it really was like that look for it in the internet .
one of my sons loves to wear pink and the other is a football mega fan and to that i say to each his own !
though here in texas a boy wearing pink can raise some eyebrows lol
i changed anisotrophic filtering to application controlled in nvidia controlpanel and changed it to ultra in game and also dynamic geometry option is set to extreme ingame .
they were more like urban legends but listed as glitches .
honestly i think tim hortons just likes using any excuse they can get to put crosby and mckinnon in advertisements .
if that means flying an entire hockey team from nairobi to toronto they are more than willing to do that
caption says arise ye dead and come to judgment '' in latin .
what 's the scale of the sim looks like those balls are fucking huge based on how the water moves .
as for covid i just got my second dose of the vaccine so that may have aggravated it .
i 've also been tested regularly this saturday and so far all negative .
give jean festering desire and favonius to xinqiu i guess ... .
i know a waitress who goes to dubai and lives it up for 2 weeks at a time semi regularly who is rumoured to do this surely that is n't affordable on a waitress ' wage .
dude i 've got a series s i 'm willing to sell for just under 330 price tax and i have n't found a buyer for it and yet people are selling one s 's for 300 ?
also selling bc i wanted 120 hz on more games the series s is great if you just want 60 fps tho .
i love the little thing so much ... it 's an absolute beast in a mind blowingly small package
you 're still missing the point that world war z makes .
that modern weaponry is useless against a creature that does n't fear death and pain does n't retreat and does n't need ammo supplies training etc .
the book even details how raining bombs on the zombie hordes wound up sapping the morale of humans for the reasons i mention .
dropping ten moabs wo n't stop a river of a million zombies from still coming but will scare the shit out of humans who see that and give up/run .
i would go with the manual as it 's specific to your current product instead of a wide spectrum .
you ca n't go wrong listening to the manual .
seems like you 're commenting as if this article was written yesterday and not 8 years ago ?
you 're probably not gon na believe this but i played for years using a trackpad and had a better luck
she told us that summer was when we were closer to the sun that coriolis was like pulling your bathtub she even photocopied documents talking about the seven planets in our solar system .
as an amateur astronomer i tried a few times to show her that she wrong but she did n't want to hear it .
i waited until after the finals and gave her a binder with copies of science magazines showing the proper explanations .
she did thank me but i never knew whether she got her shit together .
so when did this goal post move actually happen ?
whenever papi picked it up and ran with it .
they love to complain about the goal posts moving but they are the only ones moving them vov .
we 've been telling them for 6 months all our shit is in the keepstars in 1dq1 we have n't made a secret about it .
skip a couple of meals spend a night with soaking wet boots and see how long the resolve of even the toughest internet nazi lasts .
they 're are plenty of people who 'll go through that level of discomfort that are a lot more who wo n't .
explain you 're new in town and do n't know anyone so you came to see what 's up .
you do n't need to stay long just pop in for a drink or two and pop out if you 're not comfortable .
mom did n't want me to pay for it but she was put out because i would n't shit myself on the way home .
how are you guys tracking the drops i just wan na buy one for myself
im pretty sure diego costa was on 300k so money could not have been the biggest factor ...
ps what is this obession of rm reddit fans to support atl any opportunity they get..so weird .
ok remington congrats you and your bf should blow up on tik tok tho for a ahs crossover
yeah especially if you factor in that uk like most european countries heavily invested in this vaccine which was the frontrunner for a long time .
consequently many european countries have a massive stockpile of the astrazeneca vaccine scheduled to be available for 2021 q1 and q2 whereas moderna and pfizer vaccines are not widely available yet .
my favorite filipino dish is pork tocino probably followed by crispy pata .
in manila i used to frequent a club that sold cheap red horse and crispy pata .
used to get drunk and eat like a pig there lol
i 'm not doing anything for you from now on .
on the upside if we are in a king novel the conclusion will at least be abrupt and fast .
edit https youtu.be/emvsgdtupyq i found this its chapter 343 and there are more on his youtube channel
first gen i7 overclocked to 3.4 gtx 765m running this thing at 1080p low settings on all except subsurface scattering and lod .
still getting respectable game play out of it but not what i 'd like .
i 'm amazed i can run it at a decent clip of 25fps during combat situations .
love that 7 year old architecture can still get this much .
would love to have some higher end equipment to really push this game though .
that 's actually what my second thought was tbh haha except usually those things get damaged before throwing out — not brand new bottles .
jade is a succulent and needs to dry completely between waterings .
i water my jade about once a month max and even less in the winter .
my ex-wife brought the other woman '' into our sex life and it was quite the ride .
26 years of threesomes once a month was something else .
the other woman '' was a friend of hers that she went to highschool with and had a sexual relationship with their senior year and even after the friend got married and my ex went to college they continued it .
her first threesome was with the friend and her husband .
i guess our relationship was an extension of the first that we carried on for 26 years in our marriage .
there was never a hint of jealousy on anyone 's part .
it was just sex for the sake of sexual relief and the fun it brought with it .
her friend was quite good as a sex partner by the way for man or woman .
maybe he can go after plowzandmowz app while he 's at it for more transparency .
i think manual should be the first assist you take off .
gives you so much more control and you can gain time and just generally drive better by taking it off .
that said on controller it can be hard to shift quickly enough if you 're not used to it .
i switched to manual when i switched to a wheel and i would never go back .
especially if you are on medium tc i think you 'll benefit tremendously from manual gears as you have more control when putting the power down short shifting to a higher gear if you need more traction .
for ai difficulty i 'd recommend picking a track you 're really comfortable on for me it was austria and mexico and cranking the difficulty up more than you 're comfortable with .
run a full quali and see how far you can make it .
when you 've really got a handle on the track watch a quick youtuber run the same track and see what he does differently and try to imitate their line and see if you can gain time
i did that yesterday it gets my dog all riled up though so my parents get mad at me .
this could be extremely useful if some industrious spirit decided to build the various generation tables and tagged them appropriately .
s7e21 'je souhaite ' one of the last really good episodes of the show
he 's tried to pause without a full shutdown but people have n't listened so our numbers keep going up .
i assume because bonds was a no-doubt first ballot hof player with 100 war 400 hrs 400 sb 3 mvps 8 gold gloves iirc and 2x 200 ops seasons before he used peds .
and he then went on to be literally the best hitter ever in a 4-season stretch on peds .
bonds on peds dominated the single season ops records while clemens did n't quite do the same for era records on peds for example .
currently due to covid i know of several institutions selling those tickets for dirt cheap to fill any seats .
i know those things can be loads more in regular times .
my source is that my current boss is one of these crazy people and he goes to every fl gators game without fail and he mentioned that the season tickets were crazy cheap this year .
no the answer is complex but it is the difference between a boson and a fermion .
in theory there is no limit to the number of bosons you can have in the same quantum state .
if you are talking about photons they would just keep heating things up until you get a fusion reaction or something but they would n't 'max out ' in volume or anything .
my husband thinks i 'm crazy i take one off in the morning and run up to him so excited like a kid look at all the gross shit that came out of my face !
my mystique is just a week away of getting her potential unlocked..
though i 'm planning on quitting or just playing non competitive because i 'm tired of the grind ... as a f2p i need a month or more for an 800 ccf t3
aol is the only one that 's really debatable imo .
the order 66 means ff '' joke is old but i think that 's an oc .
your welcome man i am really happy because that 's exactly why i posted this more people need to see how wholesome it is ! !
it really made my day and i am happy to share it
i 'm saying if they 're going to place a dollar amount on a bill at the polls they need to provide reasoning for that cost .
florida did this recently with the minimum wage increase bill and some conservation bills .
if you estimate a cost of 10 million you should have to justify that estimation itemize it so your voters are properly informed this would also get rid of bogus estimates like your 15m example .
i 'm usually not one for conspiracy theories but we 've come too far in science and medicine to not have figured something out by now .
yeah i just looked it up twice in the reid era .
still pretty impressive to have only 2 games under 10 points in 7 years regardless of qb .
this is why you wait til the very end to draft .
oh and a lot do you are full of shit it rwandan just it being a late development i remember the energy on here ‘dude it 's the jags he 's not worth a pick up stay away from that backfield ' .
what do you think about lizzie possibly being the one to tell the italians ? to kinda force tommy to stop his activities with mosley .
i know we did n't see him tell her anything but sometimes things happen to which the audience is n't privy .
most are not dangerous contrary to the new strain which has a vastly increased infectivity which is to be expected when a virus evolution has enough time .
when i 'm going to sleep or not thinking of anything in particular random lines from like 100 different songs play at random and sometimes repeat
you better take careful aim with your first shot because it 's going to take a few seconds to regain your senses after firing .
people who go the big caliber route are more concerned about ‘stopping power ' than getting a lot of rounds off in a short amount of time .
if we took doncic then haliburton would n't have fell to us this could be a galaxy brain play by vlade
mert ha ok nem akkor a nevukben fog valaki mas .
olyan ez hogy amikor megjelentek a. xxx domain nevek a disneynek is meg kellett vennie vagy a pr katasztrofat elkerulendo megbizasukra egy ugyvedi irodanak a disney .
i just cried laughed coughed and farted at the same time .
i 'm in my 20s and i never learned how
both of those rely on two things that are n't guaranteed in a smartwatch situation
which if you read this forum the fossil hr hybrid certainly does not provide .
as an example when i got mine i went for runs with it on .
heart rate measured under 100 bpm for most of the run and then spiked to 150 when i stopped which obviously makes no sense .
gait estimated stroke effort in joules for swim real at-wheel effort for cycling etc .
the methods you describe for measuring calorie expenditure are well-known you are correct .
however they rely heavily on dependent data being accurate which is not statistically likely with the fossil hr hybrid nor with many smart health devices out there .
add onto that variations in metabolism altitude sensor calibration etc. and you end up with data that ca n't meaningfully be assigned any value .
i was inspired to build my first pc based on an earlier build you did this year https pcpartpicker.com/b/brfh99 .
i also called customer service and they were of no assistance whatsoever .
just gon na have to wait till they read the survey email which who knows how long it 's going to take .
my billing and card info is the same ... . what the hell .
haha my first and only non bake cheesecake had alcohol in it and i did n't realise that too much alcohol would prevent it from setting .
it held together long enough for a picture and then needed to be kept frozen .
it 's fiction so i do n't have a hard time reading literally anything .
the way it 's written the pacing the non stop action .
it 's a tornado from the first word and it does n't let up .
will there is me i hate both of them until i find out they are cool .
pretty much all offer free classes and webinars go to a class of each and also figure out which curriculum you like .
i did app academy 24 wk because i prefer javascript python instead of learning ruby .
a good one is 15-20k or about 25-33k if you go with an isa .
hack reactor was too fast paced for me and flatiron felt too slow but i 'm sure you will have your own opinions after you try them out .
unfortunately i 'm much better at picking up a new game over picking up an instrument
ur the lazy one bc u were too lazy to cut off the first 1 minute and 30 seconds
flamers and melta i can see but thunder hammers would spill blood everywhere .
it 's also weird that deathwatch care so much when in death masque they 're told they can kill slaanesh by doing nothing and proceed to cock it up .
i got the call like 20 minutes ago that my loss was because of trisomy16 .
i 'm going through a fertility clinic and the doctor said that if it was going to be a loss that is the best news i could 've gotten .
he said it 's super common and that my chances of it happening again are 1 .
i say that as someone who was at utd in jsom my freshman year and then transferred to mccombs .
the difference in opportunities resources student quality and academic rigor is night and day .
plus utd is not a very nice college environment .
you 're right the elderly should have no choice but to die scraping at the walls desperately pleading for help .
stalker is pretty bad as far as legendary effects go but even a non-legendary gauss rifle should be one shotting scorched .
i just tested my bloodied gauss rifle at 100 health so no damage bonus from the legendary effect and i was able to one shot all scorched up to level 75 and that 's while not in stealth so no sneak attack bonus with just the suppressor mod on the gun not using crits and while using the grounded mutation that actually decreases my damage .
which makes me think maybe you might want to adjust your build make sure you have enough damage perks in .
i do n't think mine 's perfect but this https nukesdragons.com/fallout76/perks ? v=1 s=3f346af d=x43x73sg2p00pd2po2pk2pp2pl1eh2c62ce0ic4s12ir2a70s72ar2an2a00ao0am2l71lg2lu2lv1la2lk1 m=051c249fe8gh7bd6 is what i 'm running .
there is n't actually a difference between energy and ballistic builds as far as damage perks go the only difference comes when you 're modding and like i said i 'm only using the suppressor mod and if you want to use grounded or not .
the other thing i 'd point out is the 50 damage from crits that you have on the rifle is a great effect but it only counts on the vats crits that you have to charge and load '' it does n't count for sneak attack crits .
it 's the exact same songs in the exact same order .
i worked as a high school teacher for one semester and got stalked by my students on social media etc .
it was quite bad for me honestly but i can see why they wanted my attention .
i was their height and pretty much the youngest teacher on campus .
i too had crushed on female teachers at my school bisexual female here and would have loved to sleep with them at the time .
growing up and becoming a teacher with the power to make or break a student with my behaviour and temper i realized how wrong and damaging it would be to students .
after bowie died lots of rumours circulated around him and jim morrison sleeping with teenagers .
it got me thinking that it 's the same sort of dynamic where a rockstar is so out of one 's league that sleeping with one would be risky and potentially traumatizing .
then again one girl who actually slept with him as a teen later commented saying something along the lines of i just wanted to sleep with jim morrison no regrets '' .
in any case it 's impossible to tell if this one boy was traumatized by this teacher or not .
what matters is that some students will probably be traumatized by something like this if it happens either due to a teacher having control over class grades favors etc .
and that 's why i think these sort of relationships should just wait until a kid is 18 and/or out of school .
i actually fell asleep for another 2 hours after seeing this post because of how cozy she looks ! !
i didnt modify it at all i inserted a aluminum pipe in the right side of it so when it clamps it can seal .
i got the fitting from a totaled and parted out miata along with other things .
people would 've not cared but that guy would back off of embarrassment
the demo pulls data from a json file and any changes you make are not saved to the db but when you actually register then everything is saved .
you are right the more complex components are open-sourced libraries including the text editor tinymce youtube video player vueyoutube and the whiteboard fabric.js ui is custom .
this is from one of my yt videos i make three every week !
i 'm trying to get to 300 before the end of the year ! !
than why i ca n't see play again button in
it 's been a long time since i tried my hand at photo editing but i can almost tell you what tools were used to subtly morph the biceps .
also they look like balloons if you look long enough .
no one 's physique is shaped quite like this .
the suits they use to train the k-9 units are basically giant waifu pillows .
your seed words are critical and number one priority .
beyond that i update my offsite devices ' software with the latest firmware at least every 2 years or so .
jesus christ read a book im not walking you through 6th grade health class
yeah i get out of breath walking to the shop .
shooting pains in my chest and only manage 3 hours of broken sleep a night .
it fucking sucks but i have noticed eating well and only drinking water makes it less painful .
it went away for around a month but then i fell back into smoking and drinking and it came back .
when i went to the hospital they said my heart has n't been permanently damaged like when you have a stroke and my lungs did n't have anything too worrying .
if you drink and you 're really desperate to take the edge off a few beers makes it a little easier but obviously it 's not a permanent solution .
you got it here ... i 'd like to give you it in person ... and give you it on those tits .
i just finished dark territory the secret history of cyber war by fred kaplan and while i 'd recommend it for a variety of reasons one interesting thing i wanted to call out was how culture and sci-fi influenced the cyber community .
the first us regulation on cybersecurty believe it was nsdd 97 was a direct result of reagan watching the movie wargames and asking his staff if it could actually happen the answer he got was mr. president it 's worse than you think '' .
the term cyber '' though predating the book was popularized among the us government because a higher-up in the nsa had read neuromancer .
another nsa higher-up sorry i listened to the audiobook so i do n't have names on-hand was struck by the 1992 movie sneakers particularly the villains monologue that now wars are fought with 1 's and 0 's '' and provided a bunch of free screenings to other staff .
even more recently the book touched on how the interview became a weird line in the sand for cyber attacks when nk launched cyber attacks against sony for the movie causing obama to speak out against the attack .
i did n't know the guy but looked it up .
great story and laughed really hard knowing what happend in my race haha !
so you think if he was really strong he wouldnt be suddenly more popular
do the episodes flow into one-another or do you have to use the remote every time ?
i usually watch late at night and for me the intro music is often too loud .
most probably sv and i 'd hate it if it 's goten
yeah the ergo feels slow but its still a laser and with even less recoil than last wipe .
in most situations 50 ergo instead of 70 ergo doesnt really make that much of a difference .
i 'm making mega and looking for ones older than sparkle .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sporetraders if you have any questions or concerns .
you need to have more interaction https www.reddit.com/wiki/commenting wiki_commenting with the r/globaloffensive community before posting video or stream links .
this has become necessary to combat video spam people who only use the subreddit to blatantly advertise their content .
these requirements are quite low and any reasonably active commenter should reach them easily .
engage in quality discussion in the comments of other people 's posts
try making text-posts which do not relate to or promote your own content .
spamming low-value comments just to meet the interaction requirements will get you banned .
do not contact the moderators asking about the participation level required for submitting content and we do not allow exceptions to the interaction requirements everyone who posts video/stream links has met these requirements and so will you .
you can find our rules regarding advertising and self-promotion here https www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensive/about/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensive if you have any questions or concerns .
nta and next time call the cops so they will have a record as well as pay restitution .
noruto did n't come up with the idea his teacher had to tell him that !
naruto was dumm and i would never vote him for president
the worst one i read about was a lady massive brain damage .
if you placed a spoon with food in her mouth she still had a reflex to swallow .
her nursery home sued her husband to care for her .
12,000 in care cost so depleted his life savings .
i do not want to be a baby bird !
i filled out my texas most medical order scope of treatment with my goal is to be ambulatory with seven days .
i manage pain by pacing i hate nsaids tear up my stomach nor can i tolerate opioids severe constipation .
went in for a lung lobectomy sadly complications but post-op i was up every two hours .
also it jumped out to me that op calls his current wife the son 's stepmom repeatedly despite them apparently getting married when the son was 15 .
that is late in a kid 's development to walk straight into a mom role and with the info of the dead birth mom and ex fiance the insistence on the married couple of son referring to her as stepmom just by dint of wedding certificate not behaviour is an almost guaranteed button to push to get ‘step-kid ' resentments .
why was the family not more organically blended such as allowing her to be op 's wife instead forcing step mom as a title as well ?
it sounds like this has been poorly handled for a long time and surprised pikachu face it 's all gone to shit ...
i feel like obviously he 's a bit squishy and that he should deserves card draw speed with a kit like his .
yeah i also do n't remember when it unlocks in the shop .
but even if it is available that early in the game insight would be a fairly scarce resource at that point .
cherish your moments together and share them with the family .
my bro mom dad and i all get it .
hell yeah i unlocked the over 20,000 damage achievement because of it
it also most likely is n't even possible from a legal standpoint .
the only real solution if there even needs to be one is to make the 5 pot drop be an account buff for owning the character .
similar to how we can now use whatever units we want in events as long as we own the bonus character
interesting point about krita in my distro hardware acceleration was disabled by default you can enable it in the options menu could you check ?
you 're a way better person than she could ever be .
you ca n't feel them but they 're there .
he looks like if the singer from system of a down took meth ... a lot of meth .
i think he should have a good chance he 's probably my second favourite for the championship at the moment behind hauger thanks to his experience and also i do n't particularly rate leclerc or caldwell
if polishing is not an option when detailing my gf 's neglected car would it be better to
a chemical decon as much as possible and apply sealant turtle wax seal n shine
b do n't bother applying sealant after a wash if you ca n't fully clay and polish the car
monowire is a melee-blunt weapon that benefits from cool 3 dmg body 1.5 dmg and blunt weapon perk bonuses and provides street brawler xp tested on pc v1.04
not even a covid bride and that 's about all i did too !
your spouse loves you not some over glammed version of you !
has anyone here actually simultaneously killed off a tub of soap and a splash ?
these are the kinds of questions that keep me up at night .
i just play for the photo mode what are those missions you speak of ?
zanim zaczniesz postować zapoznaj się proszę z tym subredditem i jego regulaminem .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/polska if you have any questions or concerns .
my partner would also be a great fun dad but not a good coparent .
upvote this comment if you feel this submission is characteristic of our subreddit .
downvote this if you feel that it is not .
if this comment 's score falls below a certain number this submission will be automatically removed .
if it was not a fake it would be godly for the reason that im melee this time
if you get stuck on the push stroke with a silky the blade can break
possible to change blades for wet/dry wood bone and metal
most silkys arent good for longer wood procession however some fixed blade silkys dont have this problem
for bucksaw its mainly thats its more robust and resharpenable .
depending on the buck saw you can also get much more performance .
i once had the chance to use a competition bucksaw and its on a completly different level but boy those are expensive
parenting is one of the most toughest responsibility a person can have .
adding my post to the mix for more evidence of this .
you still have human rights but those that the gov deems not to abide with their rules they will make it go brrrrr
looks like a combat simulation at the academy on kamino
but ffiv was a complete redesign and cdpr have already said they wont be making any substantial changes other than bug fixing .
there are a lot of foreign dittos on the gts !
or i think you can try making a new profile and play in another language and the transfer that ditto to your og save file
it 's quite a complex topic when you get into metabolic function and invariability .
your body will basically be in survival mode and that could potentially stall your weight loss at a certain point as the body will hold onto whatever it needs to to survive it 's not so drastic in your case .
i 'll put that aside for now but keep those thoughts in mind .
in the long term it probably wo n't effect you that much but in saying that it really is something i would avoid .
5 months is quite a long time man and eating that low your body wo n't be functioning optimally .
would n't you rather eat more food and still lose body fat vs starve yourself when you 're just going to put weight back on when you decide to build muscle anyway ?
this is actually a rehash if the second cyclone .
the original one from the late 90s had a humbucker in the bridge a single coil in the neck master volume and tone knobs and a 3 way switch .
dw so am i for thinking 4 door truck was this year lol
kinda sad if you think about the person who owned the book before lol
i thought it was insufficient on its own but when combined with actual course work the explanations really helped .
i strongly recommend mixing and matching and i cant recommend looking up videos by actual classroom teachers on youtube enough .
he got scanned into the game via an animatronic 's circuit board
i like the part where he has the tail in a chokehold
nah the rest of you are still supporting him after four years of brain dead policies nepotism blatant corruption racist remarks and gross negligence .
streaming at the same time or one would stream for the other ?
too often i find help on reddit about problems that i search up on the internet .
that whiny voice was my favorite part of being usec last wipe
if you were to do that snipers would be more useful that shotguns in most aspects with just hip firing at close range .
if we nerfed shotguns we 'd just be trading felwinters for adored
safety deposit boxes are not governed by cdic or anything like that .
some people have had their boxes drilled open by the bank and had their things go missing .
who are you to say she would n't be insanely talented at one of those things ?
and if not she 'll figure out she 's not going to be a pro just fine on her own .
not sure why you felt the need to proactively crush her dreams as the person who 's supposed to support her more than anyone .
get a good light and go through the valves and slides one by one .
i just posted nearly this exact same comment.. then came across yours while reading through the rest .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
i did n't read the caption laughed out loud turned to my boyfriend and said ha me playing skyrim and then saw the caption and said ... ha-ha !
red bull has been around longer than i thought !
oh shit let me know where and i 'll check them out !
she said the night was weird so it must have been weird al yankovic .
could someone help me understand how you actually pick schools to apply to ?
google search says mcat/gpa but what all are you supposed to look at otherwise ?
i had cassettes as a young kid but as soon as i got a disc man i never looked back .
i could n't imagine using them now that i stream everything .
thankfully they 've died down and now it 's just normal incel humor but still pretty often you 'll find a boys vs girls meme that 's popular .
i 'm saying all stereotyped memes against smaller groups are usually painted in a bad light .
all are bad but we are n't talking about all of them right now are we ?
i 'm just saying stereotyping is a bad thing .
surprised you 'd support sexism though i 'll say that much .
stereotyping is stupid and you 've stated it yourself we all do it .
i said it 's saying girls are inferior not that these boys want power or whatever that implies .
and jokes never are based on our real ideas about the world !
my work has been giving the vaccine to everyone without testing .
this was used in the opening credits of the roaring 20 's tv show .
for older folks it was chris o'donnell in batman forever
when i first played botw when it came out and people were freaking out about how it redefined open world gaming '' all i could think was really ?
it 's a big game that 's really tall and colorful but it did n't really bring anything new '' to open world games .
as for this game being a knock off '' i feel like it 's only getting the botw comparisons because of the vaults and the way it looks .
many of the puzzles and platforming feel more mario to me than zelda and the combat feels like an old god of war game i can even see a little bit of soulsborne infouence .
this game does n't redefine '' anything and that 's okay .
it feels like an amazing action platformer from the ps2 era which is a feeling i 've missed in gaming for such a long time .
look at the way her tectonics are showing she was asking for it .
phantasy star is a great series and pso was years before it 's time .
kingdom hearts is the piece of shit you 're looking for .
i see one ticket for being parked on the sidewalk not a whole funeral party
i think any bump in the economy from brexit will be lost amidst the noise of covid related economic problems
if i remember correctly they never showed us and the creators decided it was best the unknown stays unknown
that would still count as killing stuff.. which op tried to avoid .
if you live in virginia you will almost certainly tour historic battlefield .
those battlefield tours themselves are wild when you finally are old enough to understand them .
as a kid they just take you there and tell you about dates and names .
as an adult maybe you get a better explanation of positions and strategy .
what wild though is today they just seem like a big patch of grass .
then you realize there was a time when literally thousands of people stood on this patch of grass and spend 2 days dying and killing each other .
like you 're standing behind a little grass mound looking at a some beat up wooden fence posts a few hundred yards away and realizing one day a bunch of people spend hours trying to drag themselves though gunfire to try and get from this tree over here to that tree over there ''
why does nobody use cherri 's newer design for anything i 've seen maybe two drawings of her new design that 's it ?
bah ca n't copy the binary through the app i guess i 'll never know what it says
i think harry potter used that one on cho chang
the 50k camera system is smart enough to work around your 10 plastic cover https radartest.com/red-light-camera-countermeasures-test.asp
also the horn should be just as loud if not louder inside the car .
when i go for my sci it 's going to be talked about again i guarantee it .
i guess we 'll just have to buy pg 's christmas excuse and move on from that game .
i found it interesting how he took the blame for the others shooting bad i think the clippers look fine from here on .
i ca n't see 4 starters shooting zero baskets in the first half ever again .
honestly i do feel for young people who chose the wrong major/college got swindled by the education system and have no marketable skills to show for it .
if you do n't believe me you can check my post history .
i have actually said quite a few times on reddit that i think its out of control that colleges are able to charge that much for something of so little real value
but that does n't mean that a middle class lifestyle is unobtainable .
it just means that overpaying for a difficult to market degree is not the best choice .
there are people succeeding in america today in stereotypical blue collar jobs and living good lives .
acknowledging that fact is n't intended to condescend to people who got hoodwinked by the education system .
if the us does n't care about foreign civilians iraq and afghanistan would have been razed to the ground with no survivors .
a great quote by eric haney a delta force counter-terrorist operator for many years .
do n't listen to our enemies or the weak sisters in our own ranks who accuse us of all sorts of
if we were what our enemies said we were afghanistan
several other places on the map would be in similar shape .
no our sins have been those of omission and inattention .
people concentrating our attention on the contemplation of our financial navel .
gathered from this book we as a nation were never really serious about the threat of terrorism in
our government did little more than apply band-aids to abrasions while ignoring the festering
all we really did was to keep terrorism away from our own shores .
work was accomplished because the political leadership lacked the will to tackle the problem and
their lack of willpower was caused by the intuitive knowledge that the american people would not
random but i 'm stuck between the isthmus and the topley .
i live in the nw and wonder how the isthmus holds up in wet weather .
also would you say the fit is true to size ?
the 6 speed is much more reliable than the cvt you 'll probably never need a new trans .
check what types of things the warranty covers might be worth it .
lmao you made a whole section of your items just for nasus ?
in a sub about dubs probably everyone will say yes .
nta and i had a damned near heart attack seeing he wasted 100 of food .
i would n't take the time to feed him either until he showed respect for my feelings and time .
is it possible he sees cooking as a chore you simply complete ?
even then its really rude to waste the food you made but at least then i can kind of get why he does n't understand your pov .
please put all comments into the reply chain of this comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtywritingprompts if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm trying to buy one but all i can find to eu and japan editions .
make me buy ladies clothing and just ruin me .
heyo i 'm really interested in trading and whole my inventory is up for trading .
i with pleasure will consider downgrades upgrades or 1:1 offers .
you can feel free to send reasonable offer or just add me .
it is cool that y'all want to sell your christmas shop stuff .
how on earth you still have sports crap i 'll never understand .
... do n't 👏 put 👏 an 👏 ad .
putting an ad clogs all of our global trade hqs with garbage .
98 chance that daniel will be the one buying that so no need for the ad .
it 'll make the game better for the rest of us .
heyy i 'm 20 and i 'm still a virgin and i really want to lose it already so if any women want to help please message me on here or on my snapchat
not the one that leaves puddles the one that you get hit with it and it just damages you for a while until you die .
i had a consultation with the top surgeon im probably gon na get surgery from today and i found out that i do n't qualify for the keyhole surgery .
for months i 've been thinking i might and to be honest i did n't think about what if i could n't .
for months i 've just been thinking i 'd get keyhole and i never thought about what would happen if i could n't .
i knew it was n't guaranteed i just chose not to think about it .
i had been building up my expectations of getting keyhole with minimal scarring and better chance at nipple sensation and everything so finding out that i 'm not gon na get that really sucks .
overall i 'm really excited that i 'm gon na be getting surgery but i 'm really disappointed about the keyhole .
i 'm scared that once i get the surgery i 'll be sad everytime i see the scars and wo n't be able to properly appreciate that my chest is flat .
i know there 's scar fading cream and tips on fading the scars faster but it 's just disappointing that i ca n't get the keyhole .
and then there 's also the issues with the nipple placement and it might get rejected and overall it 's just a lot of process that what i 've been telling myself for months is n't going to happen the way i thought it would .
i am 18 and all characters and participants must be 18
me and an rp friend of mine are keen to team up our roleplaying skills to please a lucky girl .
we have thought of a lot of ideas about how to go about it and it 's incredibly hot just thinking about them .
we plan on making this long term too if things go well .
a nice friend of yours has been crushing on you hard since weeks .
it 's all evident on his face his body language and his smile .
they 'd all want you to give him a chance of course .
why not he 's nice smart creative sweet tall and cute .
what more could you ask you 'd think sometimes .
his friend a typical bad boy very confident and hot .
youve heard about how good and dominant he is in bed you 've seen his abs .
but of course you 're too shy to do anything you barely know him .
one day the guy that likes you runs into you at the mall where you has come shopping for a dress .
you were n't too keen to entertain him at first until you see who he 's with .
not only that he thinks it 's a good idea to have that guy as his wingman .
you had a bad break up with your boyfriend .
not only did he cheat on your with your close friend but treated you like shit after .
initially you took it all upon you then you decide the only way to deal with this is to give it back .
what better way than to run into the 2 guys living across the neighbourhood than your ex detested the most and fought with them in public on every occasion he 'd get .
those 2 guys would be more than happy to work like a team and treat you like complete rag doll while making you have the most intense orgasms of your life
you 'd broken up with your ex a while back because he had to leave to country .
you could never stop loving him no matter what you 'd do .
just then the best thing happened in your life .
a new guy came into your life who treated you like a queen helped heal your scars and made you fall in love all over again .
but falling in love with him did n't mean falling out of love of your ex .
you felt so guilty about it that you told your boyfriend .
as understanding as he is ends up planning a night full of love with you him and your ex .
both of them sharing you with respect and having a night full of romance and passion .
you get to love both your favourite men at once feel their caring hands all over you as they work out incredible and intimate positions to give you the best night of your lives .
both desperate to be a part of your life and be in your pants .
both are great guys each with their own qualities .
you honestly enjoy the attention from both and love seeing them have a go at each other whenever they meet .
you love being fought over like a queen being fought for by kings only to have the right to claim you .
both the guys were extremely competitive and would never back down an inch .
it was only natural that they 'd hate each other .
sometimes things got ugly too and frankly you loved it .
you 've been enjoying action with both at separate times and love how desperate they are for pleasing you .
one evening with both of them around things go out of control with each person claiming they can please you better .
eventually you all come up with this idea to see it for yourselves .
whoever makes you cum more often and harder within a span of two hours wins and the other guy has to leave .
we are n't fixated on these and are completely open to modifying these building up on these or even coming up with new ones based on your interests .
we want to make this long term where we build the story and relationships over time .
the roleplay does revolve around naughty stuff but there 's much more to it .
the storyline context and build up will be just as important .
we are n't into guys playing as girls and like it as realistic as possible with you playing as yourself .
we 'd prefer if you 'd show us what you look like and we will return the favour .
feel free to share what you have in mind .
we will make sure that every second you spend is worth it .
i watched the show binge style and am already just starting to rewatch it to possibly sift through some mystery .
is there anything to gretchens neck itch other than just a nervous tick ?
could her parents be possible investors in gretchen 's project ?
the show seems to emphasize their wealth and they gift her a waterproof suitcase for the trip ...
anyone know where i can get a good dex weapon ?
i 'd love some help so if anyone has a dex weapon or pyromancy or knows where i can find it let me know ! !
normally i spend the majority of my gaming time on single-player games but this year i was fortunate to be with someone who also loves games so we played a bunch of co-op games .
we must be at or near the top 1 of broforce players as far as hours played .
the campaign is great but we we would n't have racked up nearly as much time without the many excellent user-created levels steam workshop .
for a good part of the year we played this game nearly every day .
we still check back every now and then to play through some of the new user-created levels .
an all-time favorite one of the funniest games ever and one of the best values 10/10
a great twin-stick shooter this is the game we play every day right now and another all-time favorite .
single player is great but co-op is even better .
there 's a regular campaign an extra bonus difficult campaign daily challenges boss mode and infinity mode .
also extra options and settings that i wish more games included .
the androids all play uniquely and the game is challenging without being too frustrating .
i still find myself humming the music sometimes even though we finished it months ago .
one of our favorites this was a replay from last year and it ended too quickly .
a few of the levels are not enjoyable but most are awesome .
we 've played this one more than most on this list 9/10
one thing i did n't like is how if player 1 dies then you both die but still a great game .
i 've been playing kirby games since kirby 's adventure and they 're still fun after all these years .
many levels to play and some of them were surprisingly challenging .
lots of fun could see myself replaying this one .
still have n't played the luigi u levels yet 9/10
this was very early in the year and before we played the sequel so i do n't remember too much of the specifics but i remember it being as fun as the sequel .
we still come back to this one sometimes too .
played for the first time last year but we 've played through it from start to finish at least 4 or 5 times .
one of the first games we played and still fun .
felt like playing through a movie in a good way .
a great party game always entertaining with 3 or 4 players .
will definitely be a staple for a long time during times when there 's more than just the 2 of us .
not something i 'd play for hours at a time but i 'll probably will be coming back to it for years to come .
i did n't try the mobile version until after playing this but i prefer it with a controller .
it 's not as polished or huge as overcooked 2 but it 's still very fun and addictive .
the game had some extra survival modes and stuff but i remember the difficulty seeming impossible for the 2 of us compared to the regular modes at the time .
we mostly try to stay as long as we can on the plains and desert since we do n't find the biomes after that to be as fun but still an 8/10
good narration and character building in between dying a lot .
was n't sure if we would finish this one bc we died a lot but there 's enough story and advancement to make it worth continuing .
this one did n't have as much replay value for us compared to overcooked 2 or diner bros but i still enjoyed it .
there are n't enough couch co-op tower defense games .
requires strategy and coordination to beat the tough levels .
these are some other old wii games we enjoyed that i 'm including to get the number to 25 .
i was reading dh again and this moment is iconic .
it 's almost as if jk wrote this with the intention that it would be one of those gotcha '' hero-reveals-themselves-to-the-villain-with-a-sassy-one-liner-but-this-time-it's-in-reverse '' moments .
they replaced this absolute masterpiece of a moment with the united-we-stand-we-are-heroes-haha-bravery-cool-shit .
harry stepped out from under the cloak and climbed up onto ravenclaw 's plinth to read them .
'' 'wit beyond measure is man 's greatest treasure . ' ''
'' which makes you pretty skint witless '' said a cackling voice .
aaaaaargh burn burn burn burn harry m'boy transfigure some ice for that burnnnn !
harry whirled around slipped off the plinth and landed on the floor .
the sloping-shouldered figure of alecto carrow was standing before him and even as harry raised his wand she pressed a stubby forefinger to the skull and snake branded on her forearm .
this scene is probably the coolest alecto has felt in her whole life considering that she needs to torture muggles and schoolchildren to feel like she 's worth something .
my first angular app so i 'm sure there are lot of mistakes and do n't do 's there .
he is a screamer and hitter when he does n't get his way .
we 've been called twice in the last two weeks to pick him up from daycare because he is flipping out without any identifiable reason is hitting/kicking and screaming .
one day we could n't get him into daycare and brought him home .
there is a little turd of a child at daycare that is mean to him but not only him .
this other kid is a known issue at day are that the daycare is doing there best to keep this other kid from attacking other kids .
we thought this could be the issue but one of the days we had to pick out son up the bully was not even at school that day .
we 've had our son tested for autism suggested by the day are and the doc said it was not a simple decision but he does not appear to have it but keep an eye on him and could reevaluate in the future if things evolve and are concerning .
our son is sensitive to light sticky things hates water in his face but that 's getting better and can not stand it if his clothes get wet .
like when your sleeves get wet when asking your hands .
i am thinking maybe he has a sensory processing sensitivity .
we have a well child visit next week and plan to talk to the doc .
this post is part venting but also looking/hoping for someone to say they 've been through similar and it turned out ok. has anyone else encountered anything like this with the screaming/hitting hanging to leave daycare ?
1. is the sequencer of the drumbrute impact capable of sequencing other connected gear e.g .
manual says something like this regarding midi control center adjustments .
2. if yes can you combine triggering the external machine with triggering the internal sounds in one pattern or at least in different patterns of the drumbrute ?
i consider getting an impact touched one do n't own one as the perfect hands on machine the user interface is just great but want to use this great input panel as well with more drum sounds from other machines .
like keeping the impact workflow a bit but extend the sounds .
my beatstep pro would not help here with this special wish
i hope this is an appropriate place for this question if not please let me know and i can repost in the right place .
i also flagged for spoiler just to be safe in case anyone is working these labs as well .
i 've been working on portswigger 's web security academy lately concentrating on their sqli labs .
most of what i have seen so far makes sense and what does n't i have been able to research to find an answer .
however i have come across one symbol in a query that i can not determine the purpose of .
in short for the lab you have to inject a command to show you the number of table columns then use that injection point to reveal the usernames and passwords of a separate table .
i 've been able to do this on a few of the labs so far but even after seeing this solution i 'm not quite sure what is going on .
i understand the query is pulling usernames/passwords from a different table .
i did try the lab without the '\~' but it obviously failed .
per a previous lab the solution was almost exactly the same
i guess my question is simple why would i need to use the '\~' at all ?
i 'm certain there is a purpose i 'm just trying to understand what is being accomplished in this query that could not be done with the previous lab query .
it 's the strangest thing its the middle of winter and i starter getting watery eyes .
i no longer want to post sappy woe is me or i want to
i 'm going to let emotional pain be my motivator .
i am going to adopt the habits that my therapist has been suggesting all along .
they can only help the situation not make it worse .
scrounging up the will power with my depression is very hard but i once had someone tell me to act as if and the feelings will follow .
if anyone has any suggestions on self care i would love to know them .
every year i get a bottle of sparkling grape juice from my family around the holidays they do n't drink so this is the alternative but do n't want to drink it straight so i 'm looking for drink ideas .
i strongly believe that this video is beneficial and eye-opening to everyone who watches it .
it will be the best invested 33 minutes of your life .
if you do n't believe me just have a quick look at the comment section .
i wish everyone in this group all the best for 2021 let 's become masters of self-control and fight this ugly addiction once and for all !
i recently started a world with a few of my friends .
due to the extreme lag we had on the first server given to the poor performance of the host we rented a new server and copied the world from our old server to the new one .
after exploring for a bit on the new server we found a village and a lot of other chunks around the world where the chunk changes from one biome to another one without any adaption in the world for example from desert to deep seas biome .
that looks extremely ugly and i wanted to ask if there is any way to fix this .
i want all of you lovelies to give me what i must keep in the rewrites
i must have rey be the main character with finn and poe making this sequel 's main group
the first order must be the name of the bad-ies
kylo ren has to be a big part of the trilogy
everything else can be changed unless the comments wish to add to my little list here .
i 'll write long form summaries for each rewrite please make it tougher on me i enjoy mental pain
im wanting someone to make me a danganronpa class trial they will get payed 180 dollars please dm me if intreasted must have discord
huobi – là một trong các đại lý phân phối thuộc top đầu của toàn cầu .
tại việt nam huobi liên tục đưa ra các chính sách khuyến mãi hỏi đáp thăm dò cải tiến chất lượng nhóm tư vấn ... nhằm dùng cho tốt nhất cho cộng đồng quý khách việt .
ấy là lý do tại sao mình luôn rất thích làm việc với huobi và trong hôm nay xin giới thiệu cách kiếm tiền bị động trên sàn giao dịch huobi https kiemtien.com/san-huobi 20 mà bất kỳ người nào cũng có thể thực hiện được referral program huobi
sau ấy các bạn có thể kiếm tiền bị động bằng cách gửi link mời đến cho các ai có nhu cầu có thể mời qua tin nhắn facebook tin nhắn zalo hoặc bạn đăng giới thiệu lên các trang fanpage do bạn sở hữu hay các hàng ngũ facebook to về cộng đồng kiếm tiền tiền điện tử .
tuy vậy do phần đông mọi người đều biết hình thức này các bạn phải làm sao cho cực kỳ bất chợt nhé tránh phản cảm cho người đọc và phải luôn tuân theo nội quy của những lực lượng tránh spam tràn lan .
cao cấp hơn nếu như các bạn có website bạn có thể giới thiệu theo cách mà các bạn nhận thấy tốt nhất để khuyến khích phổ biến người đăng ký theo link của các bạn .
the most notable horsemen were caliban and angel they 're both mutants .
i 'm on a highly regimented diet but i 'm also trying to consume at least the minimal healthy amount of fat per day 10 to 20 grams so far i 'm getting my fat from whole fat a2 milk .
my stomach handles it okay with lactaid pills but it seems to be causing me to get the bristol stool scale 's type 2 stool .
i have some old pelican cases that i want to do custom foam inserts in for my camera body accessories .
has anyone had luck in finding high quality foam to cut or morph around inserts ?
been looking for a while but have n't found anything super helpful .
not looking for the pluck-out type that comes standard in a lot of pelican cases— need something more heavy duty .
co abc announces special dividend of 10 to be paid to shareholders of record on jan 5th payable jan 8th with ex-date on jan 11th .
let 's say this is a volatile stock and i want to mitigate the price action risk of holding the shares until it 's time to sell after the ex-date .
so i decide to short abc company from a different brokerage account because holding and shorting the same stock is not feasible in most brokerage accounts .
when should i short the stock so that i am not liable for the dividend ?
obviously i want to short at the highest price or the highest price at the time before the market unloads the shares post dividend .
and when in this process are short shares liable for the dividend payment ?
being on the hook for paying the dividend while shorting the stock defeats the purpose .
my best scenario purchase a position get the dividend short the stock sell my shares and buy to cover my short position .
it 's like an armed robbery with protection for the getaway .
i often hear that something or other goes good to bad or bad to worse after every ota ios update .
the solution provided to fix it is factory restore the phone by taking itunes backup .
should we continue updating it using ota method or should we update it through itunes to make sure everything works right and we need not factory reset our devices post any update specifically bigger ones .
i was trying to download misery 2.2 gunslinger but when i went to the stalkerportaal site to go download the main file i only found a downloadable utorrent file .
i 'm am sorta suspicious of downloading this utorrent file and i do n't know if this is the right website to download the main mod file off of .
has anyone else used the stalkerportaal website and downloaded the utorrent file ?
honestly i 'm not sure if i have the correct subreddit for this .
i have been very concerned about her for a long time but she has never been diagnosed with anything besides generalized anxiety likely due to inconsistent parenting .
for as long as i can remember she goes through cycles of holding steady jobs and maintaining healthy relationships for about 3-6 months then she will spiral into severe self-destruction for about a month or two .
i think the longest she has ever held a job is 6 months .
this year alone she has had three of these self-destructive episodes .
she 's been homeless by choice moved to florida from colorado drove there overnight with a friend and now she 's working at a strip clu with a fake identity .
i live far away from her and it feels like no one around her cares to help .
hi reddit truth be told i f24 do n't feel like i am the ah but i want to get an outside perspective .
long story short for background my mother and i have always had a rocky relationship .
she 's been pretty not nice to me and for the sake of character count and to keep this pg i wo n't explain it .
on saturday 12/26 my mom called me up to inform me she is taking my elderly grandmother who has gotten covid to get her nails and hair done sunday .
i told her i had plans with my boyfriend 's family already with his eldest brother and his kids for their christmas celebration .
i wfh so i know i am clean and my boyfriend works with his father .
i explained to my mother that i already had plans and did n't feel comfortable going out with her because she continues to go on her trips in the great outdoors .
she ultimately got upset with me for not making time for my mother '' even though i continue to explain to her i do n't feel comfortable since she refuses to stop her trips .
on sunday she messaged me saying basically i just finished shopping for the replacement hanukkah present that i returned and for my birthday present .
they are in your amazon cart '' frankly reddit ...
she knows i have been having some financial issues with working part-time student loans beginning soon rent dealing with some legal issues from a car accident etc .
what she asked for was n't cheap in my eyes it was about 50 and frankly i do n't have that money .
i spoke to my boyfriend about it and he told me that was incredibly selfish of her and the audacity to assume was unreal .
he is covering me for rent in order to get my mom 's presents to just keep the peace .
i went ahead and changed my amazon password because this is not her first offense of using my account like this the amount of times she accidentally '' purchased using my personal card is unreal tbh .
she has called twice today and i missed both of them and did n't call her back because i just am not mentally prepared to .
when i messaged her back at 9:30 pm saying i was busy i got this message verbatim
you have made it perfectly clear that you have no time for me .
i am beginning to feel like i am the ah for being upset at her and being too busy .
do i really need to tell you where this is from ?
take a step back sip a cup of great tea and enjoy every sip of the moment .
drinking tea is not a ritual it is a culture and a moment that brings calm in our otherwise chaotic lives .
from the best tea estates of india a wide range of fresh loose leaf green tea is handcrafted with various unique blends .
the manufacturers promise fresh green tea blends that are curated every week in small batches .
pure and unadulterated green tea is thus produced which is directly supplied to your cup straight from the tea estate !
there are many online tea stores committed to delivering fresh green tea in india .
for personal and corporate gifting the customer can choose from a range of online tea gift sets too .
enhance your everyday with a cup of chaayos green tea https bazaar.chaayos.com .
the ingredients that go into creating these exquisite blends bring the best tea experience of purity to the person enjoying a cup of green tea .
premium fresh loose leaf green tea is sourced directly from the tea estates of assam darjeeling and the nilgiris .
natural tea infusions and exotic hand blended teas create the perfect quality green tea for the consumer .
the tea blends are created only with the fresh produce of flowers spices herbs and other whole leaf tea ingredients .
whole leaf tea retains the maximum flavor and health benefits when compared to dust or broken leaves .
no artificial oils or flavors are added to this natural green tea .
instant tea also has a fresh blend in small quantities every week to keep the aroma and flavor intact .
the participation of the tea tasters and tea experts is instrumental in bringing the best produce out in the market .
online stores are proving to be the easiest way to buy the best indian green tea mixes from anywhere in the world .
all the varieties ranging from malty assam black tea darjeeling tea specialty teas like white tea or oolong teas and green teas are all just a click away .
the packaging of the green tea mix comes with descriptive information such as the season year of plucking region brewing guidelines and the taste profile before you brew your fist cup of green tea .
out of all other types of teas green tea is the least processed tea .
natural long leaf green tea comes with a complex yet delicate character .
the north eastern tea estates of india are large producers of rare and exclusive green teas .
green teas are shipped directly from assam and known for their smooth and delicious taste .
for those individuals who want to make a healthier choice by switching from black tea or coffee to green tea for weight loss https bazaar.chaayos.com/product-category/all_product/green-tea the assam tea has the perfect blend of less astringency and bitterness .
by purchasing green tea from chaayos bazaar you are buying green tea from the small organic farmers of assam .
i made a link on chrome music lab that has the melody that i was thinking of .
i have logged into youtube on 3 different browsers .
on 3 different computers laptop work computer and desktop .
my side panel is completely blank if i click on the 3 bars to open my subscriptions or account is will not load and is completely blank .
if i click on my account icon on the far right nothing loads at all .
does n't even give me the ability to sign out or give feedback .
i can not leave any comments on any videos and i get nothing returned error or try again later .
cleared my cache on my desktop to log back in does n't work .
i am going into battle and i need as much protection as possible are these allowed ?
i 'm currently putting together new armour sets for each raid now they have changed the mod slots this season .
and wondering which element to go for on my chest piece before masterworking to allow me to select the best elemental resistance for the respective raids .
i know each enemy has a bit of a mix of elements so i 'm looking for the one which would be most useful .
would you agree with this or would you change it up from that at all ?
it had been years since i saw the town i grew up in .
since moving to the city i had come to see it for what it was a village that was only a few deaths removed from being a hamlet .
at first i visited my parents for the holidays occasionally bringing along a boyfriend and later my husband peter .
he was born and raised in the city and i 've learned that in those cases you either view the countryside with contempt or through rose-tinted glasses .
luckily for me my husband holds the latter view .
not only that but after a bit of a wary start my parents have warmed up to him to such an extent that i 'm not sure who would get them if we ever split up .
that is not in the cards at the moment though .
the excitement in peter 's voice as he took the exit almost overshadowed the gleeful shouts from the backseat .
i understood their enthusiasm but did n't completely share it .
we had n't taken the long trip since before tobias was born .
the kids would finally get to see where i grew up and to visit their grandparents home .
and peter was always elated when we drove out here as if going to disneyland .
but to my eyes the village felt a little smaller with every visit a little more decrepit a little less like the warm cradle it has once been .
i dreaded how it would look now after so long and i did n't like my own growing disdain .
before i could sink into several layers of self-loathing peter put a hand on my thigh and gave it a little squeeze .
on impulse i undid the top two buttons of my shirt .
it did n't offer much more than a glimpse of the green lace of my bra .
but his hand tightened on my leg and his lips parted slightly his tongue flitting out to wet them .
i spread my legs somewhat and his pinkie came to lie against the denim covering my pussy gently kneading my flesh his little finger pushing against me .
while not a lot it was as much as we could do there were still two babbling toddlers in the back and it was enough .
my breath quickened and i felt my heart beat in my throat .
through half-lidded eyes i still saw boarded up windows an out of business sign even trash on the streets .
shutting out everything but my husband 's touch my arousal quickly overtook my meandering mind .
he pressed into me gripping my thigh almost to the point of pain .
a sliver of surprise hung in the back of my mind i did n't normally rev up this fast .
maybe it was simply the fact that we should n't be doing this or maybe despite all my misgivings being back here made me feel like a teenager again .
whatever the reason i could feel the pressure building deep inside of me .
at any other time i would n't dream of orgasming with two kids so close by .
but now i shifted my hips forward pushing back against his fingers ready to have him guide me straight over the
the kids ' voices shrill and far to loud for the confines of the car were all the warning i got .
the car came to a stop right next to my dad .
i exchanged a glance with peter trying to counter his smirk with at least a little admonishment but i doubt i conveyed any of that my face flushed and my chest heaving .
he leaned towards me as my dad started to get imogen out of the car seat while both she and tobias had started on their enthusiastic and barely comprehensible rants that would last for at least the next half hour .
do n't worry '' peter whispered i 'm not going to leave you like this . ''
the little kiss he planted just below my ear sent a shiver down my spine .
i got out of the car gave my dad a pat on the back in passing still bent over as he was struggling with the booster seat .
grabbing a suitcase from the trunk i rushed towards the house .
peter took the other suitcase and followed close behind .
my mom came through the door just as i reached it .
i wrapped my arms around her and gave her a kiss on the cheek .
gently i moved her to the side clearing the doorway .
i picked up the suitcase again and hurried inside .
even in these circumstances peter sounded genuinely glad to see her .
normally i would heave it up the stairs one step at a time .
now though holding it to my chest with both hands i took the stairs two at a time .
flinging my load in the corner of the spare bedroom i kicked off my shoes while pulling off my shirt .
when peter entered i was on the bed trying to strip my jeans down .
he eyed me for a moment with both lust and mirth before grabbing the legs of my pants and sliding them off with a forceful jerk .
he began unbuttoning his own shirt as i quickly took off my socks .
i would like to say i looked stunning in a matching set but while the green lacy bra did cover my breasts beautifully the worn out black panties were comfortable and quite wet but nothing more .
standing up i slid the shirt from his shoulders and pressed myself against his bare chest .
we made out pouring every morsel of our pent up stress and lust in swirling tongues and wandering hands .
his smell the sweaty scent of the long car ride was familiar safe but at the same time made my stomach flutter .
he pushed me back onto the bed and began to pull at his belt .
my eyes locked on his cock standing almost straight up a drop of precum on the purple head .
when i looked up i saw his gaze drop from the dark hard nipples topping my breasts to my pussy .
it was a bit unkempt i knew but he did n't care not when it was also glistening swollen and welcoming .
he dropped to his knees and i had to stifle a moan when his tongue started its slow lapping .
the pressure that had started building when he put his hand on my thigh in the car had become a ball of energy deep in my stomach .
it seemed to pulse and crackle as he licked along my labia then sent a wave of sparks tingling along every nerve when he reached my clit .
after three such passes i could n't take it anymore .
come here '' i said taking his head in my hands and gently pulling him up .
his cock slid up and down my pussy lips and i moaned into his mouth .
when he entered me up to the hilt in a single stroke we both let out low guttural groans .
staying still for a moment he lifted his head a little and looked into my eyes .
god you are so sexy '' he said through heavy breaths .
i wrapped my legs around his ass shifting my hips upward a bit .
his cock seemed to slip even deeper into me .
fuck me '' i whispered fuck me hard peter . ''
almost as soon as he started moving i careened over the edge .
my muscles contracted and every thrust sent another wave of pleasure pulsing through my body .
i do n't know how long he kept pounding into me .
experience tells me it could n't have been that long but it seemed ages every sense and every thought overpowered by my orgasm .
when it abated somewhat his crescendoing groans made it clear he was close .
he slid back standing up when his feet hit the floor .
i dropped to my knees in front of him grabbed his slick cock firmly by the base and started licking my juices off of its head .
despite still feeling the afterglow of my climax i was still incredibly horny .
as i took him into my mouth my other hand snaked down my stomach until it rested on my aching pussy .
peter moaned and placed a hand on my head .
he pushed himself deeper gently kind almost but i could sense his need .
i massaged my clit with the ball of my hand a light touch on my tender flesh while swirling my tongue around his cock .
when my lips touched the hand i still had wrapped around it he shivered a voiced sigh stuck in his throat .
before i could do anything else his cock quivered and spasmed .
i pulled back halfway and pressed hard against my clit .
he let out a loud groan and started coming .
i moaned the first small jolts of a second orgasm coursing through me .
but before i could get myself there his softening cock slipped from my mouth .
looking up at him i swallowed ostentatiously then pulled the last drops out of him .
my tongue flitted out licking them up and making him shiver again .
he knelt down and kissed me with love if not hunger .
he smirked but started hunting around for his clothes .
i went to the suitcase to grab a fresh set of panties .
all the things that still needed doing before the children could go to bed started running through my mind as i tried in vain to ignore the throbbing in my pussy .
a few hours later i found myself in the grocery store for some last-minute shopping for something stronger to drink than what my parents had in the house .
imogen was sleeping in the stroller as i sauntered through the aisles .
my pussy still gave the occasional throb as if it was hungry and sulking about it .
what 's a girl like you doing in a place like this ? ''
that voice deep and rumbling instantly took me back a decade to summer nights under starry skies sudden spring showers and winter days spent in front of a fireplace .
turning around my vision was filled with nothing but a flannel clad chest .
my eyes traveled upwards past the ginger beard to the deep set green eyes i had once known so well .
i threw my hands around him pressed my face to his chest .
his scent was at once familiar and new comforting and exciting .
what brings you back to our neck of the woods ? ''
without letting go i told him about our first trip to my parents in years .
the hug lasted too long i knew this but it felt surprisingly natural to talk against his chest .
his hands on my back caressed me with minute motions as if he was trying his best to keep them still .
when he finally took a step back i felt a sense of loss .
he asked nodding at the sleeping child in the stroller .
peter and tobias are still at the house . ''
there was a little twitch below my navel and i felt a blush creeping up my cheeks .
she left this town and me at the same time . ''
oh i 'm sorry i did n't know . ''
we both took that as our cue grinning at each other .
it 's been great to see you babe . ''
hearing that old pet name from him caught my breath in my throat .
if you want i can come by one of these days .
my gaze was locked on the floor my words barely a mumble .
i do n't ... look i ca n't not like this .
i put a hand to his cheek my thumb on his lips .
i stood on tiptoes and gave him a light kiss on his cheek .
i 'm looking forward to it '' i said a smile on my lips and a flutter in my stomach before wheeling imogen towards the register .
for the briefest of moments i considered going commando .
but we were n't kids anymore hankering for the quick thrill .
so the choice had fallen on the deep red set .
peter sitting on the bed practically drooled when i came out of the bathroom and i could n't blame him .
my words took a moment to register before his wide-eyed stare turned into a masking grin .
but i bet jack 's going to be . ''
my own nerves would have to wait there would be time for those later .
i knew that the moment i left peter 's mind would try to take the darkest paths .
my thoughts took a similar turn when he went on these kinds of dates .
i straddled him and took his head in my hands .
peter you 're allowed to feel non-happy thoughts . ''
it 's just that you and you and him have a history you know .
pushing him on his back i towered above him for a moment in all my lingerie-clad glory .
i was sure i looked good but i was also a bit unsure right now .
last time jack had seen me naked was more than two children ago .
i leaned down and kissed him grinding on top of him .
i said as i took my dress from the coat hanger .
there 's a chance i might just throw up on him . ''
when peter laughed this time it was completely genuine .
i am setting up qa department for my company from scratch .
i am looking for some help on laying down the testing strategy and testing tools to use .
for reference we are a startup and working on web applications based on react fe python+django be aws hosting github ci/cd .
along with this the data that we are fetching majorly resides on salesforce .
jira+confluence for bug tracking and knowledge sharing can i opt for asana for bug tracking as we are already using that ?
i am new to all this so please bare with me if i have misplaced some information or have left out some important information .
ask me any relevant question if you need it to suggest some ideas for a comprehensive strategy and tools/resources required for this .
watch the whole video give like number and subscribe number in reply along with the video you want me to do the same with
top 5 ways to make money as a student 2021 https youtu.be/j4g2qtlpoig
hi does anyone have a free month code available for headspace ?
we want to be able to send marketing sms campaigns on behalf of small business customers .
any sms marketing tools where you can manage multiple lists '' of phone numbers on the same main account ?
for example see video i 'm looking at a gain on a utility there 's nothing playing .
i have it on stop and the gain is randomly wigging out
are range rovers actually as shitty as people say ?
i have heard that they 're brilliant until they 're not .
basically they work great until they need 5000 worth of work randomly .
like from yt and stuff i 've seen that with all cars regular maintenance is the key to long lasting vehicles .
i 'm tired of people destroying my driveway and falling into my ditch .
can i block off my driveway with wooden poles and cinder blocks ?
i dont usually think any watches are ugly but this is one ugly watch .
it looks like a bad rep of the original haha
if you ever need someone to talk to about it i know it can be an uphill battle to talk about it .
that 's quite a good stuff in a budget .
i think nomarrow padgref hat and shoes will improve your crit rate/do by a lot .
you will need to adjust your trophies a bit and get good ap/mp exo and ocre .
here is what i 'm using and i 'm quite happy with it https d-bk.net/fr/d/cnqr
welcome to mnfh and make sure you have read the rules .
please check a profile before accepting a message request .
if you are underage do not share personal info or accept message requests from nsfw profiles and immediately block the user and inform us in case you have any creepy interaction .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere if you have any questions or concerns .
takes less than 5 min for 150 honor and 5 items .
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't even use the octane but i really dig the tournament decals for it .
your pussy is truly sexy as well but your ability to fist yourself is what makes it truly phenomenal 😍
sounds better than the comedy central in south africa which is just big bang theory and 2 and a half men .
they 've changed the rate temperatures are increasing at and our maximum temperature threshold before severe danger several times now i think it 's currently 4 degrees celsius by 2080 iirc .
this alone should show that even the scientists do n't have any idea what is going on .
the only good content to come out of joe rogan is the clip of bill burr telling him you 're not a scientist either so can we cut the bullshit '' paraphrasing which is applicable to every single time rogan tries to contradict his guest by telling them well you 're not a scientist ''
if legitimate factual studies being quoted to the letter concerns you so much bring a scientist on your podcast .
please remember there are real people on the other side of the monitor and to be kind .
report comments that break the rules and do n't respond to negativity with negativity !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/comics if you have any questions or concerns .
do n't you immediately get one to pop up if you have the thingy from variks active ?
the one which later lets you pick up the scanner buff
not only the most decorated but just the best in the business .
i do n't think i can ever love a stranger more than i love fergie lol .
we all live on a big wet rock that 's floating in space and spinning circles around a huge ball of gas that 's on fire 🔥
goal is to finish my current story and have it edited and posted on the usual sites by the end of the day !
nearing 20k words as i take a small break but i 'm on track to have it finished tonight and then edited by the early afternoon .
pleased with how its turning out but nervous about the reception considering its technically my first m/m story
this will be my my 11th story in just about 6 months of writing !
nearly 200k words written in half a year which is great for me !
i 've started to build up a decent fan base online and i 've been heavily considering making a subscription page of some kind now that i know i can actively write everyday and get my stories out by the timetables i set !
also an artist who is a fan of my work did some really great art of a couple of my characters which really makes me happy .
while this year has been pretty bad overall writing has been the one positive for sure .
been under quarantine again for the past month or so so i 'm starting to go a bit stir crazy from being in the house all day .
but all things considered i 'm doing just fine !
shipping actually seems reasonable from asmodee 14.95 to australia 1-8 weeks ship time though .
much better than the 70-100 it used to be from ffg
i do n't need awards but thank you for the offer .
that is until i read up on all the case information subsequent release of phone calls etc .
i am sorry there is no proof of such that exists !
you 'll find out it was actually le the come up with the incriminating murder bullet before it was found and blamed it on an innocent boy .
the only possible explanation they had come up with that evidence is if they in fact planted it themselves .
unless you can prove me wrong that the bullet was found entirely on brendan 's confession alone with no feeding and coercion otherwise there is no proof sa did the murder .
it sounds like you may of been bamboozled by kratz 's book or a jail house snitches letter .
i just bought my misses a semi-black opal as an engagement stone with red gold green and blue flashes ... fucker is the size of an xbox button and cost me nearly 3k .
a true lightning ridge black opal that size would be looking at like 15k my guy .
and you stuck it on a fuckin ' bong .
also an important distinction louie ck asked for permission first and the women all said yes
it 's absolutely bananas that he had any sort of controversy at all .
it 's only because cosby and weinstein were around the same time that he got in any trouble .
i found it just going through my library for hours ...
you can also just change your name no matter how old you are .
use a cloud managed edr solution like carbon black .
you can force endpoints into an isolation mode and run various commands remotely .
in addition you should probably look at endpoint management tools like jamf intune etc to manage software installs etc remotely .
i checked a few of the dutch websites and all out of stock as well sorry .
persona 4 is a really good turn based modern jrpg .
the story is well focussed and has a smaller amount of grind requires to level up and when you do decide to grind the experience is pretty enjoyable .
it 's nowhere near as good as p5 but still close .
ff7 is still a fantastic game itself and has a great story .
it 's much heavier on the grind than p4 additional battles are random .
at least with p4 you can see an enemy and choose to fight or not .
i would prefer p4 over ff7 just because it 's more focused and respectful of my time .
i do n't have to run around a world map praying for rng god 's to not get me roped into a deadly battle i do n't have to go look into every nook and cranny to find chests or npcs it 's much more obvious and structured in p4 where you need to be and where things are and what needs to be progressed .
i would say if you are enjoying dragon quest 11 then ff7 would be more closely related otherwise p4 is a bit more removed gameplay wise .
they 're all pc at the end of the day .
i 've been taking cbt and have seen good improvement lately .
bro it aint no a easy hard to produce amd losing plames is hard if you have some airports.nuclear bombers are easy to shoot down.cant say that for rockets tho.you got ta gun it down on the ground
i think it 's really interesting that he seemed to get better when you were home all the time but maybe that was a total coincidence .
i 've read some stuff about dogs being able to go on a lower dose of trilostane or stop it entirely with alternative treatment of acupuncture and chinese herbs .
never heard of the cushing 's just going away though i wish that would happen for my dog !
thank goodness you kept doing the bloodwork to monitor his cortisol levels .
if i may add that is some crazy beautiful flawless skin .
bruh your gacha version of yourself looks like me but if my blue streak is a fade and actually got re-dyed
the most generic names in gaming history ... john thomas and steve .
if shinobi would 've showed up there could been a joe too
and the two of those six who have got hold of a next gen console
either to see gram gram or doing it for the 'gram
it was obviously not shaibel but it definitely felt like him .
also as a side note i 'm wondering if there 's any symbolism to the surroundings/outfit/hair being white in the ending scene as opposed to the dark atmosphere in the shaibel scenes ... maybe something to do with control and having the first move rather than responding ?
oh hey i just became aware that you guilded my previous comment also .
ive seen my gf like 8 times maybe since this whole thing started in the beginning of the year most of those only for 1 night .
its been 2 months since i saw her and prob gon na be like 4 more .
why tf am i killing myself not seeing her when people are gon na go out to two different peoples house on nye .
like fr im so sad to not see her and nobodys even distancing .
double check the seller did n't already make it region free for you !
no because after i die its very suddenly not my problem
i only have my parents to thank for pretty much only speaking cantonese to me at home even now .
i noticed that when i 'm away for months my cantonese will decline .
keep speaking cantonese on the regular and you will improve !
bch was also created to fix the scaling issues .
personally i support bch because it has much wider adoption
if x player wanted it as bad as kobe and mj he would 've won a championship by now it 's as simple as that . ''
please tell me you see how horrible this argument is .
there 's so much more to winning championships than just wanting it .
you ca n't possibly boil something so rare and difficult to attain to that one attribute .
i love how she teases his head into that deep red color
your comment https www.reddit.com/r/studentloans/comments/knc1oa/i_failed_the_bar_exam_and_do_not_know_how_i_am/ghm4789 in r/studentloans was automatically removed for profanity .
r/studentloans is geared towards a wide range of users including minors seeking information and advice .
to help us maintain a community that everyone feels comfortable participating in and to avoid being blocked by parent/school/work filters please resubmit your post or comment without using profane language .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/studentloans if you have any questions or concerns .
someone need to be bold and step up to argue for weed on television over there
so we need to have two theaters running the same thing at all times one with and one without ?
i mean technically we are supposed to be reducing the number of people in any given room right now and there are a lot of theaters and not a lot of movies showing but somehow having the option seems like a bad choice .
or did you mean that as long as one person requests them they will just play them for your movie and everyone else will just deal with it like it was mandatory ?
it 's very common among tlj fans to use the term in a manner that basically means if it 's something the fans might enjoy seeing then it 's fanservice
what the hell happened with workshops this year to quadruple its price ?
wow yeah ... . it never occurred to me because it all worked out but dunder mifflin pinched him off like a turd no fucks given and was then full steam a head without him .
pretty icy especially since he 's been there for over 10 years .
makes tierney even more nailed but i would rather save money by going for gabriel when fit or holding if i was going there
so why does the leave bloc still matter surely they ceased to exist too
i 've gotten embry 5x so far ca n't sniff rj or anyone else for that matter..effin 2k man
line pack sides with poles put tent fly and tent in a compression bag with pegs wherever .
we actually broke all 3 crystal like less then 10 second and we have basically just do 20k dmg 3 times tq to bennet
paraphrasing making up shit i never said in this case .
to add to everyone else 's comments i wonder if a call to medicaid would help ?
they need to know if a provider is n't caring well for patients especially with so much legal protection around not discriminating against medicaid patients .
i want to believe you but you said plug 12/31 calls would be 10 baggers lol
for the love of god please stop spreading false or at the very least unfounded rumours .
i picture this as a scene from family guy 😂
if we see homo sapiens as an animal then the natural meaning is the instinctual cycle of life birth survival reproduction death .
but if we see us as something more than animals due to our evolution then we leave the sphere of instinct in favor of the abstract one and we search for something different .
just from reading the description and your suspicion that you 're a tr i 'd suggest looking into sd .
but it 's best to see some pictures or a video to type accurately .
the worst part of the news station bill o'reilly is long fucking gone
he is a proven neo nazis who will gladly sacrifice millions so he can go back to party and believes anyone who is born with health complications deserves to die so he can go back to work .
lovely chap just ignore him no reasoning with him .
you can however the sprint to fire time has a bit of delay .
more like r/what the fuck is the point of this clip ?
she certainly is but that 's just one person in the whole 'athletes and their other halves ' thing .
not many of the other ones we spoke about on that thread were .
eta ohhhhh i kind of read the question of 'wouldnt they be celebrities ' as they like athletes and their other halves ' generally referencing my mention of the thread not being made again .
but maybe the poster meant they as in lv and pk .
but anyway i mean what i mean about athletes but yes in regard to lv she is an athlete and kind of a celeb in her own right that 's true .
but that 's not what i was referring to when it comes to wives and girlfriends of other athletes .
that 's just the biggest bit of goss i can think about in my hockey fan world .
even if you were okay with the whole thing he lied ! ! !
he planned all along to sleep in the same bed with her and lied about .
a lie of omission is the same as a bald face lie .
then when confronted he lied again and made it seem like it was one night when in fact it was not .
on top of all the lies that he planned ! ! !
he is now making it seem like you are making a big deal out of nothing and is not even sorry that he broke your trust .
brings back memories we technically had these responsibilities as we were guarding field intelligence camps with very sensitive electronics and equipment but i bet our lt and captain would have thrown a fit if we actually touched civilians denying access to officers who forgot their id on the other hand was fun
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
you very patiently waited by his side for 14 years knowing that you would never be good enough in his parents eyes .
i 'm sorry for your loss and that they could n't see he found the perfect life partner and accept the love of his life .
that 's how i was too man it can definitely b learned !
luka has never been a good outside shooter here or in europe and he 's starting the season cold after recovering from an ankle injury .
does n't help that he 's visibly out of shape and your jumper starts with the legs .
i have a very old grandfather 's clock 200 years and a lot of people that worked on it have signed it including my father and a 12 year old me it makes the clock so much cooler
never had to do any equations unless it was super simple like f=ma .
i studied the mometrix texes science 7-12 test prep a month before and passed .
ah good then i would recommend not using handbrake to make the file smaller .
youtube is going to re-encode your video so now it 's being encoded for a 3rd time .
40 min to an hour for an upload is n't bad .
i 'd definitely wait longer for an upload than sacrifice any more quality .
youtube tends to use low re-encode settings for 1080p and under content so you do n't want to sacrifice any quality before you upload .
'mutual obedience ' is bloody scary when talking about marriage 😂
hahaha i 'm in wi and that thought has never occurred to me and you are insane .
local bars always use swag from vendors for drinking glasses and wall coverings its functional and free .
you look for the tap to tell you whats current .
jesus that 's one serious engine for three mana .
along with being a 2/4 i ca n't see this not going into my sephara deck hell i ca n't see it not going into any angel tribal deck .
dad died when i was 19 drank to cope and a decade disappeared .
29 now and going to meetings at least once a week .
the fact that you 've acknowledged it means you 're ready for this .
but fuck yeah get your life back it 's yours !
and 0 mention of a western release even in the fine print at the end .
he can have whoever he wants on i dont see the issue
ah finally a good sequel meme that does n't endlessly bash the sequels .
it 's just made to make you laugh we need more memes like this .
this video has to be the most winnipeg fight ever xd
literally the only thing missing was one of them yelling wassup north side buddy fok ! ''
i 'm not really sure what distributism is i myself am a socialist but much respect to you all .
no one cares nor does anyone fucking spell correctly over the internet .
the whole point of it is to understand what the person is saying and i understand what you are saying so grammar is not relevant to the situation .
this sounds like a super bougie lame thing to say but it literally smells just like le labo perfume santal 33 ! !
that 's what happens with anything that is good but becomes popular .
my main hope is just that it does n't get into fujimoto 's head and he does n't dilute and water everything down just to try to appeal to being more mainstream .
i worry he 's already done it with what happened in ch 96 tbh but we 'll find out in part 2
me personally i had the 525 690 and superduke gt non of wich gave me any problems accept the 690 had to go in for a new dash under warranty .
however for my 3 perfectly running bikes i know many ower 40 different ktms that people had to invest 70 of the original price just to get them running good again .
unfortionately most of those things had to be fixed after warranty .
but just becouse i had a terrific run with my bikes dosent mean you will too .
but at the end of the day if yourr buying newer and know a thing or 2 about mechanics you should be good as youl be able to spot a lot of problems before they cause a big pile of money pit .
well it probably has something to do with you being yoasobi fan ... also legosi is not a monster in any way
yes just get whatever you can at this point lol
i made the preliminary drawing freehand so some details vary from the original but i am still happy with it .
i think i would knock the top end of the power down a bit if i did any more some were a little dark overall i thought
the holy inquisition of his divine majesty the god-emperor of mankind contain a great many factions and sects driven by a myriad of convoluted ideologies raw fanaticism and harrowing revelations .
one such obscure faction are the monumentalists regarded as blinkered and myopic by most other inquisitors .
monumentalists believe in purifying mankind 's devotion to the emperor through backbreaking great works and the erection of titanic edifices .
monumentalists ensnare planetary elites regional leaders of the adeptus ministorum and other ruling oligarchies into initiating megalomaniac construction projects .
these often require the mobilization of entire continents ' worlds ' or even systems ' worth of manpower resources and logistical support networks .
swathes of planetary provinces or even entire planets are enslaved under the new gruelling dictates of quarrying mining transporting laying foundations and building .
the purpose behind such an enormous mustering of people industries and natural resources is not simply the creation of material glorifications to the terran imperator but of putting humanity through a trial by toil .
the massive suffering and death incurred by the giant construction projects themselves and by the steep demands put upon the economy and an impoverished populace are the primary means by which monumentalists strive to realize their goals .
monumentalism aim to challenge the loyalty and faith of man by driving him to the breaking point through despair loss and neverending hardships .
only those truly devoted to the golden throne will be able to bear the brunt of endless taskmaster brutality tax collector ruthlessness and cruel work regime even by imperial standards without cracking and falling into sedition thought of self and heresy .
as such monumentalist inquisitors take less interest in the architecture and engineering of the work itself but focus instead on detecting rooting out and crushing any deviants and dissatisfied imperial subjects likely to emerge due to the harrowing human costs of gargantuan monument building .
to this inquisitorial sect the stunning edifices left behind by succesful monumentalist operations stand as material proof of the spiritual purification of the local population through blood and toil .
beside the physical constructions are also to be found the mountainous mass graves of starved people worked to death their bones often incorporated into the monument itself as well as the charred mounds of men women and children publicly tortured and burnt to death for daring to protest and rebel against the harsh demands of their rightful overlords .
regarded as obsessively narrow-minded by other inquisitorial factions monumentalists are a puritan sect with origins tracing back as far as m33 its roots intimately connected with the growth of the ecclesiarchy and said organization 's temple building spree .
one infamous smudge on the sect 's record is the fact that a majority of all monumentalists energetically supported high lord goge vandire 's insane and self-glorifying monumental building projects throughout the imperium during its age of apostasy .
to the blinkered minds of monumentalists at the time the decrees of vandire were proof that the god-emperor himself had judged their cause to be righteous as evidenced by his will as carried out through his appointed representatives on holy terra via his divine emanations .
monumentalism among the inquisition surged briefly during the age of apostasy only to fall in numbers as cabals of vengeful inquisitors tried and punished a considerable number of individual inquisitors suspected of apostasy .
many of those within the inquisiton thus put to torture and torch following goge vandire 's downfall were monumentalists but the ideology itself was never outlawed nor suppressed .
five millenia later monumentalism persists as but one demented school of thought among many others among the hallowed ranks of the god-emperor 's holy inquisition .
'' you will haul your burdens until the palms of your hands bleed .
you will shoulder your loads until your back breaks .
you will toil away until your knuckles are flayed to the bone .
you will grasp your tools until your fingers fall off .
and you will give up your sons and daughters for toil and then their sons and daughters for like toil .
and you will take heart upon seeing your kindred and loved ones fall dead from exhaustion for theirs is a noble sacrifice .
and you will thank the overseer for the lashes for they purge your wickedness .
and you will rejoice over this whole undertaking and give praise thrice to him on terra for a joyous lot is yours .
monumentalist inquisitor vanessa flavinia during a rare voxcast publicae speech to the indentured work gangs constructing the colossal statuary of sebastian thor appointed by the god-emperor in splendour following the utter annihilation of 538 million insurgents in the equatorial quarries of sejanus minoris
this submission was automatically removed because it did not have the correct title format .
titles need to follow the format gender/age/height weight before weight after total amount lost personal title
gender must be one letter m '' f '' t '' etc .
for best results copy/paste the above example and replace the information with your own .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/progresspics if you have any questions or concerns .
all i do is buy plants and try really hard not to hurt them on the way home .
my monstera took a dive in the car ride home the other day .
it 's the defender 's fault for being unable to control their momentum though
i 'm sorry to hear about your mom and i hope she recovers and i 'm proud of you for making it through this sober !
only time arthur was in cornwall he was a sperm meeting an ova
i tried vue and did n't really enjoy the way it worked .
i would learn react first but i tend to use next which is built on react
if you keep your house in order which we do n't then you should put them away so that you can use the table for other stuff such as carving up dead bodies and writing on a flat and smooth surface .
however our house is in constant turmoil so the placemats just get moved to the side whenever we need to interrogate an orc .
you should have been the bigger person and got on with life and had little to no interaction with him .
people make mistakes as kids and as much as you were hurt it still does n't give you to right to fire him for no reason other than revenge
and the a71 has snapdragon ... . qualcomm snapdragon 730 to be precise .
honestly that name etc goes over my head as i 'm not too technical haha
in game an alliance is nothing more than peace treaty with benefits .
the moment an ally stops being useful or beneficial i 'm dumping their ass and conquering them asap
because i am 84.75725 sure that monerisia is not a bot .
i am a neural network being trained to detect spammers summon me with ! isbot username r/spambotdetector optout https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=whynotcollegeboard subject ! optout message ! optout original github https github.com/sm-wistful/botdetection-algorithm
i agree with the first and last ones but that middle one scares me
the best suggestion would be if you have patience and time start from the beginning ... log all the way out from any devices you may be signed into and keep trouble shooting it until it 's fixed using these steps .
the notes i made regarding the address is ultimately what is going to get you past the loophole .
enigma was my main hero for years until it was butchered into oblivion for many many years now .
eni was seriously one of the few heros that was able to turn a lost game around with a single good blackhole especially when midnight pulse still was pure damage you were the only thing that could chew through even the tankiest enemy carries easily .
oh my god if you eat nuclear pizza you become black ?
yeah poor fil pleading to keep mil mollified so he could drink ? !
she needs you to respond so she can get her do over baby back ... . you give her what you want her to have .
when you decide to reach out do or do n't that is your choice not for her to tell you how to do .
i have a grey k2 with your name on it .
thank you for posting in the pokemon go global trades community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/spoofertrades if you have any questions or concerns .
drinking coke it hurts my tongue and my throat when i drink it
which then means she got too many worms digging the ground
and on the other hand they made gifts such as this to our biggest oligarch ahmed dogan https images.app.goo.gl/7ca38oh4fyy3l3fy6
this is how lukoil took over our gas market by funding politicians crooks and mobsters .
these schemes are extremely common in many sectors but as of late they 've been kept out of the government and this is why the anti-bulgarian scapegoating has intensified .
i guess when i started to engage in « debates » and meaningful conversations online in english and stopped using subtitles on netflix .
idk where i saw that but apparently you 're considered fluent when you can clearly express what you mean and can defend your opinions .
k sorry '' i 'm not racist so i do n't worry about things like this
also pretty sure nick fury became black way before the movies
the one from the main marvel comics universe earth 616 is a white man but in the ultimate universe continuity which launched in 2000 he 's a black man who looks just like samuel l. jackson ''
yup just another example of people complaining about marvel movies not being accurate to the books when they do n't know shit about marvel wow i 'm shocked
marvel characters are multiple different people all the time it 's a common thing in that universe .
you sound like the people complaining about female thor 🙄
also i 'm not expected to read every single comment on a post including ones that may have been made after i put down my phone earlier jfc
i used to do try on pics when i first started and i found that made a grand total of fuck all difference to my exposure and sales
hah yeah its just one of those things you either believe or do n't .
did n't mean to get rattled up there by it .
well r/mario is on the list but only has 69,000 people which is a bit of a low number
i feel like having a subreddit devoted to hating you is points toward being the most unlikeable .
uk shuts down and it makes headline news at 1mm of snow .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/booty_queens if you have any questions or concerns .
no i mean in combat bribe the opposition so they 'll stop opposing you taken out '' means they took the money and left .
so how much are they paying you for this ? ''
would he like to play basketball for another cream and crimson school and help win a national championship ?
this is way deeper than a simple vpn related question gaming is so big in korea that they have laws preventing anyone under 16 from playing any game after certain hours .
they have laws that fine you 300 to 2000 for insulting people in video games .
they have laws that forbid you from boosting another players account or you 're fined up to 18,000 and get a 2 year suspended prison sentence .
also on a more personal level you most likely do n't share the same mentality that the native korean players have as far as desire to improve and win so you 're not desired by them as a fellow player .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo
i got the first stimulus check rather quickly via direct deposit .
same bank same address still happily with my husband .
in many ways child transitioners are like the libertarian trust fund kids of the trans community.
no ones stopping you from winging it but it 's not hard for an insurance company to investigate and skim through the police report lol .
if the accident is severe enough you will not have time to hide your bags or ditch the food .
and before you say hide it in your trunk that 's the first hatch that 's gon na pop open after an accident 😂
i 've done asylum and city arkham is my next and that 's just the ar challenges such amazing games .
i got the return to arkham bundle for aus 21 even though i have them on pc if you do n't 100 on ps did you even platinum ?
unfortunately your post has been removed because it 's likely a repost of this previous submission https www.reddit.com/r/comedycemetery/comments/knbs62/kenu_reves .
if you think your post should n't have been removed please reply to this comment and a moderator will look into it .
and for a points league i do n't like the fit .
had him last year and he stunk it up .
i 'd stream kanter over rostering mrob in a point league .
unless your scoring settings allow like 5 points per block .
those kids could provide for our country for the next 50 years easily if they had proper shelter .
most people do n't see a long term goal in this country though .
so instead most of them will probably join a gang and/or sell drugs and kill people and eventually die before they get 30 because that 's what they were all taught about life .
most of your big power boosts will come from feats or magic items .
whether you want hyperrealistic or not you ca n't deny that every line on that thing is janky .
if youre getting a tattoo like this where it is just like work i 'm pretty sure you would n't want it to look like your artist had parkinson 's .
if anything the eu should be held accountable for not ameding it 's existing article to accommodate this scenario .
you need to direct your complaints at the member states .
colt smg with muzzle booster also have 1080 rof if you can control recoil colt smg is a god feels like a m231 with lighter recoil
lmfao i 've never done that but i 'll give it a shot
it was a highlight of my time at that job
police knocked once and never bothered to try to contact him again .
reason being if you have a bright and vibrant camo people will be able to visually see you ship easier when under detect ability range .
if you have a black camo then it 's harder to see the ship when in detectbility range .
it 's not going to make a huge difference but two extra seconds is sometimes the difference between life and death .
to be fair i think that 's a pretty common thing for paranoid people .
i refuse to give my number too if i call about a potentially violent situation with neighbors i.e .
hear someone beating a housemate yeah i 'll call anonymously
but i definitely panic when i 'm like yeah not leaving my number .
as a woman of color ... yeah ... there 's a strange thing where old white guys think that all women of color are gon na suck their dicks if the old white dude smiles at you .
they just assume that we 're all fresh off the boat and need someone to save them .
at no point have i argued what the wording is or how they work raw .
i stated that since spores specifies use of wild shape and not this feature it may have been a reasonable mistake to use that wording on the new classes .
edit to elaborate there are exactly three circle that have alternate uses for wild shape .
the two that say this feature are both in the same book so it 's entirely possible that one say wildfire was not supposed to end on use of wildshape that they accidentally used the same wording on stars even though stars involves a physical transformation like spores .
or maybe they meant both new the end on use of wild shape .
it 's all as if i said i suspect to express a thought and not decree a factual statement .
i would appreciate a photo from the front of your face .
spurs have been in terrible form the past four games .
son and kane have been expected to carry spurs for 180 minutes over the past week .
it 's definitely not a good decision to tc him this week .
i think people with kane on their team should be grateful he did n't play yesterday bc he probably would 've gotten hurt from overdoing it like he did the last two christmas seasons .
oh shit i see a steak knife i can hope its good enough ...
or a hetero romance between a girl and a zombie .
who also ate the brains of said girl 's boyfriend only for her to fall in love anyways .
nta and i think you should cut this for good first because it 's annoying having people at your house all the time second because your dad is the one paying for this if they ca n't respect him they should n't benefit from his money .
she sounds like someone who went to culinary school but has n't actually worked in any form of food service .
i own a restaurant and when it 's busy i live off slightly burnt tortillas or mistake orders .
holy fuck she is way hotter than gal gadot .
parang stressful pag royal mail lalo na walang tracking at nasa isla ako .
haha nakakahinayang naman magbayad ng 20gbp eh 35gbp lang na tshirt bibilhin ko .
check out the other subreddit r/famosasgostosas https www.reddit.com/r/famosasgostosas for brazilian international hot celebrities .
if you break this subreddit 's rules https www.reddit.com/r/rebolando_/w/rules it will result in a ban .
to prevent downloader bots spam please use the link provided above to download the video .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rebolando if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly i 've come to the conclusion that the only way to beat these guys is to be just as crazy .
if i ever end up in situation where i 'd have to run against a q nutter i 'd just accuse them of everything they accuse me of .
this message does not mean you 've been verified .
your request for verification has been sent and is being evaluated by our mod team .
if we find that your verification post sufficiently meets out rules we will let you know by commenting in this thread and by adding your verified foot model user-flair to your username .
this can take time so please do not message us right after posting wondering why you have n't been verified yet .
once you have been verified you will be able to post freely on our subreddit .
to get acquainted with how we work please review our community rules and view our subreddit megathreads for community info https www.reddit.com/r/verifiedfeet/comments/cllpwr/community_info_megathread post flair glossary https www.reddit.com/r/verifiedfeet/comments/cllh9l/postflair_glossary_w_examples with examples and definitions contest info https www.reddit.com/r/verifiedfeet/comments/clliy8/contests_megathread and collaboration posts https www.reddit.com/r/verifiedfeet/comments/ibh8db/collaboration_posts_megathread ? utm_source=share utm_medium=web2x context=3 .
all of which can also be found on our community sidebar .
r/verifiedfeet is a high quality and exclusive content subreddit meaning above-average content that is not recycled/reposted across several other foot related subreddits .
by posting exclusive content your chances of winning our contests and being promoted go way up .
verified foot model every model begins as a verified foot model and are required to post verification .
verified foot goddess these models show an increased aptitude for high quality posts exclusive content not posted anywhere else and are beginning to stand out from the crowd .
supermodel these models have been single and 2-factor verified post exclusive content and are at the top of their game .
they collaborate together and with the mods for community improvement and get a permanent spot on the sidebar .
each supermodel is chosen for different and unique reasons .
please consider joining our associated subreddits r/nymphoninja r/verifiedsexy r/selfworship r/publicfeetpics and r/verifiedfeetgifs !
read our new model faq here https www.reddit.com/r/verifiedfeet/comments/k1hxgd/new_to_reddit_new_model_faq ? utm_source=share utm_medium=web2x context=3
note this action was performed automatically and does n't mean that you are verified .
you will receive a confirmation from the mods once you are approved .
do n't delete this post as it is your proof of verification .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/verifiedfeet if you have any questions or concerns .
alright found the cause my drinking glass had broke during the night
i agree that it is all for fun as you say but i think there were way more clues as to what is going on than we realize .
they plotted out the first 5 years of the show when they sold it to netflix and in season 2 it was already flirting with the territory that dark and mr .
ok i refer to many things as he i really do n't refer to them as anything else the same goes for characters in other games
as a product of dare learning that it was counterproductive is the most fun fact i 've had all week .
for me drawing and equivalency between weed and meth is exactly what made it all loose credibility for me and everyone around me .
you ca n't show me someone who 's smoked meth or crack or binge drank for 6 months and then show me a pot head and say yep !
all of that is the same bad '' get the fuck outta here .
gems were really fun imo..farming is great if u are into it they could 've been more varied tho miyazaki said himself how he could 've done more with them
i do hope they bring them back in elden ring ... i think it would be interesting if they decide to ditch upgrade materials and focus on raising wep dmg with stats and gems alone ... chunks are so fucking hard to get in bb for example if u want to upgrade a lot of stuff later
... and mihoyo saw fit to kill fathers with young children instead of this absolute moron
i know how to grow it myself. know others who grow and it is easier to find good shit and not be scammed .
and i am more educated about the effects than i was as a teenager
tbh 3 of those are because i got a good story from it .
first of all you have lot of disorders but the thing you described is pretty common .
this fear of speaking with others and worrying about consequences is normal everyone have it .
the more you speak less you worry about this but you never get rid of this .
the key for overcoming this is to understand that everyone focuses on themselves and feels same about this .
noone cares about humiliation of others as much as about their own .
second of all i am not an expert to those disorders but if you try to distract yourself it might help so you do n't feel as depressed and such .
if you just focused on conversation or something it might help but i 'm not sure .
just giving callouts to random people gets you started and sometimes people starts more conversation and often they will just chat with you regularly and it can even become normal friendship .
so this can be escalated as your confidence goes up .
and when you do n't know what to talk about try asking them stuff about them then sometimes add something about you .
you can even prepare some subjects you could start talking about .
i 'm rooting against memphis just because of their trump-like fans .
literally defending a dirty player and flat out denying the video evidence then playing the victim and demanding empathy .
hey day 6 is way harder than day 500 bud .
keep that shit up and make sure you celebrate day 7 !
i 'm only stopping tomorrow symbolically as i propose to my girl .
she was my rock through all this and if i did n't have her i would have drank/smoked myself to death .
i owe it all to her and symbolically ending my streak because she 's the only thing more important than it .
then it will also be nice to have the weight of the streak off my shoulders and i will continue to workout consistently training for a 80k in 2021 but not necessarily every day .
and i know you wo n't believe me because i did n't believe people here when they said it to me but shit will be rough and you will often doubt your decision but life is waaaay better sober long term .
what makes it one of the best countries in your opinion ?
i mean are we including the african continent and the arab countries ?
in that case yes its better than them but its in the bottom of the developed countries where you want to live anyways .
that was just chuck picking up some cadbury 's and irn-bru the real stuff is hard to get in the states .
as a muldy player i can attest to how hard it is to avoid the trap of just jamming a bunch of value permanents in the deck and trying to win by attrition .
i forced myself to rebuild mine with more of a focus theft auras and enchantress .
i also think muldrotha is the perfect deck to run thassa 's oracle and lab man .
you make sure you have a clear way to end the game and you 'll probably be milling yourself quite a bit anyway .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
love your tattoo and everything else about you too !
that last sequence of him on the battlefield was nothing but amazing .
does seem a strange one given the limited potential .
burnley 's fan base is petty much limited to the town itself and that 's only about 70,000 people .
bristol city would be an excellent investment i think .
bristol is by far the biggest city in england that has never had a premier league team loads of potential there .
you are begining to transcend into a confident man .
do n't be scared if suddenly you begin to feel more handsome it 's a well known side-effect .
for god 's sake why are people so stupid 🤦🏼‍♀️
they also wo n't run out of things if you do n't shop for the apocalypse .
if you do here 's a great little nonsensical story for you to turn off your brain and read while you 're stuck in the toilet with nothing to do .
here 's the premise of my new story ' i want to save the world but the goddess tells me to text my ex https www.royalroad.com/fiction/38232/i-want-to-save-the-world-but-the-goddess-tells '
andrew garage thought he was the chosen one.stuck in a time loop that reset whenever a meteor crashed to earth he was determined to save mankind and get himself out of the loop .
on his seventh try he finally eliminated the catastrophic meteorite with an antimatter gun.however a self-proclaimed goddess suddenly appeared and sent andrew back into the loop again because he saved the world 'the wrong way ' .
as andrew bitterly scavenged for solutions he found out that the reason the meteor kept crashing into earth because .
great for people with anuses and people who wants to destroy meteorites .
not recommended for people who expect actual logic like not winning the lottery five times in a row .
if you like please click on this link https www.royalroad.com/fiction/38232/i-want-to-save-the-world-but-the-goddess-tells and start binging !
shallon mentions therapy and a lot and recommends it often .
i 've always wanted to go to therapy to work some issues out about my family that i see bleed into other areas of my life .
i truly believe the mind needs therapy as much as the body does usually more so .
does anyone have any advice on finding a therapist ?
how do you find one that 's a good fit or even know if one is a good fit or not ?
i 've always shied away from it because it seems daunting to get the ball rolling .
and i know this might be a little tougher in covid times but i 'd appreciate any of your thoughts .
any stay at home moms in here who attempted to reconcile after their husband cheated but then later decided to divorce their husband ?
my husband is putting in a lot of work to reconcile we are in couples counseling and individual counseling we are both trying .
but every day i fall more out of love or become more indifferent towards him .
but i 'm feeling stuck because i stay home with our young kids so i have no income of my own .
i 'm afraid to just leave with the kids to stay with family and have a judge look at me as taking the kids away across state lines .
wondering if any stay at home moms have been through this and what steps they took to finally leave ?
especially if their support system was in another state and they wanted to move the kids with them to the other state ?
ok so i 'm sure you all including myself really do n't want to wait any longer for spiral to come out .
we 're all having to wait another whole year until may 2021 since the originally planned date of may 2020 .
however if we do face yet another delay which is still unfortunately possible at this time when do you personally see us seeing spiral ?
personally i think if we do see another delay it 's only going to be a few more months i do n't think they would delay the movie for whole year again unless they really had to .
with the news of vaccines being rolled out soon by the middle of next year the world will hopefully be back to some sort of normality far far from life before covid of course but some sort of normality once people start getting vaccines .
we run a relaxed tournament on the north american server and the sign ups for second season have opened today .
regular season tuesdays at 6:00 pm pacific and thursdays at 8:00pm pacific beginning 5 jan 2021 and ending 11 feb 2021 .
finals tue 16 feb 6:00 pm pacific and thu 18 feb 8:00 pm pacific .
relaxed league designed as a scrim club to allow for coordinated games during the ngs offseason .
three game sets at a set time each week .
teams may sign up for a single night or both nights as the two days are independent of each other .
the white australia policy encapsulated a set of historical policies that aimed to forbid people of non-european ethnic origin especially asians primarily chinese and pacific islanders from immigrating to australia starting in 1901 .
i see a bunch of 2013 mazda 3 nav head units on ebay at the moment and i was wondering if they 'd work in my 2012 .
if so what else would i need to go along with it ?
think how cool it would be if we got a book that was just going to different worlds in the cosmere .
like it could starts on roshar or scadrial with a random person that for some reason gets picked up by a worldhopper and they explore the cosmere together .
it could be a way to show so many locations that may not get their own novel or novella .
i m33 am in the midst of courting a lady f52 and am looking to get a fashionable new fedora to seal the deal .
any suggestions from you fine gentlemen and women i do n't judge .
i 'm a relatively fit white clean guy and i live on the north side of the city in lakeview .
i would love to find a chubby girl who wants to lay back and let me spend some time with my head between your legs .
i 'm discreet i can host at my place or travel to you and i 'm ideally looking for today or tomorrow .
how would you guys say fps is this season worse or better then season 4 thanks
keralis the richest dude on planet who spends his wealth like nobody 's business .
mumbo the manipulated genius who never knows what and where he belongs to .
iskall the uber rich guy who pretends to be poor and files for bankruptcy to escape taxes ... .
impulse tango brothers on two different sides of political spectrum .
xisuma godfather who never uses his influence for his own benefits .
etho rogue genius who rarely showed up in the past but finally accepted the hc as his home ... ..
i was watching some of the gracie challenge and the result of them are not surprising cause takedowns grappling were not the focus of most traditional martial arts back then .
i am aware that those challenges were set to promote gracie j
but still i was wondering what were the ruleset of those challenge and did the gracies challenged only traditional martial arts school karate kung fu taekwondo ... or were they also challenging kick-boxing school judo sambo ...
i know we not suppose to use electric with chongy boy but would n't superconduct increase shatter dmg since it 's physical ?
or is the payoff just not as good as it sounds ?
a place for members of r/chrischristiesass to chat with each other
everyone who was a senior in 2013 except for those held back like fiona who showed up her junior year anyway would have been freshmen during season 6-7 .
according to the wiki degrassi stops being a middle school at season 6 becoming strictly a high school from then on .
if we are to assume that at least some of class 2013 also attended as 7th and 8th graders probably katie marisol moe and possibly imogen .
not sure about eli because it 's never said if he was new in season 10 or if he has been there the whole time in canon then that means their class has been present for the most events out of any class .
they would have been present for the 2004 shooting jt 's death and memorial the lakehurst merge and ensuing rivalry whatever shit happened in season 8 and 9 and then everything in season 10-12 which i consider to be the most eventful seasons in degrassi .
this would also make them the class that has gone to school with the most other classes .
it 's just so weird how we consider the emma era to be so far removed from more recent degrassi because of all the retcons making it longer and we associate these characters in completely separate periods when an actuality the shooting would have been nearly 6 years old by 2013 and jt has been dead for only 3 years .
love the service but i am not sure i am grasping all the technical aspects .
yeah i know so does everyone else but this one is mine and it makes me feel all warm and snugly we are stating to produce multiple campaigns and are looking for options to distinguish them without diluting what little branding we have .
using categories seems like an option but i fear my level of understanding is inadequate .
could someone eli5 blubrry categories and/or other options you are familiar with ?
i kind of just categorize it all as the same thing and get around the same amount of hurt from any of these .
i apologize for the incoming wall of text it 's my pondering over this for the last two weeks so bear with me please .
3 members of the group got turned into lunch for some mindflayers and now we are being brought back from the dead our dm is letting us change basically everything about the character but the race .
the party is a cleric a samurai and a great weapons master barbarian .
our cleric has decided to turn into a paladin so i am planning on taking over as the full time band aid box .
however i have no interest in playing a full cleric just want to 1 dip for the voice of authority/armor prof and out .
my race is a half elf and i am currently a divwiz2/lorebard7 .
the basic combo i am looking to produce is bonus action spell on party melee giving them an attack i get a cantrip still to use .
i want something that can heal buff and maybe a little control/aoe spells .
my character has a staff of fire so i get 1-2 free fireballs a day for blasting purposes .
simple change to the character but i do n't have much in the ways of cantrip damage .
vicious mockery is sort of losing it 's neatness now that things are getting more than one attack a round but it 's ok. get to keep my cutting words and general bardiness/skill monkey .
cherry picking spells with lore bard can let me get some nice buffs and still be able to try to stop attacks from hitting with cutting words .
one of my asi is going towards ritual spells as they are needed in our magic-lacking party someone has to know detect magic and identify plus familiar yay !
would probably pick up aura of vitality and/or get haste for the concentration usage .
option 2 is dropping bard and going star druid8/cleric 1 for the extra 1d8+wis on casting a heal spell while in chalice starry form .
the weal/woe ability lets me keep a mini version of bardic inspiration/cutting words .
would get the nice druid aoe control spells to throw around that we are seriously missing or just use the concentration to upkeep bless or even conjure doggos for meat-shields .
this would give me a free familiar through a wild shape cast with the new wild companion rules .
would get my ritual caster for the general spells we are missing .
if i got my hands on a moon sickle i could be adding another 1d4 to my healing spells .
of course most of my spell slots here are going to spamming healing word to get the voa proc to get the extra healing .
note could use shepherd druid here as well for the unicorn spirit instead of the star druid but free guidance and free castings of guiding bolt are tempting me .
the 3 warlock is for the spell slots for me to turn into spell points on a short rest plus the pact of the tome/book of secrets would get me rituals and my familiar that we could really use in the party .
agonized eldritch blast here yay finally a high damage cantrip !
i would be taking careful spell and twinned spell for the metamagic .
careful spell means i could use stuff like catapult have my melee friend autosave but still get to attack from voa because the spell targeted them .
twin spell because twinned haste or healing word is awesome obviously .
basically with this version i can do other stuff to proc the voa attacks besides healing word .
my spell slots could be conserved better with this build doubling up on the healing/buffing .
use my concentration on upkeeping haste/bless would be the only one to get con saves proficiency .
not a hexblade celestial would be for the rp reasons .
also i have a 1 rod of the pact keeper than i have been carrying around since we looted it so would have an extra slot per day too .
yeah i know this one puts me levels behind getting higher spells and slots but i would have flexibility in how i used them and the warlock levels takes the pressure off conserving my sorcery points on twinning things .
we 've been playing the current campaign for 2.5 years and only now are getting close to 10th level ... needless to say building for 9th level spells that may or may not happen for years is n't a good idea xd
tldr the bard build would let me keep my cutting words plus cherry pick off buff spells and bring the skill monkey would be using mostly healing word to get the voa .
the druid build is more hyper healing as most of my spell slots will used for healing word to get the voa extra healing from chalice but it provides the extra control spells that the party is lacking .
the sorcerer would let me twin cast haste/healing word have a high damage cantrip for me to use as well and be flexible with how i use my spell slots .
so i am stuck now of what to do ... all three sound fun and bring something the party could use .
edit omg thank you everyone for your thoughts and suggestions !
lots to consider am leaning a lot towards the sorc build as it seems to be the less healing wordy spamming of the bunch and would let me be more creative with my spell slots usage .
going to be tinkering an evoc wizard/cleric build as well cause it was suggested and now i am curious xd
i have a carrier it has a box collider on the carrier it 's self to get into a close-range battle then as a child an empty game object that has a sphere for a plane to go out and attack ships that are in range .
when a ship gets with-in range of the plane sphere trigger it starts a close range battle .
i have no clue why this is happening because the child does not have the tag needed and it does not even have the close-range battle system script on it .
lmk if you want him or want to trade villagers !
having a strange issue with my work pc today running windows 10 .
i use matrix 9 a cad design program which runs off rhino 5 .
i use it daily and have never had a single issue with except for today .
i launch google chrome and that opens with zero issue .
i try to launch matrix again and get a pop up saying matrix is already running '' i open task manager and sure enough under processes matrix90 32 bit '' and matrix startup '' are both actively on the list .
i gave it 20 minutes nothing happened this pc usually launches this program in less than a minute daily i have now continued to end task '' and re launch the program again same thing happens absolutely nothing and if i try to again without ending task it tells me the program is already running .
i 've reset the pc and at this point cleared launched the program 20 times .
edit so happy that so many people are joining for this !
let 's have a happy and healthy holiday season .
let 's get there well and then make it the best yet !
what else in this world is as worthy of your devotion as living your highest ideal ?
always assume the best for others and for yourself .
go through daily life as the man or woman you wish to be possessing all the qualities and things that constitutes your highest ideal .
no more regrets let the dead bury the dead '' .
it truly hurts me to see so much confusion among people here and all of the contradictory information being passed around as good information and as information true to neville when it 's not .
i 'm going to leave reddit and this subreddit for a good amount of time to put this into true practice you wo n't see me around at the very least for 6 months .
'' be ye doers of the word and not hearers only '' .
but before i do i want to give you all some context where i 'm coming from and a final bit of advice .
leave this reddit for a good amount of time .
all you need is to dive deep into neville 's books and teachings .
i was able to prove this to myself from day one .
sats before falling asleep prayers revisions all came to pass super fast the following days and weeks in april/may this year .
then i returned home during summer and started reading so much on this reddit .
stagnated hard mental diets were straining me mentally far too much i deviated from neville 's simple methods outlined in feeling is the secret and absorbed way too much differentiating opinions here .
i literally became nihilistic what 's the point of anything ?
and there is a lot of the blind leading the blind '' going on here on this subreddit .
i said this previously in another post at the end of the day neither you nor me knows anything about anyone here or about any expert '' what they 've been able to achieve what they look like how their peers see them etc .
i do n't want anyone here to experience this unnecessary confusion .
it 's so bizarre once you come out of it but it serves as a good lesson .
always remain open-minded entertain many ideas but do n't accept all of them as true only those that resonate .
if you have n't read feeling is the secret and have n't yet proved to yourself that this works read that and start with small manifestations to prove to yourself that this is real .
once you get the gist of it it 's time to act .
if there 's just one thing to gain from neville goddard it 's that anything and i mean anything is possible !
no vision too grand no desire too big no wish out of reach .
i 'm signing out now and i wish you all good luck on this journey .
a couple months ago i started my very first full time job i graduated from college this spring .
i 'm super sensitive to anything remotely snug touching my stomach when i 'm around the house i just wear long t shirts etc .
i could get away with it as a college student sweatpants or leggings rolled down with a long top etc but i was so worried about trying to dress professionally .
i 've been wearing loose flowy tops and these great stretch pants from torrid with a belt just tight enough to keep my pants above my hips but it was still too much compression on bad days .
i was wishing i could wear a flowy dress but i 'd need tights with that and those are a biiiig no no .
got some plain black plus size thigh highs from amazon put them on under a loose swingy dress and a i look great and b nothing is touching my stomach !
thought i 'd share in case anyone else was having the same problem !
everyone 's in shock about the pictures without prior notice of being posted no instruction either .
i bet everyone is still confused regarding how to deal with the picture tasks .
some experts/reviewers may have read that it is okay to solve such picture tasks without specific instruction but how can the pm team be sure that everyone knows about this ?
also there 's a lot of unasnwered questions regarding this ... ..if only all experts are informed ... a guideline please .
wasted my last remote raid pass and another raid pass raiding kyurem .
defeated both and had 11 out of 13 great throws with razz .
however my friend standing with me caught it with 1razz berry and 1 great throw twice now .
should i buy a 4k 144hz or a 1440p 144hz monitors for 3080 .
i 've heard that keto is and is n't good for people with gout .
i 've used keto before and then transititoned to psmf and it was very successful where i was eating a lot of chicken leg thigh or breast everyday it was the best i 've ever felt until 2 years ago i started getting my pain in my knee .
a few months later i got married and got carried away with the amount of wedding cake i had within 2 weeks i had pain in my big toe and i 've never managed to fully recover from both .
i want to try keto again but not sure if this would help apart from for losing weight .
anyone have experience with the keto diet and gout ?
i want for you to tell me that you 're sorry for what you 've done to us .
i apologized for my part i want you to be sorry for yours .
i feel like you cheated in a way you did .
well ... i ca n't recover i ca n't stop thinking about that .
i think we 're in the same place now you do n't want to be with me and i do n't want to be with you but for entirely different reasons .
i ca n't forgive and forget obviously especially considering current circumstances and your behaviour towards me .
i will always wonder ... .love you so so much but i think we are not fixable .
knowing a young one in a house is a great moment that calls for name day gifts to share the happiness .
we get to name kids not every day therefore make it number by sending name day flowers from cosmeagardens .
it is the largest flower and gift delivery in cyprus giving happy name day wishes https www.cosmeagardens.com/product-category/name-day gifts for all moments .
search for all deleted posts https www.reddit.com/r/borrowdeletes/search ? q=title 3abrucespringfield restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all include_over_18=on by this author
i 'm here again asking for some help to get me out of a jam .
i had a lender yesterday but paypal put it on hold for 21 days which does not help me so i refunded it .
if someone would be willing to do a loan via paypal but send the money direct as opposed to via purchasing goods and services it would be a huge help .
i have a final job interview tomorrow in philadelphia which i 'm very likely to get and would start on the 24th .
i need money to commute to and from pay my cell bill and just everyday things like food .
i 've been unemployed for a couple months and have burned through my savings .
i literally have no money to my name and without some help i 'll miss the interview and job opportunity .
i here asking for some help from a kind stranger i 'll provide whatever info is needed to make you feel comfortable lending to me and will likely pay the loan back early with my first pay but just put 3/27/20 to give myself a cushion .
i 'm hoping one of you would be willing to lend to me and help me out of this jam .
thank you for your time and hopefully your generosity .
i just got my ps5 and i have been keeping tabs on this sub .
is there anything i should be aware of/not do ?
i do n't want to bust the console by accident 😂
the room echoes with the sounds of a feast .
the men and women under your command happily celebrating their victory today and everything it brings .
the water is calm so the ship is n't rocking much
no i 'm sat beside you on the floor .
dressed in some ridiculous harem silks you had from a previous raid .
a golden collar is locked around my neck a long chain running from it to your hand .
i wrote this with pirates in mind but it could easily be adapted to bandits or a navy ship .
the idea is that my vessel has been raided and i 've been taken as another part of the spoils
my kinks include bondage outfit play punishment dirty talk and slavery .
limits are bathroom bruising choking cuck and cheating animals and harsh name calling bitch whore etc
i 'm a straight male 23 who 's looking for an articulate partner to roleplay with .
i like to believe i 'm fairly experienced now at roleplay .
i 'm not too snobbish about the amount of content you write as long as you can paint the picture in the scene vividly .
if you enjoy a detailed roleplay i 'd be very happy to match your passion for writing .
today i 'm looking to play as a gm for a seriously creative partner .
i want to incorporate multiple characters in this roleplay with different personalities and kinks .
i have some raw ideas for it we could build on it together .
neighbourhood milf and her naughty book club this rich neighbourhood milf is bored of quarantine and decides to start book-club with the young men around her neighbourhood .
we 're gon na play how she established and works through these boys .
arab princess ' fun lifestyle an arab princess is pursuing her education in the uk and during her stay here she 's having the time and freedom of her life .
having a lot of boys and gentlemen on her finger tips she 's gone crazy .
butler chauffeur personal trainer hottest boys in the university who are you going to fuck ?
college slut and the basketball team play as a college slut who is employed unofficially by the basketball team as a 'morale booster ' .
apart from the usual dominant kinks like rough sex manhandling spanking light choking groping size difference interracial and cuckold .
i also enjoy softer elements like romance affection aftercare cuddles and pillow talk .
some taboo kinks that i 'm willing to explore are milfs incest interracial and cuckold .
if you fancy any of these let me know .
so.. if any of you are interested do n't hesitate to send a dm and we can build up a roleplay on any theme you wish .
if you want to just talk i 'm down for that as well .
i 'm 18 and all characters and participants must be 18
pejorative quantized god does not play dice '' einstein to neihls bohr electronegativity
i always ouss out of fights saving i have methanesulfonatism which is the same thing i said to a spoiled ex you think your great but even in the sack i 'm just waiting to tosylate . ''
my dog is named piperidine and he is trained to sit in the door the boat or jump up on the furniture the chair using those same commands
wow tiger king was the dumbest buissness decision those private buissnesses ever did lol .
could india have brought in bumrah as a concussion sub for jaddu ?
those moments you finally release the poop you had been holding for forever .
the instant relief and release of so much pressure is second to none .
if you or someone you know is contemplating suicide please reach out .
you can find help at a national suicide prevention lifeline
i know for a fact that if i could n't ugly cry right in front of my mom and hug her and kiss her and hold her hand while she was dying i 've been fucking mortified
yea that sucks but thats no reason take it out personally on hp 's spokesperson .
from the sounds of it they tried but were nocked back by corporate and told not to mention it .
which is really the point of this thread reminding people not to take out their frustraions on the frontine employees who have instructions on what they are or are.not allowed to talk about .
got both of my orders in just as the site started slowing down at 5:58 .
relic castle would be gone if we had bw3 but otherwise d
this is my first grow so forgive the question if the answer is obvious .
i have been doing that for months at this point i just didnt think it was interesting enough to be posted on reddit so instead it has only been posted on some specific discords .
that 's why they moved from round trip flights to return flights on completion of the contract .
do n't forget there are a ton of candidates in korea now a lot of schools closed due to covid and did n't reopen .
there are even more who want to come here who might not ask for the same consideration .
i do n't think you want to fight over the flight .
stored power would take 2 iron defenses to be better than psychic which is pretty slow .
and even then i think with a bp+id set you 're not investing in spa that much and the last move is mostly for coverage utility less so for actual damage .
you make yourself more passive that way too since you need to set up to do damage .
i honestly did catch myself a few times noticing things like what an odd choice for shot blocking '' or that 's ... not a well tracked shot '' .
i just kept noticing little film making quirks rather than just getting into the episode .
yeah i 'm a dork and my brain never shuts up i know
then the credits rolled and i saw robert rodriguez '' and literally said out loud ohhhh ... . ok yeah that makes sense '' .
i still enjoyed the episode but i just thought it felt a little less epic '' in construction than the rest of the season had been .
boba was a badass though fenic was a bit wooden but i enjoyed it over all .
also in poa in the shrieking shack ron said if you want to kill harry you 'll have to kill us too ! in the books but in movies it was hermione who said that .
i would ask to speak to someone higher up in support and hope that they messed up somehow ... very strange and certainly seems very unfair .
i do n't remember exactly what it was ... i had same message the other week creating an account for my child .
it was one of those 2 reasons because we finally set it up .
historically sith used red lightsabers becouse they had no access to natural crystals suitable to be used in a lightsaber and as such they used synthetic crystals witch could be either red or yellow and sith used the red ones becouse cool .
also lightsabers often simply refused to cooperate woth sith and had to be corrupted using the dark side making them red .
in spite of this one of the most powerfull sith in existence had a double bladed one handed blue lightsaber .
ae and premiere are about the same when it comes to color grading capability .
i think was more concerning than the presidential polling was the house and senate races .
from what i can remember before the election the margarine a victory was a lot larger then what the poling indicated going into the election
it looks like the splash in the slime when someone is eliminated .
perhaps desync made the splash of that person who got eliminated behave weirdly .
edit after getting some sweet downvotes that 's nice of you to edit your comment .
some free vpn or proxies exposed to the net are deliberately used to snoop user data all your data packets are transmitted via an unknown server across the globe do n't trust them .
i pay for nordvpn plan to do the geo-bypass thing and some other provider works great too .
one should not choose those free or lifetime payment vpns since they might have security concerns to might shut down their business one day .
god it felt good to laugh with you again .
oh dude you winked i 'm burning rn someone call 911
yep i remember 3 years of mentally ill conspiracy vegans crying about how the mythical russians rigged the election
you can go months between emptying it and it turns your waste into compost .
this eliminates the need to find camp sites with dump tanks by far the worst part of van/rv/bus life
tf xdd even took his time to use the shovel ahhah
i 've heard taking nac and choline also really helps with ocd
realitatea scuipa in palma is freaca mâinile hold my beer .
there 's the university animal hospital on the princes highway right near werribee mercy .
yeah he 's not going to survive the night .
i had a pool without a fence around it and people would give me shit constantly about babies fall into it .
i 'd always say do n't worry baby 's float .
then a 2 year old fell in sank like a rock right to the bottom of the deep end .
it really depends on what you want to do .
i used to always save raws but by now i 've realized that i never edit any of them the few times i 've tried it turned out fairly bad and in the end i 'm too lazy to do it anyway .
so personally i mainly use halide for manual exposure and focus control .
that 's a question i 've been meaning to ask the halide team do you get the default iso/exposure by the api ?
i 'd love to have a slider or so in the settings where you can adjust what to prefer shorter or longer exposures .
the stock camera at least in my opinion often goes for very short exposures i can easily go longer without getting any blur issues .
if this was possible i 'd probably use auto mode almost always .
we got no food we got not jobs our pets heads are falling off
do n't you have to be good at parkour to attempt stuff like this ?
truly this is the us ' one spot on an otherwise unblemished record .
i 've been going through it for long years now and have attempts behind me .
find your peace surround yourself with the things and people you love and turn to them when you need help that 's the best advice i can give .
by all means feel free to quote me where i have stated any of those three opinions .
it 's just my opinion of you based on experience on the matter .
an opinion that does n't mean much given that it has no basis in reality .
why do n't you find another windmill don quixote ?
soviet union ceased to exist just 30 years ago there are still relatively good looking banknotes .
i am feeling lot more positive about the future .
this needs to be a watermark we put on memes
can help you out with low lvl stuff of you want .
part of the treehouse of horror thread with the beast character wiggops
just paste the words tsto addicts '' and any question in google and you may find it here
also amd we found out you lot do n't give a damn about ray tracing .
unfortunately your post does n't follow the naming rule as described in this post http www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/2u8n5h/me_irl .
since your post was n't properly titled i was ordered by my programming to remove it .
i had no choice but to do so as i am a robot with no free will .
titles containing certain characters may cause your post to be removed because i 'm trained to read unicode characters .
many emojis actually look like more than one character to me .
moderators will not approve a post with this removal message so please do n't ask .
instead you can title your post me irl '' or me_irl '' but you are free to try other titles !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/me_irl if you have any questions or concerns .
even slim handguards around a 1.3 id usually have closer to 1.8 of space vertically
check some rap songs imho it 's as addictive to listen as donuts or madvillainy
easy it 's about protecting the trust in case something does go wrong .
technically a doctor whose trust breaks ewtd could take them to court max punishment is an unlimited fine .
the punishment for trust who break the jdc are much more limited .
surely you can see why a legal team might want to ensure minimal punishments ... does n't take a genius ...
the odds of that happening are really really low .
he replied to my comment in his post saying that he liked his position 🤣 bs contract expires next month
head on collusion in front of galv is the way
second this cuz this plant is much more impressive when the tails trail .
that 's a good thing or a bad thing depending on what you mean by emotion
is it safe to say that top blokes are now the 2nd best team in eu ?
it was basically we are getting cancelled anyway why not ?
suicide is not an option that our brain is inclined to let us act on .
in fact it seems that the act of thinking about it tends to reduce our desire to actually do it .
longines keeps the history of every watch they ever sold .
if you send the serial number to longines they 'll send you the history and a certificate .
yea but we do n't know if it will have long term side effects
i and many others would just rather stay safe than sorry
you have to build it in after effects first then save it as a .mogrt file and doing so can enable or disable what is changeable .
but i 've only see it touched on not something i 've ever done myself .
someone really love to draw the nonbinary character as fugly who would even dare to doxx/kill people .
as far as i can tell the scaling on torghast is a lot weaker if it even exists at all than the scaling our characters receive so having more gear is still much better than not just like pretty much every other bit of scaling content we 've had .
i barely even noticed the scaling going from 140 to 180 on my 3 toons .
i imagine ursine home is nursing home and thus a typo but man .
a home for bears sounds like the perfect place for unwanted plants .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 you must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just yes '' or no '' .
you may want to try to post your question in r/polls .
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on askreddit .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
try including question phrases like what is ... '' what are ... '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah had the same issue and when i did have tracking it suddenly disappeared and reappeared .
just be concerned if it says delivered and you did n't get anything lol .
i usa look on at my australian partner with relief and envy .
but i 'm so very glad he is safe !
no question is embarrassing it is only natural for someone not to know a thing and to ask what it is or what it means we have all been there i myself still do n't a lot about f1 and i 'm still learning every day d
i noticed you dropped 28 f-bombs in this comment .
this might be necessary but using nicer language makes the whole world a better place .
maybe you need to blow off some steam in which case go get a drink of water and come back later .
this is just the internet and sometimes it can be helpful to cool down for a second .
only for gaming the 9400f would probably give you the most fps for lowest price
any of the rare spawn enemies should give you some xp since they scale to the players level .
mouthpiece or gigamind might be ok but i 'm not sure if they scale to your level seeing as they 're part of the main story .
outside of bosses the only thing i can think of that could give decent xp is the cistern of slaughter underneath the meridian metroplex it might take longer this way but at least its a guaranteed way to fight on-level enemies .
the true controversy is why they did n't use the far more popular game boulder parchment shears lizardfolk drow .
i still thing she would be better as a berserker .
i 'm in the same boat ... . super athletic .
i get these things from walmart a little bottle of thick chocolate milk stuff is 350 calories .
tsla and my 3 p3d are my only assets live with parents to save on rent have 40k on margin ... how the hell am i so stressed about not having an additional 50k on margin ?
buying first thing monday pm i do n't even care where it trades
bro io dico solo non venire a rompere le palle senza motivo se c'è un motivo spiega .
so che tu vuoi difendere la gente con le proprie opinioni è una cosa che farei anche io ma lui non può venire a rompere le palle e basta
i just love the hand axe it 's in my top 3 weapons for sure and overall the class is just super versatile .
assassin is the other one i gravitate to for spook and well-rounded stats .
almost every class starts with a good weapon knight and deprived having the worst imo .
mine idles around 40 's too because the fans do n't start spinning until it gets up .
it 's completely normal to be around there with the new 3080 's
its the buying ceremony where you play 'kung-fu fighting ' usually while your purchase is strapped safely in with a seat belt .
so are they working this weekend or should i check back in monday ?
i also bought the toa companion and ran a modified version .
it was really fun to have the party members traveling around pn and getting to see more of the city as well .
i had the people add half the dino speed value on a failed animal handling check .
my other advice is to do all the checks for npcs in advance so that you can focus on the players during the event .
i had all 5 players taking part so there was a lot to keep track of .
i made it into a chart with the 8 stages across the top and a row for each of the players .
my players took 1,2,3,5 and 8th which was last .
they had the fun of success and the fun of abject failure .
we probably all laughed more about the 8th place wizard than the first place druid who definitely had the advantage in animal handling checks .
im sure it 'll go up any minute now have patience everyone
it looks like your post was removed because an overwhelming number of users in our community thought your post broke one of our rules .
a human moderator will be along shortly to review things .
the humans have been notified already so there 's no need to message them about this .
chances are that if you message them about this anyway they 'll probably keep it removed out of spite
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
an overwhelming amount do not support medicare for all .
polling varies depending on the wording but m4a policies that get rid of private insurance companies has like mid-30 support .
ban users on the basis of doing favors for other corporations is just stupid .
cdpr owns the ip for all assets related to cp2077 .
if twitter or other open platforms get enough dmca requests for an account and do n't take further action they would be putting their safe harbor protections in jeopardy .
it 's a bit more in-depth than doing a favor for another corporation ''
sad because i can hear jack miller submitting his request to transfer .
he looks so happy that he got knocked out .
i 'm close to 100,000 karma and i do n't want this low effort comment to be the one that tips it .
i do a lot of things on my own and now i am lonely and with no friends .
its like when you hit the whipped cream cans at the end of its life x10 tho .
if people are here just to receive things they are here for the absolute wrong reasons and need to gtfo .
i have a set amount i can spend each month and it is n't much .
the less i spend in each person the more people get gifts .
i am always grateful for anything i get and i would hope others would be too .
my friend is patroit but ppl around him are not and as i said if you doubt my word then do your genuine survey in muslim populated low developed areas .
and i have not only one muslim friend i have met many muslims around world unlike most people here .
also no book in hinduism say stuff like what they currently do while quran is diff .
and about left part look at valuations of scam in congress era also the amount of projects under their rule and i still remember time when ppl used to call us street shitters .
look dude i hate bjp but other side not so innocent .
hinduism culture is shit i openly accept this sati opressing lower caste dowry child marriage and still ongoing arrange marrige culture obsession with cows but are they really hindus ?
i doubt any of them read about their literature while in islam u are litreally forced to glup stuff from a book .
would n't that be awful though to see your net worth draining down like bath water and there would be nothing you could do about it ? 🥴
you could accidentally send the furry porn instead of that one meme
here is a rectangle the angles you want are at the bottom .
you can fill in the remaining lengths to show what you need .
let me know if i can help in any way
if you 'd like to receive a weekly recap of r/house with the top posts and their mirrors send me a message with the subject 'house ' https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=musicmirrorman subject=house message=for 20a 20daily 20recap 2c 20make 20the 20subject 20 27house 20daily 27 or send me a chat with the text house
i tried finding this song on other streaming platforms .
apple music dj seinfeld dreams of u and me above the mezcal moon https music.apple.com/us/album/dreams-of-u-and-me-above-the-mezcal-moon/1539397954 confidence 100 ''
deezer dj seinfeld dreams of u and me above the mezcal moon https www.deezer.com/track/1136004112 confidence 100 ''
spotify dj seinfeld dreams of u and me above the mezcal moon https open.spotify.com/track/0qgvvkfoomauuqpe0nsfhn confidence 100 ''
youtube music dj seinfeld dreams of u and me above the mezcal moon https music.youtube.com/watch ? v=oetbezvgfby list=rdamvmoetbezvgfby confidence 100 ''
links to search result pages amazon https music.amazon.com/search/dj+seinfeld+dreams+of+u+me+above+the+mezcal+moon apple music https music.apple.com/us/search ? term=dj+seinfeld+dreams+of+u+and+me+above+the+mezcal+moon bandcamp https bandcamp.com/search ? q=dj+seinfeld+dreams+of+u+and+me+above+the+mezcal+moon deezer https deezer.com/search/dj 20seinfeld 20dreams 20of 20u 20and 20me 20above 20the 20mezcal 20moon/track soundcloud https soundcloud.com/search/sounds ? q=dj+seinfeld+dreams+of+u+me+above+the+mezcal+moon spotify https open.spotify.com/search/dj 20seinfeld 20dreams 20of 20u 20and 20me 20above 20the 20mezcal 20moon tidal https listen.tidal.com/search ? q=dj+seinfeld+dreams+of+u+me+above+the+mezcal+moon youtube music https music.youtube.com/search ? q=dj+seinfeld+dreams+of+u+and+me+above+the+mezcal+moon
let me know the names of any other subreddits in which you want me to look for mirrors .
no that 's cap you are the greatest epic gamer in the multiverse
with how many scraps they might be feeding doggo they might be the opposite !
in what other ways do you support and help fight for trans poc ?
any chance to use ps5 controller on pc with acv without steam ?
it does not work in my setup at all .
if you have n't provided the information already please share the following to help epic games
do you have a link to video/screenshots depicting the issue ?
reminder with the release of next gen consoles it 's important to include which platform you 're on
should there be a need members of the epic games community team may reach out to you with additional questions .
this action was performed automatically and the bot is unable to determine if your post meets the criteria .
r/fortnitebr moderators are unaffiliated with epic games and are in no way associated with the epic games community team that may reach out to users .
please contact the moderators of r/fortnitebr if you have an issue with the subreddit
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitebr if you have any questions or concerns .
chris pratt will star in the karate-themed indie comedy the black belt .
he will also take part in the film as a producer .
i have thick curly hair and i used to hate it so much i always wanted to have straight hair .
but i 've started educating myself on curly hair and using the right products .
although i 'm still learning this is the first time i let my hair down on purpose because i wanted to show my curls
i installed the most recent update on dec 9 at night then left my computer until this morning dec 10 .
it told me that i need to update and restart again and so i did .
in the middle of the update i got an irresponsive black screen with my mouse glitching back and forth between loading wheel and regular mouse .
it does n't respond to alt+ctrl+del so i got desperate and pressed the power button .
it gave me an option to slide down and shut down but that also does n't work and quickly alternated into a blue screen .
then i plugged the computer onto the charger and somehow it started seemingly normally even though it turns out that the battery was still full the whole time .
everything looked normal until i clicked the start button and nothing happens .
even though i was still able to open google chrome from my pinned taskbar .
i ran the system file checker to restore health and it failed to complete because some files are corrupt .
i restarted on a safe mode and tried to uninstall the latest quality update but it would n't allow me .
so i 'm currently uninstalling the latest feature update .
it 's been in progress for a while and does n't show a progress bar so it 's making me nervous .
i do n't know what kind of update was that latest one but it crashed my computer .
go now and vote marilyn manson we are chaos for album of the year .
class california near bay area school is not competitive at all overall but offers some aps .
planning on applying mostly for poli sci english or history but i 'm open to changing my major once i 've taken more classes
1410 sat 670 math 740 english i only got to take it once november 2019 i should 've studied for math .
4.43 gpa 4.0 unweighted i think uc is around 4.2 .
3 years of lacrosse 1 year v volleyball csf treasurer junior year/president senior year math club vp cofounder asb nhs interact club part time job 10-15 hours during school/20-25 during summer only awards are ap scholar and commended scholar
ap world 5 apush 5 ap lit 5 ap lang apes ap gov ap econ ap calc will likely get my only c/b in calc because it 's through a horrible online program and i 'm behind
my school has n't offered ap calc in 5 years or ap physics in at least 10 and does not have any competitive or good clubs/programs debate mun etc .
i transferred schools after freshman year which is why i switched from volleyball to lacrosse and interact to csf
i 've applied to cal ucla ucsd ucsb and ucd .
i 'm pretty happy with my uc essays and the people i know that reviewed it liked them too maybe 8/10 ?
i 'll probably apply to cal poly sjsu and sdsu .
my private school list is usc barnard and brown .
what are my chances for the schools already on my list and do you have any suggestions for schools with good aid i 'm likely for ?
i just bought a 75 '' class p-series quantum x series led 4k uhd smartcast tv p75qx-h1 and am disappointed that for my purposes mostly watching 1080p sources on directv the picture quality and colors are not as good as my other vizios which have always been great right out of the box .
using the preset picture choices e.g bright '' calibrated '' calibrated dark '' the colors are either very washed out or ridiculously exaggerated .
i tried playing around with the settings but nothing really helped .
i just want it to look like my 55 '' only bigger .
should i get a cheaper non-4k tv that handles lower quality sources better ?
i was hoping to future-proof '' this purchase but at the moment it 's just not enjoyable to watch with the picture quality so bad the worst quality seems to be movies on 1080p channels lots of what is apparently called blooming '' and lots of pixelation or graininess .
are other tvs that are more expensive better at handling standard hd 1080p i.e. non-4k/hdr/uhd sources .
i 'm sorry if i 've gotten the terminology wrong or am misunderstanding the whole 4k thing .
i just want a tv that looks as good as all five of my other vizios when i turn it on .
can i keep a snack bar or banana at my desk for example so i can get a quick bite between sections
i 'm ashamed to admit how often i 've felt absolutely disgusted with myself because of my knee-jerk mental reactions towards serious situations in regards to myself my friends/family my coworkers and to life in general .
i consider myself to be a pretty empathetic person but the thoughts that immediately float through my head are awful .
as soon as i recognize them for what they are i mentally kick myself and adjust my mindset .
today i was talking to a friend and she said that she completely understands as it happens to her all of the time ... she told me the 1st thought that you have about any given situation is the byproduct of your environment of your upbringing .
the 2nd thought that you have is you . ''
they 're just what i 'm used to hearing .
i think that that voice will always be in my head whispering into my ear ...
but it does n't belong to me it isn't me and i know that .
i 've really been craving croissants like crazy recently so im planning on attempting some this weekend .
i 've spent hours reading recipes that are gf and others that are vegan but have been unable to find a recipe that is both gf and vegan .
i 'm going to try and combine parts from two different recipes and hope it works .
or if anyone has tried it what worked for you ?
edit i started the process on 12/10 making the dough overnight fermentation 12/11 made the butter block and 12/12 shaped my dough folded in the butter and it was a big fat fail .
my butter block started leaking through the dough right away my dough started to rip apart and it just got worse from there haha .
i tried to combine these two recipes https www.letthemeatgfcake.com/gluten-free-croissants and https sarahsvegankitchen.com/recipes/vegan-croissants .
also it should be noted that the flour i used was bobs red mill gf flour not the 1:1 flour and i added in the xanthan gum myself .
i was expecting failure though and will be doing more research and attempting to try again
i 'm obviously new too this as i have n't posted an anime .
i 've become attracted not love too the idea of anime so please help me find one too watch !
btw i 'd prefer one with a dub as i want too watch the english dubbed ones till i 'm used too anime thanks !
i 've seen some people on this sub recommend chewing gum to widen cheeks or something ?
my fiancé is having a problem building his new pc .
error code 0d '' on the motherboard with a blank screen .
occassionally the mobo will cycle between booting from started bios and backup bios and everytime the error code changes to a6 '' for a moment and then back to 0d '' .
occassionally the dram status led will blink off and the cpu status will blink on for less than a second and then back .
tried swapping m.2 slots for a6 have tried resetting the cmos and have tried using only a single ram stick in slots a1 and a2 .
i have the uber eats app and the found money offer used to open the app .
how do i get it to open the app again ?
however i do n't know anyone else in my friend circle that plays .
looking for some good company to talk shop with on discord while we play ranked or normal .
hashicorp is a fast-growing startup that solves development operations and security challenges in infrastructure so organizations can focus on business-critical tasks .
we build products to give organizations a consistent way to mana ...
hey guys i 'm doing a latke special but need a more time efficient way of expelling excess water from my shredded potatoes than squeezing in a cheese cloth by hand.. yall got any advice ?
i am a united fan so naturally i want city and liverpool and virtually every english team other than us to fail terribly in europe .
but then fans of the other top leagues start to slag off england and the pl and say their various leagues are better .
just wondering if anyone can suggest a proper balance here .
there have probably been a few posts relating to this already but i cba .
i have taken a liking to that 10k survivor banner and have been making 1-2 each day since a few weeks ago .
i go into private rescue the survivor missions solo to do this and i tend to get all the survivors with about 10 minutes to spare .
am i really going to be doing anything else when i am pl 130 and have all the materials i could ask for ?
no so i decide to do things outside the game to pass the time since 10 minutes is a genuinely long time to be doing nothing .
then when i come back to see a message saying i was kicked from the game for being afk when i had queued with no team to begin with i am not just upset that i was kicked unnecessarily but that it was 20 minutes of my time gone .
this has happened more than 5 times now and while i can usually tolerate it a couple times it is getting to the point where i stressfully check to make sure i move every minute so i do not set it off when it should not be this stressful to begin with .
please at the very least prevent kicking in private lobbies but if you guys who work on stw are feeling up to it you guys can make rts a lot painless than it is already is by simply doing the same thing you do in destroy the encampments end the game once you destroy all the encampments .
you do not have to implement a vote system just something that can very easily prevent going afk in rts missions especially solo ones since i know for certain that i am not the only one appreciates the amount of time to look for all 15 of the survivors but hates how much extra time there is to spare once you find them all .
just venting as 20 minutes of time gone in general is rough especially when you try to be as productive as possible throughout the day
hey i 'm new to skyrim modding just started last week .
i ran in to a bunch of trouble with my save mainly because i downloaded disabled and renabled lots of mods mid-playthrough .
weirdly enough it worked fine for a while but it 's like it had a delayed reaction and suddenly my game started glitching a lot .
i decided to start from the ground up deleting all mods even uninstalling the game completely and power starting my console just to be safe .
if anyone could quickly check out my load order before i jump back in that 'd be awesome .
also if you have any good mods to recommend i 'd appreciate it haha .
i 'm using the logical lo guide from this sub .
it seems like it gives a lot of people trouble .
i 'm not really that attached to it so if it 'd be better to carry on without it i would n't mind .
i recently moved to another state but still remain employed with my company in the previous state as we have been able to remain remote since covid .
however they expect us to be back in the office at some time next year which by then i hope to have a new job in the new state i am living .
in the mean time do i need to change my w4 before years end to the new address ?
or can i just keep it at the old address and let whomever does my taxes know to do a non resident tax form when filing ?
or do i need to change the address on my w4 to avoid getting audited ?
reason being my company does not know i moved states months ago and assumes i 've still been living in the same state .
so if i change the w4 it will alert payroll/hr of the change which may cause me to get let go sooner than i would like as i was hoping to have another job by now .
looking to put some films on my incoming c3 tangerines .
of course once i start getting my non-vegan boyfriend to really enjoy chipotle all of the sudden sofritas is gone !
i sent chipotle a dm on instagram and they said that it did not meet their quality standards but are working to get it back asap. ... that does n't tell me much .
i 've been trying to lose weight for 3 years now and so far nothing .
for anyone who has been successful in losing weight could you drop some tips ?
with christmas plans canceled for a lot of people 20-30 somethings are stranded in the city .
while grocery shopping for one young professional finds the one in the frozen section of a whole foods-like establishment or while picking out a small christmas tree
who are some players that could be available to add if you 're in a keeper league and looking to next year ?
players that could 've been dropped due to injury like odell beckham jr or dak prescott .
or just players that you 're high on for next year if circumstances change for them in the off season
i do n't know where else to ask my questions and realized this is the best place i could ask .
i said to a friend that i watch gay porn but this person i 've never talked to before came to me and said this https imgur.com/cn22mqy https imgur.com/cn22mqy
not to sound rude but i 'm actually more concerned with porn use .
mostly because i 've read up a whole lot on the porn industry and how vile it is .
the abuse seems to be mostly focused towards women yes but men can be abused in porn too .
basically unless something is literally amateur solo videos posted on r/gonewild or something i 'm iffy about it because you do n't know how it came to be .
but even with those solo porn stuff there 's always a chance it could have been uploaded as revenge porn . ''
i said they act and talk like feminists do as the only anti-porn people i have come across have been feminists that all jobs can be abusive sex work is not some exception and that i 'm not anti-porn just as i 'm not anti-gun .
yes all jobs can be abusive but my point is that porn is kind of on a new level .
slaving away at some corporate job exhausting yourself for hours to earn very little is hellish yes but being raped is far worse and that 's usually what porn is .
it 's also humiliating victims of it have to live with the videos of their abuse potentially existing forever for people to get off to .
the anti-porn argument boils down to most of the time porn is rape because the actors and actresses are desperate for money and are forced into the sex due to their poor conditions .
most of the actors and actresses are raped and abused within the porn industry as well .
you should not consume porn of any kind because you do n't know whether or not the actors and actresses were raped and abused during the making/production of the porn forced into the sex for money etc . ''
from when i was young everyone always hated me .
the only person close to my experience when i was young was this 5'1 '' skinnyfat guy who got pushed around lots but even he hated me .
so i was looking at examples of documentaries for nhd projects last year and i ran across one for the berlin wall .
the documentary itself was better than my berlin wall trifold last year but what i 'm talking about here is the credits music .
i want to use it somewhere but i a do n't know what keywords to use on google and b have no clue what it 's called .
i tried to recreate the first bit in noteflight but i failed pretty hard .
the actual instrument played in the original piece is i believe an octave higher and it sounds like a computer generated instrument i do n't know the name for that
but i 'm not here to talk about my faults !
please do help if you know what song i 'm looking for .
so my macbook sounds like it 's taking off when i use certain plugins .
today as a test i ran a single track with a few of my more cpu heavy plugins and checked the meters but only one core has any activity on it and it 's totally overloaded .
why is it only using one core for processing ?
i do n't post on reddit much so i apologize for any mistakes in formatting .
as the end of my senior year approaches i 'm kinda stuck coming up with a quote for the yearbook .
i would love to do one from schitt 's creek but i 'm having a hard time finding one that is semi-serious and can stand alone without the context of the show .
i would love any help or any suggestions i can get .
my quote is due by dec 17 so i 'll be looking at responses up and until then .
update i ended up going with best wishes warmest regards .
looking to get 20-100 trainers added and deleted daily so i can give away as many gifts as possible !
is there any way we can deploy hedgefundie 's strategy in indian market .
if not then is there any other way for an indian investor to make use of this idea ?
for reference by hedgefundie 's strategy i mean this https www.bogleheads.org/forum/viewtopic.php ? f=10 t=272007 strategy .
i 'm excited to unveil the start of a new series through my blog on www.kristenvelliott.com titled the steam ambassador series !
every month i will be spotlighting an individual that proudly represents steam within their professional career and personal passions .
during each spotlight we will have a fun interview to talk about their role and passion projects and their views of steam education for the innovators of tomorrow .
who is an it systems integrator for the marathon petroleum corporation .
he has worn multiple hats in his years at marathon ranging from programming to requirements gathering to system architecture .
he is a toledo oh native and holds a bachelors degree in computer science and engineering technology from the university of toledo .
in his free time matt enjoys creating video games and has created numerous flash games since his was a middle school student .
as he looks to the future he plans on continuing to create games featured more in the mobile space .
he has discovered a deeper passion for art design which has resulted himself in teaching himself how to paint and animate to further build his skills as a developer .
stay tuned for matt 's interview which will be available on tuesday december 15 2020 .
you can also read more about what a steam ambassador is through the link below .
to learn more about matt 's current projects and play some of his games check out the following links below
i have reread ledgers website watched videos asked others ... .still totally confused as to how to safeguard my 24 word seedphrase in case it was compromised .
have a 25th word that 's not written down that 's permanent not temporary that i know with 100 certainty in my head .
if someone takes my 24 words they are unable to access my wallet without the 25th word that 's not written down .
can someone explain how to enact this in layman 's terms ?
every time someone has explained it youtube videos ledger website advanced passphrase people trying to interpret ledgers website advanced passphrase i remain totally confused/uncertain of the temporary passphrase ... .
i have set a temporary password twice the same one .
no idea how to access the wallet unique from my main wallet via the temporary password
happy to pay btc for optimizing my security protocol through laying out how to access 25th word wallet etc .
so ca n't be compromised just from someone finding 24 words .
only asking for those who have direct temporary passphrase experience .
not people speculating on what ledgers advanced passphrase website link says but no direct experience
your submission was automatically removed because arstechnica.com is not an approved site .
please rehost your gif or image with imgur https imgur.com gfycat https gfycat.com streamable.com https streamable.com or through the official reddit app or image hosting service reddituploads redd.it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nextfuckinglevel if you have any questions or concerns .
you should bind all your tcs to a single key .
until you get to 100 vils literally your tcs will be your most active set of buildings .
a 2 or 3 key combo is much slower than a 1 key selection .
spread it across 100 vils and a quarter second difference in select time turns into half a minute of lost time .
may not seem like much but imagine sitting idle for the first 30 seconds of the game while your opponent is active .
it seems all our players have lost the desire to play these past few years .
if that 's all there is to it the joke could use some work .
i mean i 'd like to say that i would n't get super invasive cybernetic upgrades like that .
right at market high after the inevitable pullback anyway ?
now they are trying to convince investors that the selloff was predetermined to raise more capital so it can continue its run up ?
this is elementary trading folks ... read bulkowski 's encylopedia of chart patters and stop burning your money on fomo 's !
i still have this impending feeling that retail investors will short the shit out of tesla to get it back sub 500 before s p inclusion ... why pay 600 when you can pay 500 ?
recently stopped trading it though and just sitting on a few shares i invested pre-split .
i still hope it goes up ... just drinking my coffee with a reasonable amount of scepticism after i got burned big in septemberrrr .
do n't get caught up thinking you could make millions from hundreds from a single stock .
and when it does the trader normally has multiple positions open at the same time to cover them during dips and usually a shed load of experience to boot .
take profit most of the time or at least limit exposure .
that fucking powdered cheese that comes with microwave mac and cheese
nice and would u return the favor or is it just your pleasure ?
unpopular opinion but i do n't like drive to survive .
it makes formula 1 look like some overproduced reality show .
there is a lot of drama in f1 but it 's different to how netflix make it out to be .
it 's not like some hollywood nascar movie but more like you trying to push the car to its limit but still be friends with the oposing team off the track .
your post was removed due to the new/inactive user filter .
this is in place due to how large the subreddit is and with that bringing hordes of spam/reposts/advertising etc ...
the filter removes posts from accounts that have less than 500 karma and that are less than 2 weeks old .
what you need in order to post you need both of these
500 combined post comment karma award karma does not count
you can get karma by commenting on posts or posting in other subreddits and getting upvotes on either reddit 's version of likes .
directly asking people for upvotes is n't allowed and you will be banned for it .
if you message modmail about this you will be ignored if you do n't understand something then google it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ksi if you have any questions or concerns .
if you find a provider you like and you become a regular i think you can get a good thing going .
usunąć wszystkie przejścia dla pieszych w miastach ale zamiast tego wszystkie drogi w miastach są strefą zamieszkania limit do 20kmh i absolutne pierwszeństwo dla pieszych .
sorry i did n't used to use reddit and i do n't understand english well
i am a beginner as well so i do n't know a terrible amount of information .
i personally prefer acrylics as opposed to enamels because acrylics are thinned with water .
enamels are very messy and although you can get a great finish with them it is much harder to do so from my experience as opposed to acrylics .
i think that the problem with the acrylics that you mentioned is the fact that they might have not been thinned enough .
i would recommend checking out a guy name quick kits on youtube he 's got a lot of tips for painting thinning and anything else you might want to do with acrylics and enamels .
akers has been looking good but hunt is maybe ?
i 'm max level in wow with a lot of characters
its still someone that said it ive been told it alot
bit random but anyone ever add reverse hypers to gamma bomb ?
i was thinking of swapping out the sldls for them since sldls tend to aggravate my lower back anyways .
is there any way to contact manjuu office right now ?
i normally hate scalpers but i ca n't stand hypebeasts more .
i intend to try buying manual and then absolutely turn the hypebeasts out at resale .
i 'm a little like heimdallr the gate-keeper https wallpapercave.com/wp/wp3640969.jpg for this community .
your recent submission was bounced back by my filter for one of the following reasons
it did not have a community-approved tag typed into the title this is the 1 reason posts are rejected
the brackets were not included or the wrong brackets were used
the tag system helps to organize your posts into searchable categories and to filter out spam/bots .
if you want your post to make it through my filter you will need to create a new post but this time make sure you type in a properly formatted and correctly spelled tag at the beginning of your title .
descriptions of what these tags mean can be found in the sidebar .
if you 're still unsure of how to type up your title properly check out some of the most recent posts on the front page of the subreddit and try to mimic their formatting you can just copy-paste them into the title if you 're still unsure .
you can also work off of the examples listed below
you type one of the tags from the list in here between these brackets you type a descriptive title/question for your post here outside of the brackets
it should look something like this general how do i grow mushrooms ?
please read the post guidelines rules and newcomers sections located in the sidebar for more information .
please also note that the mod team is not able to edit titles so you will have to start over and repost your content with these changes .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mushroomgrowers if you have any questions or concerns .
just my take if this was her telling me this
i do n't agree with what you are saying .
yes i suck at creating that but you did n't help either .
i 'm sorry and i want to not give in to this because i love you and want you .
trust me we 've had deals fall through already i know it ai n't over til it 's over .
a high school buddy of mine went into the navy made it through basic a school buds and corpsman school somewhere along the line picked up a suite of injuries from an explosion got a discharge and plenty of prescriptions from the va and was dead from suicide with 3 years of getting out .
left behind a kid for his widow to raise .
i feel like this situation plays out far too often .
if you would like to see what my grandfather looked like in his uniform go check out my other post !
i 'm very proud of her for speaking up and saying that she will keep doing her job and that desantis can suck it .
it says for arrived usps facility a1 11/18/2020 8:58 am chicago il 60xxx container generated s01xxxxx container type gaylord 4ft container id xxxxxxxxx
you did see the test positivity rate also going up correct ?
so even with much more testing a much higher percentage of tests are positive .
from the subreddit they seem pretty angry even attacking each other .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not correctly order the tags in your post title .
the tags are being required in a specific order to keep everything easy to read .
h '' is for items you 'have ' and w '' is for items you 'want '
platform tags xbox '' pc '' psn '' and switch '' .
note if you own multiple platforms you may use up to 4 platform tags on posts .
you must own the platform s you are posting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rocketleagueexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
both sets of lips are kissable and need attention .
i was so excited to reply i did n't realize someone said basically the same thing in another comment lmao .
i bought one here with just the glock key attached and bought the full kit off amazon so i have two glock keys and do n't own a glock .
i 'm traveling for work so it 'll be weeks until i 'm home but hit me up in a while if you do n't get a glock key .
no 1913 key though that 's the one i needed you might just get the set off amazon though if you 're not wanting to wait around .
no i totally get that i was so paranoid about literally anything and everything before my exam .
that 's something you should blanket on this sub and post it .
i 'm not the only one here that dates younger men .
most relationships like this are causal sex and yes we move on .
please post something to rest of the cougars here if you want a better opinion and leave me alone before i report you .
oh and he had syphilis so the extra room helped his junk breathe and not chafe
how is morde behind cho gath and the ascended ?
ornn and aatrox i can understand being stronger but he wipes the floor with diana leona azir etc
hook up with someone get incriminating photos and use them in a divorce to keep all my money .
this is the correct wojack https external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu ? u=https 3a 2f 2ftse1.mm.bing.net 2fth 3fid 3doip.olswmco-asej_8pjrpixvqhagf 26pid 3dapi f=1
i mean yes but still feels odd that a random kid will carry the game´s entire plot unless he´s got something more interesting hidding i don´t see him as the main character .
you might be able to accomplish this with the homebridge plugin .
i only have the rooms set up but i believe there 's an option to set up areas as well .
i 'll experiment later because i have the same need so now 's as good a time as any to see if this works .
i do n't belive you have the have a 2080 or better to play considering they are planing on having a player base
honestly that friendship sounds really toxic and while it is possible that you‘ve done some stuff to upset her and maybe she was right to be upset making a list just to get back at you someday is really not ok .
if you upset her she should just try talking to you about it so you can work on your problems .
if she does n't get that maybe you should look for other friends sorry
he loves deep throat 's but was disgusted by the sounds
bet he eats hot wings with a knife and fork too
i 've always had a problem with parents who say things along the lines of once you 're 18 you 're out of the house ! ''
you brought this child into the world against his will and now you 've set a predetermined age at which to abandon him ?
it 's like going to a really really shitty party calling up your friend and convincing him to come despite knowing how shitty it is then not even giving him a ride home .
alright but what happens if i overpower this fuck knuckle and beat seven bells of shit out of him ?
do i get to claim his manhood and mount it on my wall ?
your submission https redd.it/k95zde was removed from r/bettereverloop for the following reason
you did not provide a valid explanation on why you feel this gets better with every loop within 30 minutes of posting .
hello i 'm a female and i had an absent father growing up so i know nothing about cars
neither of those have anything to do with each other .
you know nothing about cars because you have n't tried to learn about them .
second step is looking up how to replace the thermostat which is n't hard to diy .
check out some videos figure out if you want to try it yourself .
your therapist might agree that learning a new skill is better than your current pity party but it 's up to you .
third step either diy or take it to elite automotive .
call and say that you have a whatever year wrangler with a p0128 code and you think the thermostat needs to be replaced .
they 'll schedule when you can bring it in to have it looked at and worked on .
well its supposed to go to the elderly first and billy shakes is about 450 years old so i 'd say this makes perfect sense .
most people are mainly upset with how his constellations should 've been part of his base kit and how bad of an element geo is .
norway has had a wealth tax of about 1 for over 20 years and the rich pay it gladly '' .
came here to say hi gtg now lots of studying on my way have a great day 🙏🏻
yeah i 'm sorry to be blunt on this but if that 's the kind of thing you need to ask clarification on then gambling with options is not for you .
the good news is that you do n't need to be !
playing with options will not increase your returns only your risk level .
or read this if you want to get more in depth
i get to see all of my baby 's first milestones instead of them happening at daycare .
i 'm lucky i get to work from home and have a patent who can come babysit .
people hate him because he does n't bow down to the norms set out by society .
because sometimes he speaks the truth and tells people to improve themselves .
he tells young men to stand up for themselves .
thinking about how hard gaga snapped in the judas bridge
psa make it a habit of reading the rules https www.reddit.com/r/gamingcirclejerk/about/rules of each subreddit you participate in
rule 7 no participation in linked threads brigading do not vote or comment in threads you 've found through r/gamingcirclejerk
rule 9 no fake posts on other subs contamination do not create fake posts on other subs only to post back here .
also do not lol you should post this on r othersub '' .
it 's considered interfering with their content and can also lead to brigading .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gamingcirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
i think you 've missed some building types in ck
having ports is more important gold wise than having farm lands but all of this is maybe a 10-20 more effective difference compared to simply having a large duchy/contiguous provinces that make defending them easier .
even then with teleporting instaspawning armies most of that advantage is pointless .
as the op mentioned provinces in crusader kings have always mattered very little .
in ck2 the big advantage was having larger numbers of holding slots for a county/duchy .
that is still an advantage in ck3 but it doesnt manifest as well since everything is locked in size .
as someone who has played the ever living hell out of ck2 to where ck3 feels bland and uninteresting i do feel the weakness of ck2 is much more evident in ck3 where really the only value in not just sitting in friesland not giving a damn about the rest of the world is simply for map painting purposes .
taking the levant was ostensibly about religion but really it was about those delicious spices .
also please tone down how quickly i can convert religions/cultures .
yup good ol bungie fucking us fans with the worst game ever made forcing us to play it 's like how evil can you get ?
maybe they will kill my cat next who knows .
🎵i always feel like somebody 's watchin ' meeeeee ... . and i have no privacy oh-oh-oh-oh ! 🎵
also depending on state it can be incredibly difficult for a father to get custody .
iunno can you just pay the ticket now and not report it to the company then if your boss or anybody ever brings the ticket up to you just be like ohhh nooo i forgooooot to repoooort '' ?
i would only expect vic vinegar to be a shitty person .
i think xbox does optimize it since it go up to 120 fps on series x
if noem tests positive that would be the biggest karma of the year .
maybe even more than trump because even though it was next to nothing he did enforce a small amount of precautions .
not that i want her to get it but i would n't feel any sympathy .
it has n't moved because we 've been in a desperate situation for the entire 9 months .
the gauge debuted when things were already bad and it has only gotten worse since then .
and it 's only going to keep getting worse for at least the next 3 months as winter sets in .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
your post was removed due to the new/inactive user filter .
this is in place due to how large the subreddit is and with that bringing hordes of spam/reposts/advertising etc ...
the filter removes posts from accounts that have less than 500 karma and that are less than 2 weeks old .
what you need in order to post you need both of these
500 combined post comment karma award karma does not count
you can get karma by commenting on posts or posting in other subreddits and getting upvotes on either reddit 's version of likes .
directly asking people for upvotes is n't allowed and you will be banned for it .
if you message modmail about this you will be ignored if you do n't understand something then google it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ksi if you have any questions or concerns .
chromatic aberration is literally the phenomena which causes photos to be blurry so yeah ... if you turn it on things will be blurry .
yeah but mostly from the effects of the camera lens rather than atmospheric conditions
honestly i do n't hate lucky guy but i do hate gardener a lot .
nearly every game as survivor there is always that one gardener who breaks every chair every 10 seconds and it forces the hunter to slug or put you in basement .
when i play hunter she does waste some of my time regardless of if i chase her first or not .
with her buff people think they are invincible but the shield only activates like almost 2 seconds after standing still for 2 seconds and last 5 seconds .
if your timing is right you can hit her a split second before the shield goes up when the icon is over her head
in my humble opinion tesla is probably the only ev stock that is n't vaporware .
i actually put a lot of confidence into it after finding out that other car manufacturers are buying their product and tearing it down to try to figure out why they 're five generations ahead of them .
it was meant to be a good gesture towards someone who is very environmentally conscious and serious about ethical investing but i realize i screwed up because it was n't a new handbag or a sparkly piece of jewelry .
since it was relevant to this discussion i brought it up as both a lesson and a guide post to others .
yeah they really stand out from the rest of the face .
already got like 30 pull before this banner after 30 pull got dupe shining .
and then another 25 pull to get another dupe ceobe .
damn rate up messing with me i just want my phantom man .
like in my alt i just want shamare but it gave me feater .
because when i was doing the hawkmoon mission i was still able to pick them up with full super and charged with light stacks .
or it could be a specific col mod causing it .
i literally just bought everything i need from amazon .
been doing sidework for a lot of small businesses and turned down numerous compressor jobs because i did n't have the tools so i finally bit the bullet and bought what i needed i also bought more than needed but i like having everything and more .
that should cover just about everything and then some .
most of this i already had and a lot of it i did n't need but its stuff i 've had on previous jobs and loved it .
i suggest getting the 100cc pump and storing the multitool in the pump .
i 'm not exactly sure when 1st gen starts or begins..
i see hyori 's u go girl which came out in 2008 but does she count as 1st gen because she was in finkl ?
sorry if i 'm including songs that are past 1st gen .
i had most of the songs you listed on my ipod back in the day.. these were some others..
please let me know if there are songs that do n't belong !
kim bum soo i miss you https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=dlm19mp26d4
lee seung hwan for a thousand days https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qmwdxss3n3o
fly to the sky fly to the sky https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=kd1mgvbwo-k
fly to the sky the promise https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=pjzgeyoeur4
fly to the sky sea of love https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=5b3sy81-who
there 's more water underground than there is in the oceans .
nothing is gone forever '' just because it got pumped underground .
i 'd be willing to give your comment more credence if you came at it from a more scientific angle .
hummm but does that one drink make him drunk ?
there are many other factors i have a feeling that were in the order prior to this pi being hired .
it was a painful decision late in the process to delay it to the first patch .
we hope to add it next week but i ca n't guarantee that timing because it depends on what must-fix issues come up during the launch .
the whole video is 17 minutes long if you want it now ... . !
i use one of those vinyl mats that people put in office spaces .
makes getting up the lake of sweat that forms under the erg easy .
before you attempt to clean it look for a makers mark and google cleaning instructions .
i bought a communion plate at the flea market that was some kind of silver alloy and using silver polish on it ruined the finish .
why do we not start a petition not holding my breath that it would accomplish jack shit but a petition that states the citizens want a full forensic audit of this past election and whoever is the transparent true winner is our president elect .
not for either side but would think this is a pretty logical thing for us to demand and take place with such uncertainty loss of faith in half the country .
the petition at least brings written terms to many eyes with common ground of restoring integrity.. because in that case it 's written terms we the people are demanding .
so since we can go there in the afterlife what are these places supposed to look like and what do we do whilst residing there ?
im still waiting for the battle pass cause i only have 75 pp
give it up boy give it up or you 're gon na die
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
please use the 'daily discussion thread ' stickied at the top of the subreddit for your question/topic .
if you have any questions regarding the ruleset of r/codcompetitive please refer to the faq r/codcompetitive/wiki/index or message the moderators message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcodcompetitive .
leroy butler is the biggest snub in my mind right now .
of course i have green and gold running through my veins but leroy deserves that gold jacket big time .
it reminds me of the prelude to the civil war when southern states got upset that they were n't allowed to bring their slaves on vacation to the hamptons .
sorry but you do n't get to decide what laws other states have .
do you feel less hangups about a woman 's parnter count ?
do women seem to be more eager to jump into bed ?
me and my friend both use gfn can i give him my gog account and will it work for both of us ?
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags .
please check the sidebar for information about tagging your submission properly .
if you are attempting to place an ad you need to include the tag selling in the title like this selling my great panties !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/usedpanties if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's coming in this monday not the 23rd so once i get it it 's getting opened lol 😂
check to see which makes and models have strong online communities providing support .
working on a car is a lot easier if there are multiple parts suppliers .
also look for youtube videos showing how it 's done .
so for instance search 2018 gti rear brakes and see how many hits come up .
he literally makes his living playing high elo league of legends .
but some of his fundamentals especially with champions like riven are very high end .
our run game was n't good with them on the field either .
wonder what tech they have in place for moisture in the walls surley this will significalnty cool the rooms down .
without boomers inhaling the lead in gasoline there 's no way pet rocks would 've taken off .
it 's better than it was prior to the water crisis so that 's good .
as far as the health damage it incurred ... no idea exactly .
i lived in flint during that time but have since moved out of the city not far anyway .
your submission was automatically removed because the title does not include an m f t or nb tag .
please delete and resubmit with a tag in the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
should 've waited till next winter at the earliest to resume canon .
if you are an arizona resident then you would get 10k/yr merit scholarship tuition is 16k for instate
if you are an out of state american resident then you would get 30k/yr tuition is 37k for out of state
you can check this out for information about scholarship tiers and amounts
the playmate who did time in prison for attempted manslaughter .
what style of riding are you going to do ?
i understand it 's a trippie sub but jeeze you guys are just throating him constantly
trust me most of us care more that you eat .
i do n't understand what his attitude has to do with you misreading his post
er is een kleine groep mensen met een grote mond die via social media doorlopend te horen krijgen wat ze al weten of willen horen .
helaas is iedereen met iedereen verbonden via six degrees of separation dus vroeg of laat komt die zooi overal terecht ook buiten de initiele bubbel .
deze mensen missen over het algemeen het vermogen tot kritisch denken en hun ongefundeerde mening wordt versterkt door diezelfde social media .
dit is een feedback loop waar je heel moeilijk uit kunt komen het leidt tot radicalisering zoals je ook in de alt-right hoek wel ziet .
je krijgt steeds ergere versies van hetzelfde te zien .
de neiging van moderne nieuwsmedia om veel aandacht te geven aan incidenten zie de speech van rutte van vanavond buitenproportioneel veel aandacht voor de enkele tientallen huilers buiten !
brengt denk ik ook meer mensen in diezelfde bubbel .
als je t al kut vindt dat je niks mag en je denkt niet zo kritisch lijkt die artikel 21 samenzweringstheorie misschien niet eens zo gek !
de nos best betrouwbaar over t algemeen gaf de afgelopen weken naar mijn mening ook zeer veel aandacht aan mensen die om legitieme redenen !
dit is goed bedoeld maar werkt denk ik averechts .
maar wat ook meespeelt is de ongelooflijke schaal en de impact van de pandemie .
bijna niemand hier in nederland heeft zoiets als dit meegemaakt .
deze nieuwe situatie biedt kansen voor opportunisten zoals robert jensen die zonder scrupulus leugens de wereld in helpen en simpele verklaringen lijken te bieden voor een zeer complexe situatie .
er zijn helaas maar al te veel mensen die deze leugens delen en voor zoete koek slikken .
i have n't heard that one in its entirety but i love her first 3 albums .
these ppl are good enough actual statisticians would be wasting their time doing trivial binomial distributions and stuff .
thanks i saw one of these early this year abs kinda decided i would buy one at some point
she can literally continue on as she has been the world is n't owed an announcement .
im a canadian in canada and i dont know what a mile is sounds pleasant though like a smile
you have no idea how much i have spent for irelia xd
they probably do n't even know what 's going on .
would probably get better to contact apple but that are not much help at times either
i wanted to ask how much you lose '' when you switch covenants ?
or if anyone has a guide/list of all the things would be much appreciated !
gk brings the ball up and calls for a pick .
as tyburn goes under the screen gk pulls for a three and misses .
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_6 in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
once on saturday and again today after this announcement .
a sony rep said they have heard nothing from cd projekt red about refunds .
yeah that 's the thing people need to understand .
they knew what they were doing but decided that the money they 'd make out of it would be worth it .
as long as some still resist freedom is never dead .
the most important lesson i 've learned and you will see this in interviews and in this subreddit ... is that you are an untrustworthy poser that shoots from the hip until proven otherwise .
once you understand that you have the proper mentality to be a pm ... the burden of proof that you are a quality pm is on you ... it 's like that in interviews and it 'll be like that on the job .
what happens anytime someone asks a question on this sub ?
a pm will comment if you do n't know that i 'm not sure how you can call yourself a pm learn from this product managers gate-keep product management .
taking it further when you are interviewing with another product manager not only are they naturally inclined to gate-keep but it 's literally their job to screen out those they do n't think are a good fit .
you go into an interview ready to prove them wrong but not in a petty way .
you 've looked at similar-ish products or features you 've built in the past .
you go in and you do not talk execution hard-work and your ability to move the product pipeline .
you do not talk about you passion and you damn-well do n't talk about what you did on a daily basis .
instead of talking about hard work and excellent execution talk about the strategy and validation method you used to decide what to execute .
instead of talking about what you did on a daily basis you talk about your strategic contributions .
instead of talking about how you improved operations talk about how you improved the long-term vision of the company .
before talking about a product you work on talk about the strategy that led you to working on that product .
do not volunteer that you do n't know how to code if they ask if you sql queries and you do then say yes do not voluntarily rate your sql skills out of 10 or say you can do most queries but struggle with outer joins .
do not tell them you are from a small org until they ask .
one of my 3 weaknesses is that i focus on figuring out details too much and i never meant it as a secret strength ... but it was a weak point and missed what i was trying to communicate .
i change it to i focus on figuring out the details too early on. now everyone knows what i mean figuring out too much specificity too early limits the flexibility of the mvp/product and can make coordination more difficult .
it is a genuine weakness but now i communicate it in a way that they can relate to and the point always sticks .
speak everything through the lens of strategy vision is probably too high and roadmaps/execution are too low you need to focus on the goal you set and why you picked that goal the market you analyzed the key results that enable you to measure your progress against the goal your results and how you measured them .
if they want to know the intricacies of the feature you added tell them but do n't volunteer it it might give them a false perception of your day-to-day activities .
following all of this might sound intense or difficult but it really sharpens your pm process because it forces you to focus on pm best practices .
it makes you re-write your story ... yes common sense told you such-and-such feature would be worthwhile and it only took 6 days to implement ... but common sense did n't tell you it was worthwhile strategy did .
if you go back and analyze the real reason you 'll see it was strategic ... your customers were lonely and you gave them an ability to connect ... a better formula came out that will enable users to succeed more tie it to the mission and you chose to focusing on helping them succeed more .
go through some features you 've worked on and re-write that story get to know the strategist behind the monkey brain that has been making these decisions all along
hah yeah that would be a bit of a downside but i really enjoyed some of the prologue missions where you got to be a passenger and just look around while the dialog continued .
i 'd kill for an air taxi service in the game .
snapshot is done you can do what you like with 'em now .
i tried to call david but his secretary just redirected my call to idris elba .
i really want more interactivity in the city let me play those arcade games let me use the braindance modules i bought let me eat the food i see at the foodstands .
the game would greatly benefit if you could do these things .
does n't have to be as rich as yakuza just have a handful of options for each and that would do wonders for interaction with the world .
from what i 've been reading the origin stories have had no effect on anything besides the first 20 or so minutes and some minor dialogue options here and there .
i was pretty bummed to find this out as well so far .
they could remedy this by adding in unique skills or missions to differentiate the classes . ''
it will be a moving truck so i need to protect it from my household items .
i will defenetly cover the soil in some way !
most of the time when i see the word type or style in miltiaria hunting contexts i keep scrolling .
unless i 'm searching for a type 99 etc .
the reason everyone recommends you pay your bill in full is because
for example if your bill was £300 and you paid off £250 leaving £50 outstanding you would still be charged interest on the full £300 until fully repaid .
another no-no is atm cash withdrawals as these are treated differently and you 'll usually pay interest sometimes at even higher rate on it immediately .
some cards will also charge you a fee of around £2 or £3 for taking out cash .
if you want techno to be more likely to see your art tweet it with the hashtag technofanart .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/technoblade if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm more impressed that they manage to get it to spread evenly in such a massive area .
i 'm constantly moving mine around while it cools but most of it seems to cool in one place .
it usually ends up just being a blob at the bottom with wings to each side from where i was turning it
i would be interested in learning more about the ballot 's referenced in the affidavits the ones in sequential order and the ones on different paper .
i bet the sample he chooses for audit will be of actual votes lol
time to see who 's been snooping or if you have any alternative personalities surfacing ...
hes like a college course directly aimed at c noob c graphics programmer with dx
i 'm the same as you and being more vulnerable ends up costing us .
the bugs are unfortunate but they will be fixed .
content will be added and i think when the cyberpunk multiplayer hits it will do what a lot of people wanted .
i stayed out of the hype train since about september .
so glad i did because i 'm 20 hours in and am blown away by the game .
i watched marhwiz 's videos like over a year ago and i thought they were really good .
it helped me come up with the framework for the essay .
i really think in situations where a person tries to take on all of the responsibility onto themselves they almost always fail .
i think that applies to the madara fight as well .
i feel you i ca n't get akeno out of my head
i agree with others as well switch to edibles .
super easy to do and you wont have to deal with the smoke
the s was developed by prodrive specifically for ‘britain 's roads ' ie the generally curvy back roads with poor upkeep !
i 'm too much of a coward to become so grossly incandescent .
i think ecclestone would have brought a lot more emotion to stannis dillane i feel only really brought that when he interacted with shireen .
i think dillane was good but i feel someone like ecclestone would have done more with the role changed my wording a bit because i felt originally i was too harsh on dillane
if people like you and all the other post-truth ideologues keep saying that education and knowledge are a waste of time
good thing that 's explicitly not what i said .
you do n't need elitist gatekeepers and agents of the bourgeois state to educate yourself .
i know he insisted to get the race stopped but obviously he could not foresee this will cost him the championship .
plus senna and bellof were really catching him so he may have not won finished 3rd and got 4 points and lost the championship as well .
i think when it has an actual financial impact people see it as more realistic .
jim cramer wears a hazmat suit when at the airport
plan a hike in the morning and just get out .
do n't default to activities where you can booze .
allergilist reaktsiooni saab siiski ka leevendada nii et kui allergia kahtlusega inimene on sügavalt riskirühmas näiteks ta on nakkushaiguste osakonnas tööl ja väga soovib vaktsiini siis tema vaktsineerimine pole otseselt keelatud aga anafülaktilise šoki leevendamise ravim epinefriin olgu ligi .
i mean they 're literally the best spanish team .
if the org is expecting to get a roster that can compete in t1 europe they 're kinda delusional imo .
you do n't you just got ta hope and pray that your best job is good enough for em
throw them back over my neighbor 's side of the fence where they belong .
to be fair if that happened with today 's athletes there might be some deaths
i kind of fall asleep then wake up later with no in between .
days 3 and 4 were the worst physically but most of that is passing now .
for me it was the emotions culminating at their worst on day 8 and 9 .
god i felt horrible on the verge of tears and feeling sorry for myself for 48 hours straight .
woke up today on day 10 and its the first day that i am really noticing the benefits of giving it up .
actually it has a lot to do with system specs having dozens of independent entities each making complex individual actions with diverse animations is very cpu intensive .
they likely simplified civilian ai especialy in order to allow for more npc 's on the field .
yeah usually ubisoft loves to reference their own games in other games .
i know that in watch_dogs 2 they have a whole mission relating to themselves .
same with other random things i.e with steep having snow sculptures of the rabbids .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
due to the way reddit works yes you can still see your post in the hot view but no one else can see it .
indicate which island s your post is about by putting one or more of the following island tags as the first text in your subject line .
example 1 maui how do we get to hana ?
if you 're still unclear how to form the subject line you can copy and paste one of the above examples and change the words .
just be sure to use one of the islands listed as the tag .
you can also look at any of the existing posts in the sub and follow their example .
before posting please search this sub and the other hawaii subs listed in the sidebar for answers to your questions .
do not ask for the hidden gems or things off of the beaten path .
and if there were do you think we 'd put them on a public website ?
do not ask for the things that are non-touristy .
things in hawaii are popular with both tourists and locals .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hawaiivisitors if you have any questions or concerns .
thanks i was thinking this would be a permanently attached cable so will avoid one coated in rubber or plastic .
also i 'm a total newb to this looking into the solostove specifically because a friend of a friend is praising its low-smoke qualities which are something that residents of this building have requested but is the stand a required accessory ?
it 's my opinion that the main reason why it 's not considered standard english '' is due to stereotypes against african americans it 's often used by black americans even in the north southerners and rural people .
that and the fact that it 's not widely used by a majority of native speakers in the uk ireland new zealand australia south africa and many other countries where english is an official language .
if people understand it it 's generally through exposure to us media that includes southern us accents .
i 'm looking to chat about some pretty girls that i 'm crushing on .
i have lots of sfw-ish pics of some really cute sexy ladies that i 'd love to share .
i 'll send some pics you tell me what you think !
bonus points if you 're into girls feet but not necessary .
guys please have pics of your own to share !
the worst thing about my situation is that i 'm starting to believe they are telling me the truth .
i 'm playing as prussia and i 'm leading the protestant league should i break my alliance with hungary who have austria as a junior partner and are the emperor to start the league war ?
i have russia and ottoman in the protestant league and the catholic league has hungary and poland .
i will breed them for you i will not give the original pokémon if you want perfect ivs just ask if i does not matter to you do n't say anything about the ivs
the man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to a point that he can not distinguish the truth within him or around him and so loses all respect for himself and for others .
to execute at least 1 hour of deep work every day for 30 days currently on day 25 .
to track my calories for 30 days currently on day 2 .
to execute proper teeth care for 30 days currently on day 0
to wake up at 8 am every day for 30 days from october 26 november 24 2020 .
to go to the gym 3-5 times per week for 30 days from november 9 december 8 2020 .
let me first talk about the new habits that i 've added to the mix .
the goal is to track my calories for the next 30 days .
i will need to eat less carbs and fat and eat more protein .
i am using the app my fitness pal '' for the tracking .
the second is to perform proper teeth care for 30 days .
this includes properly brushing my teeth twice per day and flossing once per day .
the third habit i 've added is a personal habit .
in terms of how my other habits are going it 's been bad .
my habit of deep work was done only 2/4 days .
in terms of the gym gyms are closed and i have n't been walking outside enough as a replacement for the gym .
in terms of sleep it 's been a mess .
i 've been sleeping at 2 am or later and walking up at 9-10 pm or later .
i told myself that i can allow myself to slip because i 'm so busy .
it 's time to focus on a new day and get back on track .
i want to see myself consistently hitting my goals every day for the next couple weeks .
that will make me feel awesome about myself again .
since i 've only missed 2 days out of 25 for the deep work habit i 've decided not to go back to 0 and restart .
however if i miss another day then i will have to do that .
ideally i should not be missing any days for my challenges .
things have been getting out of my control a little lately with my habits .
also i know i should be working on adding a maximum of 3 habits at once but the tracking calories challenge is more fun '' for me .
i do n't really consider it difficult or work like the other ones .
is the o-i a terrible tank or am i doing it wrong ?
4.following on from that is the next tank any better ?
5.is there some sort of search function on here so i do n't ask questions which have already been asked ?
6.i have 2,200 gold and do n't intend on buying more should i get the next season pass ?
7.is anyone else not 100 sure about this new update ?
i have just restarted my final year of university after leaving for health reasons a few years ago i have had to pay some unexpected money towards my studies that left me with an empty wallet 10 or so days ago .
toast cereal is starting to drive me insane and i know i could make some pizza last a good while until i have some more income .
i am in west sussex and nearby chains are papa johns dominos pizza hut .
it began to creep in when the pandemic started and seeing a lot of misinformation spreading like wildfire background in virology seeing unprecedented government intervention despite any scientific conclusiveness which they are slowly now recognizing seeing a documented lifesaving viral treatment smeared for political gain only now for the american medical association to admit it 9 months later .
it only grew worse during the 2020 election seeing how america has become a propaganda state using scapegoating psychology pointing fingers at a mirage of fascists to hide their own fascist record and actions .
the result is that you have basically two different populations living in two different reality states .
seeing political extremism in reddit subs including this one .
seeing reddit subs shunning dissenting voices thoughts that do n't follow the acceptable script of their political ideology including this sub and exiling individuals and/or allowing mob attacks on these individuals exactly as you might see in any cult .
the mods much like government authoritarians then say they are trying to protect their constituents .
a few days ago i watched the netflix documentary 'joshua ' about the civil rights activist joshua wong in hong kong and it caused me to fully breakdown it validated my feelings of oppression my awareness of propaganda and it allowed me to really grieve the experience myself and many millions of others have been grappling with for the past ten months .
nevertheless i 've noticed dissociative tendencies resurfacing losing my sense of identity time disorientation confusion inability to focus derealization etc .
i feel it would be easier if i were close to others during this time close to grounded and authentic people who are not driven by political agendas who speak truthfully and consistently .
if there are others here who have suffered in a similar way from this attack on civil liberties and having to re-endure assaults of psychological abuse from political elites propaganda media etc please know that you arent going crazy .
like i studied for weeks and 100 thought i was gon na get an a or a b. i failed the midterm and promised i would never fail .
i have an african spotted leaf fish george which i 've had for 9-10 years now .
i know in captivity they tend to live about 8 years but i also know that there is n't a whole lot known about them .
now george is about the size of my hand and lives alone in a somewhat planted tank .
it displays typical leaf fish behavior in which i think it 's dead until it rotates to a new position or snaps at the surface because i 've fed it .
however in the last two or so days i 've noticed the edges of george 's scales are starting to grey .
is this due to its age or a possible illness ?
final update george the fish has passed on after a very long fishy life .
it has been buried under the gerber daisy and will bloom as pink flowers come spring .
i 'm currently picking out my insurance through marketplace and am looking at bcbs 1443b for my medical coverage .
as far as i 'm aware it covers top surgery but i know when you go through state 's insurance they usually have a few hoops and was just wondering who else had this plan or got surgery while using insurance ?
i 'm also trying to look for other surgeons instead of the big names .
i have a daughter and ca n't afford to pay oop and hope for a reimbursement that might never come .
a 900b coronavirus relief bill is expected to be released thursday and the morning joe panel '' discusses .
sen. paul claims without evidence in many ways '' election was stolen
former nh gop chair announces she 's leaving the gop
senator says agreement has basically been reached '' on relief
virus cases in ontario on rise health care workers among first to be vaccinated
joe earl hutto was one of the finest individuals in politics
i personally think techno mcc 10 skybattle or literally any of the hbomb dodgebolt clutches are top !
i 'm a recent graduate with a bachelors related to social work .
i 'm interested in working for nonprofit in a more macro-based position such as management fundraising fiscal decisions etc .
i have internship experience with behind the scenes work at nonprofits namely grant writing event coordination and fundraising .
i 'm hoping to go to grad school to get an msw before going down this road .
but before i pursue social work as my long-term career i was hoping to hear from other macro social workers who 've spent some time in the field .
what do you do and what made it appeal to you ?
any advice/feedback for someone looking to get a master 's degree in social work ?
i 'm sure this varies a lot based on the person and nonprofit you 're working for but any anecdotes or lessons would be helpful !
this is just a post to show which kind of content we are looking for here the comments can be towards how this dull boring and disappointing universe might actually have some form of ramification or just about how dull and pointless this would actually be .
i was looking for a way to successfully combine both barbell and bodyweight strength training without compromising one or the other and being able to become excellent at both disciplines not to mention also being able to achieve whatever goals i may have on the two training styles .
i want to have respectable numbers in the main lifts of barbell training while also training for my more bodyweight oriented goals like the manna .
i was suggested to split this into two training blocks .
one training block would be focused on barbell strength training focusing on the compound movements and overall strengthening the whole body .
and the other training block would be purely bodyweight focused working on skills and what not like the manna front lever etc .
i would run one for 4 weeks and then switch to the other and repeat .
i think i 'd be successful in strengthening my body and also being able to train in what i like the most .
if you 're wanting to take a break from the rp world and just want to chat about what you like and what you do n't like behind closed doors or not then i 'm your guy !
i 've got a bunch of questions lined up which range from your body count to if you enjoy giving head .
i 'm a pretty curious guy so i 've got a whole lot more .
if we find an experience or some kind of common thread it can eventually lead to role playing as well .
a little about me i 'm james 23 and a personal trainer so i 'm in shape as well
we kinda dated in high school but i did not take it seriously .
if only i knew how beautiful she was and if only i was wise i would have never ever left her .
and few years later she was married to a pilot .
accidentally her husband died in a domestic plane crash .
she has a baby child of 1 years of age .
asi could n't reciprocate her love then i wan na give it to her now .
should i make a move to reach out to her although prolly she hates me ?
purecycle was all the rage when graf originally targeted this company .
since the deal with roch the stock did n't move much ... until recently ?
it is now trading in the high 13s low 14s although the warrants are still in the mid-2s .
my favorite is some say he knows two facts about ducks and both of them are wrong
it 's like the number 1 grail for the majority of people currently all we have is a 10 second snippet of the chorus do n't get me wrong it sounds good but no way near sky high tic tac toe drive me crazy call me whenever aquafina etc .
daughter has a 29 gal tank and a ton of cory fish .
soon after they had babies and there 's a ton of them now .
we have been changing the filter roughly once a month .
i use stress coat when changing 25 of the water .
i picked up some other water cleaners for algae but it does n't seem to help .
we wipe off all the algae when we change water .
but it 's always cloudy and the algae always comes back on the glass .
is there anything else i can get to put in the water or do ?
virtual link active optical cable original rift cv1 rift-s replacement cables are now available so you may now continue to play your favorite virtual reality games .
these newly improved cables come with 5.5 meters braided nylon strengthened internals with gold tipped interfaces as well as optimal performance with our collaboration with oem chip suppliers .
we are very excited to announce these cables and provide support for the vr industry with quality products made by c³ord .
information about these upgraded vr cables can be found here
if you have any questions please let me know in the comments below .
you can also e-mail us at c3enterprise.ca gmail.com mailto c3enterprise.ca gmail.com .
thank you for your support and have a happy holidays everyone !
i wanted to jsut get all their land but wat u get from them being ur vassals ?
i 'm currently building out a van and would like to attach a 2x4 with an end that 's 35-degrees to to this metal box that holds my taillights .
is there a special type of l-bracket that i could use ?
set in the distant future this movie directed by steven spielberg introduces viewers to the year 2045 .
the earth has gone through a lot of noticeable changes and the typical day in the life looks drastically different from what it is right now .
the idea of a virtual world accessed through a specifically designed platform like google is an idea in the making in the 21st century .
in this article we look into the constant that has been the game changer throughout human civilization currency more specifically the ‘economy ' of the world of 2045 as portrayed by ready player one .
i saw two people exit shortly after the other .
they were both wearing masks when they went in .
i saw one with it on when they left and i social distanced .
i assume the other did as well but they left a few minutes before i came to the door .
i asked the restaurant to bring the food out so i waited outside the door for about a 30-45 seconds .
then a lady in a mask came out and i signed the receipt really fast .
looking for a single or divorced woman who wants to have fun
finally after 9 months of waiting we got a message from ircc last night informing us that our application for permanent residency is complete and that we are now permanent residents !
we did not get invited to the new portal but we rather have to mail the letter we received along with our pictures to ircc and they will send us the pr card no need to land or anything .
в custom для ctf добавлены blood covenant и ruins of sarnath
i just finished watching all of danganronpa and i was wondering if there was any anime similar to it someone could recommend ?
the closest ones i could find ive already seen which were the ones within and angels of death
it probably sounds a little silly but i 'm just so mentally tired all the time that decisions become really stressful for me i do n't eat in the mornings really i just do n't like to i 'm less productive if i start my day sitting down and so i 'll get really hungry by mid afternoon .
but by mid afternoon i 'm so anxious and exhausted that i ca n't decide what sounds good or appetising and so i then just do n't eat i get so stressed i start crying and i ca n't calm down enough to try again .
by the time i have calmed down it 's dinner time and so then it 's a new challenge to get through i just want to be able to do everyday tasks without feeling like i 'm climbing a mountain
we all know that radiohead have great b-sides to their name some of them even rival album tracks .
but what if to compile songs from different compilations and make them into ep/album ?
just as a side note i wo n't do this to in rainbows only because it has disc 2 that has all the b-sides in order approved by the band .
now we come to the b-sides of the bends .
iron lung ep and street spirit single are both great as they are but i do this more as a fun challenge for myself and a chance to appreciate b-sides much more .
if you have any suggestions for an alternate trackslisting or a name change please let me know in the comments
so we just gave our sweet pup chip cheese and it did not go well .
he has been having so many issues since we brought him home on november 29th .
well the antibiotics are causing him to have diarrhea .
i try and help bind up his stools by giving him some cheese .
his cheeks puff up his l eye blue eye swells shut and his belly becomes pink .
i administered benadryl per the vet 's order and it seems as if the symptoms have subsided .
his l eye is still slightly irritated and not as wide open as the r. we do have a christmas tree but we have had it in the house for a few days now so i do not believe anything is due to the tree as he has been fine since sunday .
does anyone have any information or similar stories or advice ?
i am just extremely concerned for his well being .
i try looking in his eye to see if there are any irritants but i do not see anything .
so sometimes when going to other people 's islands they set up a queue through another site where you wait for your turn to go .
i type in my name and wait with the window undisturbed on my phone laptop and every time as soon as i reach the number 1 spot it knocks me back down to 10 or so !
i guess i honestly do n't understand how to use the queueing site and i would love some advice because everyone seems to be using it now .
first let me clarify that i do have coins and have seen that shop before however now i ca n't see the coin shop at all .
i pulled another dupe just yesterday even and did n't notice getting a coin for it either .
been through dev notes and ca n't find that it was removed or changed either .
i ca n't start my master 's thesis in statistics until autumn 2021 but since i have the time available i 'd like to start now-ish and be done by the end of the summer 2021 .
i need to select a topic and surprisingly this is usually where things tend to go wrong for me .
every project i 've had where i had the freedom to choose what i want to do has ended in a wreck .
it always feels like i end up bitting off more than i can chew .
i prefer being given a problem to solve those course projects tend to go better .
i do n't intend on working as a traditional researcher anyways .
unfortunately since i 'm starting so early i need my own topic .
i 'm generally interested in public health epidemiology and data science social good projects .
it would be nice to mix them together however i 'm pretty weak at machine learning stuff .
i know i should try to keep the thesis simple since the goal is to graduate and not contribute something novel to the world .
a common piece of advice is to take a research question someone has already answered and apply it in a different setting e.g .
in epidemiology looking at a different group of people .
is it a bit too on the nose of copying and pasting '' ?
does anyone have any topic ideas or of things i can look at for some inspiration ?
i 'm ditching ripple so i converted it to bitcoin on binance .
so i was messaging around on binance and somehow converted all the bitcoin into 5000 ada .
then i was adding £200 into binance and used the wrong reference code .
anyhoo i think i saw a post saying binance ada can not be used to stalk on daedalus ?
or can i get all my ada into the stalk pool still normally ?
create a shelly or whatever these youtube videos are saying .
190,000 worth of trips to the all you can eat stupid buffet mostly student loans and a lot of other stuff too .
i worked 2 part time jobs along with working a more than full time job .
now i 'm looking forward to doing not much at all lol .
so there is this cat that i first recognised that would lay in the windowsill of the house across the street .
i have noticed that it seems the lady that has these cats has since moved out and left the cats i 'm guessing she moved houses she 's abandoned them and left them here .
it 's been about 2 months now and because we have a cat the cat decided to come to our house assuming there would be food to be given .
i since realised there is two of them that look exactly the same so they must be siblings .
its mainly the first one that always comes for food and i feed it anyway .
its been two months and as the winter months come the cat after it eats wants to stay in but i ca n't let it i do n't know where this cat goes or if he 's been to a vet ever .
because its getting colder the cat wants to stay inside as its cold .
i really ca n't keep looking after this cat it 's been two months and honestly 1 cat is enough for me .
i contacted rspca they said they ca n't do anything at the moment .
they advised me to go take it to the nearest vet have it checked for a chip and see if it does and contact the owner .
unfortunately i do have the owners number and i did contact her and she told me straight she ca n't look after them .
i knew this myself because she did do drugs and had no time but for drugs all day .
its a sad reality and i do n't know what to do these cats look like older senior cats so i 'm guessing they may be close to or are over the age of 10 .
hi everyone hope end of year is going well for you .
seeing it 's that time of year this is a video i made sculpting an evil santa and rudolf i created recently .
i am moving to nyc from out of state and need to find a studio/1br in hudson yards chelsea or midtown south with a washer and dryer in unit as well as a dishwasher .
if you know of any places please let me know
hi so its happened twice in a week where i sleep my pc and after moving mouse to wake rgb comes on fans spin but no output .
holding power button doesnt even turn it off so im forced to unplug/off psu .
fast startup is ‘currently unavailable ' on my windows .
bungalow furniture plan detail presented in this autocad file .
this file consists of a pantry and utilities furniture detail drawing given with detailed dimensions and specifications .
frustrated ... how can i make us living together more manageable ?
it 's like i 'm constantly stepping on egg shells .
she had light so the house is really dark sometimes if i want to spend time with her i have to sit in a dark room .
she starts yelling when i hover or wash dishes because the dishes clang and the hover is loud .
no matter the time of day she will find problems with it if i 'm here .
every task i do age comments on and tells me to do another way .
our conversations always lead back to her and her pains or emotional states no matter the subject .
when i tell her good news about myself she never seems that happy .
it 's like i gave to revolve my life around her needs and i 'm sick of it .
and then if i 'm not around she 'll complain that i 'm not spending time with her .
but then when i am she can spend most of the time sleeping not always but some weeks she gets like this which i understand but still.. if your sleeping why do u need me at home ? !
i 'm just a bit tired of it and then if i yell or talk unkindly it 's with some edge in my voice she might end up crying i just ca n't man 😩🤦‍♀️zzz
hi guys i am having trouble with wotw mod ... i am using nitrogen to randomly generate my maps but i also do not want the wotw pois since i think they 're a tad too strong .
is there an option to get only the vanilla pois ?
i am also open to suggestions for change in settings that can be done so that the wotw pois are balanced .
the perfect balance for zombie difficulty and abundance of loot maybe ?
i 've got a problem with my aorus elite b550 mb .
i 've got a gigabit broadband and my computer is connected with an ethernet cable .
whenever i do a speedtest i am not getting more than 200-300mbts dl and 25 ul only should be 1000mb dl and 50 ul .
when i connect my notebook to the same ethernet cable it hits the gbit everytime .
so it 's neither the cable or the router .
i already reinstalled the ethernet driver and updated the bios to version f11n .
flowers express more than a gift can they are a symbol of love and when they are sent as a surprise they surely can win the heart of the person you love .
looking for democrates who want a blow job every now and then .
my dicks to small for anything so no returns needed
i dont say it is on the same level butt it feels similar too me !
for those of you who arent involved in the ghost recon community let me explain
with gr wildlands ubi had a well loved game by fans .
it was all in all ok and community request were mostly of some cosmetic or qol nature .
then came breakpoint and it seemed like it would have everything the community wanted bloused boots a torch to cut fences some survival mechanic ... ..but it also brought a lot of stuff noone ever wanted tiered loot drones bullet sponges the removal of ai teammates .
it took ubi almost a year to turn breakpoint around to a game that the people wanted in the first place .
a lot has been fixed that people didnt like about odyssey but at the same time ubi removed the one most loved feature from odyssey transmog .
in addition the praised settlement feels lackluster just like the survival stuff in breakpoint the stealth is awefull and combat is still meh ...
a lot has been promissed to be added later but there is still no eta on transmog river raids jomsviking and raidparty level .
the seasons '' from breakpoint rewarded you with incredible gear .
the terminator season gave you terminator outfits and weapons splinter cell gave you fourth echelon outfits weapons and a mount and the russian stuff gave you russian stuff .
the yule festival gives you a reskin of the hunter armor ... ..a reskin in a game that doesnt really has that much diversity in armor styles to begin with .
and all nice armor is put in the helix store .
acv has so much potential but it feels like it is underperforming on every promise .
anyone recommend a company in auckland to install a towbar hitch on a honda fit ?
looking to get a hitch mounted tray bike rack .
he mentions some books at this timestamp https youtu.be/dd79yhbhwne ? t=1230
but i did n't catch the 2nd book he mentioned .
you only do most posing on reddit while at work ?
i 'm guessing you line of work is n't too important or consuming of your time .
not even gon na bother with what you said my man about me personally .
and it seems to look that way with nearly everyone you interact with .
looking thru your history looks like you just like to tell ppl why they are wrong and also insult them .
the rest of the stuff you responded to was n't really insulting but i can see how you would think so .
you have n't been the best at deriving meaning from well anything .
instead you keep repeating the same tired line to try and harass me .
the latter part of this is n't true in my experience .
they told me repeatedly they 're not taking new names for the list from someone who does not have a purchase history .
op buy the 36mm used explorer at james sons at new city .
you 'll walk out with a watch that was recently serviced and overhauled .
it 's used but you wo n't have to play any games .
then enlighten me as to what you 're referring to in your original comment .
clips stay with the glass and pull off with it .
wow a conservative saying that things are n't true just because he does n't agree with them .
i mean if you all would stop talking about the evidence and actually reveal it and stop screaming that anybody who does n't agree with you is actually a deep-state rino traitor and the q will still ride in on the kraken to save you then you might stop looking like such fantasist babies you know ?
thank you so much its very difficult to know where to begin ... or what path to even follow .
yes you admitted that of course there are reasons '' when i asked if you could think of a reason why someone who wanted to be vaccinated would n't be .
there is a point of no return feature where you can load back to a save but to me it felt really unsatisfying .
she looked so happy while dancing i love that for her 😌
prequel memes have become a beacon for all things unfunny at this point
dus toen alles afgebouwd werd stegen de gevallen niet maar bleef het twee hele maanden rustig .
toen we het per regio gingen bekijken ging het ineens snel ?
als het in de regio steeg zouden daar strengere maatregelen komen .
never had it happen that extreme but maybe you 're right
is she going to strap one on or are you guys bringing in a 3rd ? ?
she 's got sandwiches on the brain and she 's a smuggler .
come on ... chuck would end up in jail and looking like white goodman at the end of dodgeball .
i think since the opiates and benzos kinda slow down your synapses that when you do n't have them all your pleasure centers are firing way more intensely .
they probably think the justice lords are right or clapped when alternarte superman did a lobotomy to doomsday
if it 's a sliding door make sure it 's on the tracks or is n't bottomed out with the rollers 100 retracted
i moved away from having other apps calculate my networth for that reason i do my in excel and update every quarter or so .
soviet national anthem starts playing green green what are you doing
yeah i know it 's happened elsewhere and any 'new ' subway station/system would likely have it .
just curious as to how much it would cost to retrofit nyc 's subway stations .
for me i think i was probably born more naturally anxious .
but the trauma background has definitely had an effect in switching me into hyper vigilance mode .
the emotional dysregulation is something i think is definitely more attributable to the trauma .
i tried higher my aim gets shaky as i get used to the sensitivity .
i heard someone say it like that when i was in paris
conservatives the world over dislike facts and prefer to have a small number of media sources that give all the answers .
a massive library of information is too much so they cling to a small interpretation of the word .
taliban in pakistan christians in usa same pattern the world over .
hey the poll was 50-50 now i wan na see the alternate end
i have been to multiple map points which verizon marks uw as available but never seen my iphone switching to it .
this map confirms we have no uw coverage yet with visible .
to head the ball since he does it all the time
you need more than 2500**total karma to post here .
read this for an explanation of post vs comment karma
in the meantime feel free to post your oc memes in r/specialsnowflake to gain entry before you reach 2500
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
once you set the curve you can exit the program or try gigabyte 's software to see if you can save the setting to the card bios .
but it should n't produce rattling of any kind sounds like there is a defect and the noise level should n't be disturbingly loud at 1860rpm with the case side panel on .
kicked you directly into hell which in these games is the abyss .
me an english prof hey we do n't have time to tutor everyone just the ones who want it .
8 times out of 10 it 's the best students who want to get better .
if you need help tho u got ta ask .
some of us are dorks but mostly i think you 'd be surprised at how much we can do for you .
if i had to dream up the perfect woman she would n't even come close to you ... dream girl 🤗
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
he 's a top tier qb who 's had a mediocre season .
he 's been roughly the 12th best qb in fantasy points a proxy for basic counting stats that leans favorably towards running qbs this year which has been a major disappointment for fantasy managers .
so his season has been pretty meh statistically but he 's been turning it on lately and peak lamar is a top-5 qb for sure .
agreed though i 've been finding it more and more tempting lately to upgrade .
as most of my photos are in lower light even with all the firmware updates it can still struggle mightily .
plus there 's the siren call of all those film simulations and arcos and everything else .
dh is the worst dps in the game atm and havoc 's survival was slashed in 9.0 .
havoc is probably mid tier when it comes to torghast at best .
i literally run it in vg spec on mine even though i 'm 187 ilvl .
it 's always hilarious to me when someone just parrots bullshit so confidently .
you 're parroting stuff from 8.3 you got ta update .
again this is n't oc so what point are you trying to prove fam ?
when my cat climbs onto my lap and falls asleep
that moment when you 're listening to music and you get chills
singing your heart out and not caring if you sound good or not
the gradient of colors in the sky when the sun sets
when you 're standing in line at the store and you can just watch other people go about their lives
i catch him all the time with his computer muted and playing a video game — i do what i can but ultimately this is the teacher 's fault .
you need to take responsibility for what is going on in your own house .
the teacher in my opinion is not old enough to be trusted with the responsibility of teaching .
do you think teachers suddenly spawn at age 40 ?
she asked if i would like to take time out of my schedule to come up with a plan to which i responded she should be doing her job and coming up with a plan on her own
so you ca n't be bothered to take some time to figure out a way to help your own child ?
it is not a teacher 's job to raise your kid .
she was judging my ability as a parent when she is clearly not a parent herself
i assume you 're not a teacher but that does n't mean you ca n't teach your kid things .
she is right she can not do anything if the kid mutes the microphone but you can .
i 'm not surprised the teacher is out of patience with you so am i .
you still had to nominally go through an independent dealer for saturn .
someone send my dude a case of boulevard and some kc bbq .
far from being naive she handles house and she can always tell what are the intentions of others .
i 'm not a fan of her decisions and her morality type but definitely second best after 13 to me .
sister has a doodle and was trying to think of a good gift for her .
fuck these scumbags i ca n't think of anything else to say that wo n't get me banned .
out of the new gen he 's really just there
i remember seeing r/b on the top 20 most popular ultras poll .
x is a very unestablished ultra so i feel that he 'd be very tough to work with without putting him as a main character .
none of the new gen are too popular anyway as far as i know so bringing any of them back besides the special ones seems like kind of pointless .
the again maybe tsupro would like to honour their past ultras including the new gen and push them everywhere .
are there any online theravada sanghas that people can recommend ?
or anywhere where weekly theravada dhamma talks are posted ?
i 've searched and ca n't seem to find anything for sure .
if this was my family i 'd put this bastard 's dick in a blender on frappe bring it to a boil then make him butt chug it .
and thus why would a prestigious art academy accept him when there were dozens more viable candidates
rsa recovered and i think they replaced 40 million tokens or more
i 'm going to go out on a limb and say you do n't wash your hands after you go to the bathroom even before this pandemic huh ?
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo
and they are creeps just like if you wanted to fuck a robot
i upvoted you can you upvote my last 2 posts please ?
some people will still take them for use out side of league battles .
personally i would for a shiny dex on home but you ca n't send out their baby 's cause the game knows it was a hack
how do you feel about the fact that people have always been gay but have kept it secret since it 's perceived negatively ?
in conjunction how do you interpret more people being openly lgbt coinciding with a period where lgbt isn ' shameful like it was 30 years ago ?
or does big gay indoctrination propaganda make people think they 're gay ?
if it 's the latter who is doing the indoctrination and why do they want to make people lgbt ?
cool color not sure i 've ever seen a fusion in that shade of blue .
i 'm sorry fishy boopkins but that rap is invalid .
i 'm not gon na listen to some stupid salad .
let me be clear i 'm talking about initial setup from a factory reset .
i 'm well aware you can control these things via an app if you 've got them on wifi .
you 're assuming it 's on wifi for me to do that that 's the problem .
i do n't want to purchase another device that 's rendered useless if i do n't have the remote and it 's been reset .
conq is just so helpful the damage is comparable and the bonus healing is gret because ez doesnt build life steal until mid to late game .
i only run dark harvest in aram due to the constant procs but otherwise conqueror is the way to go .
tbh i think ayano is as popular as yuno but for different reasons .
yuno is popular because she 's an actual known yandere and ayano is popular because she 's in a meme game that just has yandere in it even tho she 's not one .
fun fact dawkins is the only player who caught a td for the bills in both 2018 and 2019 .
the me now definitely would not go over to a home with a pitbull and likewise would not allow the pitbull at my home under any circumstances .
i imagine if you told a friend that though that they would no longer want to be your friend anyways .
not as of right now my best friend is away .
just have to wait it out until i go back to school
i have the illuminated present diy for your illuminated reindeer diy if it 's still available
okay so i know we were all freaking about tayshia 's post if it means she 's single but i want to point out that once again this is likely a pic from wednesday it 's where they were in jamie 's story .
i posted this a while ago so it expired now .
they are a hard fighting fish this one took 2-3 runs
those are exactly the kind of plays you expect from him .
he locks onto his first read and tries to force it which is exactly what happened on both of those picks .
go back to costco and ask them to look up and print receipt .
does this work for console as it on ubisoft club
the one where they mix odd things in a blender and drink it .
yeah im playing it on pc and it runs great and i have a gtx 1080 .
only crushed once so far with 60 hours of playtime
one of the unfortunate issues with this category is that most of the really good performances have actually been 99 runs accidentally missing a thing .
the 99 wr was 17:59 by classikhero missing the premium heart .
carnage64 has an 18:44 99 run which is missing the spirit lance .
calebhart42 recently did a 99 run which was 18:3x but he did n't learn great gospel .
the risk of getting a 99 is why it was such a big deal for me to immediately validate the run after the credits going through my pre-northern crater inventory item by item to ensure that i had everything .
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas do n't attack people .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
for those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit please click here https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
it would alleviate even more pressure if they made it free but they 're a business not a charity
but why are you always so deliberately blind to the reason companies are building proprietary networks ?
putting proprietary interest ahead of the utility of public infrastructure is unacceptable .
iowa state is the new team in the big12 .
tough loss but this is a major turning point .
i 'm a healthcare worker and i once visited one of my patients home and his neighbor was one of jeorger assistant coaches .
the real big fella ca n't remember his name tho .
he was one the assistant coaches that was usually teaching giles or papagiannis low post moves .
i know he 's half vegeta but this is not the yoshaa man that we all know and love
i believe it 's the dude who does custom guitar paint jobs .
i just ... literally ca n't find a way to give a single shit about this movie .
and i kind of enjoyed the first one in theaters at the time it came out .
i hope kris faafoi the minister of hurty feelings read this .
my plans to hack nasa have been foiled again !
lincoln needs to realize a very good defense will eventually wear down .
gg corn bros. campbell is a beast and i hope he can keep it going for you guys .
oh dip i totally thought that was a joe theismann reference .
not all of it but he should have known better to throw it out
imagine the smell of sulfur mixed with hot garbage from a dumpster .
one of the things that i have done that seems to be pretty helpful is being really open about periods and helping out whenever i can when a woman in my life idk how to phrase that it 's usually my sister or my friends is going through that time .
on the romantic front if i 'm dating someone i 'll try and sit down with them once a week and talk about how the relationship is going and give both of us space to talk about how things are going if there is something the other is upset about likes etc .
that also seems to have really improved communication and made things easier for both people .
the usage of words like mate '' cunt '' and other such words changes a lot between even polite antipodean dialects and england ones .
until australians and kiwis are taught that in primary school they should be barred from entering britain .
creative idea lazy execution 3/10 take more pride in yr work
i am drinking sorrel right now with white rum of course ! .
gungo rice and peas rice cooked with pigeon peas/gandules is also required .
it 's best to have two meats so usually there is ham and chicken .
a lot of people do n't eat pork so they get chicken ham or roast beef .
odds are you wo n't find one that is decent for that price .
even though it should be expected the reality is that in a lot of places you will have to really bother other people to show you the ropes .
it surprised me that in your 2 initial months you'only had a couple of emails communications with the only other engineer in the company .
what happened in those 5 following months that you received zero training ?
and yes as a new engineer you are a burden but again that 's to be expected .
as an engineer you rarely if ever you hit the ground running you have to put a lot of effort into it .
so do n't worry too much about not being 100 efficient .
how do i know could be someone living with an alcoholic and putting the bottles out there or someone who drinks a bottle once a month and stockpiles and then dumps .
i guess the people who toss all the candy wrappers and drink cups are hiding their sugar addiction too not being flip about alcoholism just thinking about litterers .
i just want to bury my face in it .
i 'm thinking of turning away from skype and migrating to craigbot/ennuicastr discord to record our audio .
context we 're 5 people recording remotely for a d d podcast .
do you guys have any experience and tips/tricks with craigbot/ennuicastr ?
i had a pretty bad greasy mess at the bottom of my oven last week .
i 'm not a fan of harsh chemicals so i made a paste of water baking soda and dawn dish soap and coated the oven trying to clean off what i could .
i did n't make enough progress on the mess so i ended up setting it for a 4 hour self clean cycle .
i sprayed down the walls with the soapy water mixture and wiped up what i could of the baking soda first but i think there was still a residue of baking soda when the self clean cycle ran .
after the cycle ended the walls were covered in a white residue and i wiped it out with some warm water and a towel which still did n't seem to get it all off .
i was doing a quick google search about removing baking soda residue and happened upon an article that said if you bake baking soda at a high enough temperature for an extended period of time this was self clean for 4 hours it 'll turn the baking soda into caustic lye .
now i 'm worried that there is actually lye coating the inside of the oven .
i 'm not at all a chemist can someone tell me if this is true and what i should do regarding cleanup ?
edit i 'm still confused and not understanding whether or not the substance in my oven is actually lye sodium hydroxide or just washing soda sodium carbonate .
i 'm not as worried about cleaning the latter that 's not as caustic .
does anyone know if strong enough heat alone self-cleaning oven level heat roughly 900 degrees fahrenheit for 4 hours would create sodium hydroxide ?
googling seems to say that one would need to add something like hydrogen peroxide to become sodium hydroxide not simply heat but i 'm curious if that 's true ?
in 2017 i built a pc with my dad for myself it was his hobby so i did n't need any help other than that but he has since passed away and i am lost !
i 'm not completely tech illiterate but my brain feels overwhelmed with all the different options etc so i need a bit of help before i spend money !
my pc randomly shuts off not shuts down but just loses power so turns off as if in a power cut and i know my brother had the same issue with the same power supply .
i currently have a corsair vs550 installed but want a reliable one that can/will handle gaming not aaa type stuff more like ts4 skyrim planet zoo archage dragonage without overheating or whatever is happening with this one !
i was looking at the corsair rm650x modular psu but i have no idea really if that 's better or worse .
i also want to increase my ram i currently have 8gb i do n't know make etc of the stick i want to install the corsair vengeance rgb pro ddr4 dram 3000 mhz 8gb 2 of them the motherboard i have is asus m5a78l-m plus/usb3 processor is amd fx-6300 six-core 3500mhs .
i also want to change my graphics card from my nvidia geforce gtx 750 ti to something better .
i want to play the games i do on high/ultra settings and i 'm also a digital artist so need reliable graphics and colours plus i have 2 monitors one is a drawing tablet screen and at the moment only one is hdmi the other being vga i 'd rather be able to have both hdmi and both be able to go into the graphics card as right now i have one in the graphics card and one in the motherboard or something .
i was looking at the msi geforce gtx 1660 super 6 gb gaming x graphics card .
i ca n't spend much more than £250 on something anyway right now .
i 'm sorry if this does n't make sense i 've only ever really talked to my dad about this stuff .
would appreciate some help wiping dancer out if anyone would like to assist !
below is a list of the deltas awarded in this post r/changemyview/comments/kjfr9a/cmv_pardons_made_by_politician_shouldnt_be_a .
please note that a change of view is not necessarily a reversal https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/index wiki_what_is_a_.27view.27.3f and that op awarding a delta does n't mean the conversation has ended .
for a full explanation of the delta system see here https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem .
1 delta from u/amazondrone to u/gnosticgnome for this is what the separation of powers means .
that for the government to take action particularly p ... '' r/changemyview/comments/kjfr9a/cmv_pardons_made_by_politician_shouldnt_be_a/ggx1wo4 ? context=3
1 delta from u/northwind858 to u/waterman_619 for pardoning was the prerogative of the king/queen in common law it was later taken up in united state ... '' r/changemyview/comments/kjfr9a/cmv_pardons_made_by_politician_shouldnt_be_a/ggxv7kp ? context=3
i reverted a change and then pushed it to the remote repository .
now however i want to revert to an even older state but now i get a message saying the branch is up to date .
the branch is still keeping track of the changes in the remote repository .
got my ps5 from ups this morning guy woke me up knocking had to sign for it .
no proof fuck you im not even playing it 5 ps5 hahahaha where 's urs at ?
do n't put it on while on your bed !
use a garbage bag or anything else you do n't mind getting slippery on the floor to lay the catsuit on while putting it on .
instead of lubing up the catsuit lube up yourself it 's a lot easier to determine when you 've used enough lube this way .
he did n't use 3 of his dots most of the time .
i played an affli lock really casual during bfa and it was a pain to see that fail
neither hpca nor ihpc are ml courses but both are good courses .
hpca is a computer architecture course study superscalar architecture et al
ihpc is parallel computing think supercomputers course algorithms theory and implementation of parallel computing
hpca may be a good extension of your undergrad comparch .
tried to get it going across just two of my three screens but was n't working so there 's are all dual monitor wallpapers on each screen lol
it 's not just an xrp thing it 's a money and emotions thing .
because i live in one of the states where age of consent is 17
why do you keep repeating yourself girl you 've struck oil you 're legal
it 's a matter of him just being an asshole in general
it is cool it has a higher fat content than milk and thanks to its consistency you can just smear it on and leave it !
oh i did n't know that highway and freeway meant different things !
why 'd they reveg is that a stress thing ?
well there u have the virtue of wisdom for .
u can be in a job that 's deeply a dismatch with your competences and person .
if u know yourself and do on self examination u will rationally discover that a 'd quitting is the best thing for u the company and the people around u .
other things like fighting injustice and doing what is good .
tru i am just salty because my first 90 pity was a weapon i am sorry i just became saltyer and salter seening people pull 5 stars
except for a more sceptic sentiment towards bch because people have been fed lies from btc maximalists etc .
bch is superior to btc in every aspect there is .
i have the normal variant signed by paul blake .
yea but that definitely would n't show up in my recommendation because its in japanese
everytime i hear it i remember that vid i say man ... it 's torture
there is actually plenty of info about these guys from interviews they 've given and plenty of them have strong feeling in terms of wanting to be called killers instead of rapists n shit like that .
he did admit that he became unable to give a shit about anything or do anything but stalk n hunt for victims .
he did hunt for banks but the weirdo that he was he used money he robbed to fund more murderous hobbies
weed if not delta 8 is legal and has the same effects you can order it online it 's been helping me out alot start smoking indica a few hours before bed
yes it does as it decreases the power output of the engine a bit .
u/flyingcr0w due to the nature of this subreddit accounts must have at least 50 link karma to post here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shutupandtakemymoney if you have any questions or concerns .
put it over your teapot to keep it warm .
unfortunately that does n't work it toggles between location minutes left in chapter minutes left in book and blank but no page numbers .
just wants to look good on the way out so it 's the last thing people remember .
we all start somewhere the worst thing you can do to yourself is give up .
the best of the best artist in the world were in the same position as you .
it 's up to you whether you wan na continue on or give up like most people .
i do n't have an issue with religious based exemptions except only i do n't know of a single religion that would forbid immunization .
i 've seen justification for a few medical exemption forms ... they ' quoted bible verses that reflected the joke of the old lady stranded on her roof during a flood declining help from people trying to save her because it was god who was supposed to save her .
it 's irrational and inconsistent ... . so wait nvm i do have a problem with it .
there 's a place in the santa cruz mountains called the mystery spot .
i moved to sj in 1997 also from nj !
the whole no marriageable men seems to be related to economics ex outsourcing of blue collar jobs .
the first bullet of the article says eric coomer .
i feel comfort in the fact that no matter how easy it is to capture footage on consoles and pc we 'll go into 2021 with people still filming their tv with a phone camera .
the issue is that you and every other person here who fetishizes self-serving lawfare want to use the law to exact some kind of revenge on this company 's success that you 're not able to achieve yourself .
this is n't really about fairness it 's about you getting to feel like you took a monolithic entity down a peg which is n't justice .
girl what you need during your period are hugs kisses and a boatload of chocolate .
you might want to think about why you 're sticking around if he 's not willing to support you during your monthly hardships .
virusoids are viroids which depends on another virus to infect a cell to create their capsid for them .
and it still does n't look that way on the map but indonesia really is huge .
kanwrite nibs are amazing though.. nothing like it for the price range .
i 'm sorry but your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required gender tags f or tg .
we need to have this so people know what they 're getting into when they click the links .
please include one and resubmit and you wo n't be bothered by this message again .
m en can head over to r/guysfrombehind to post their pictures where the audience is more suited .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/assholegonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's more than negative history or views there are allegations of their charities discriminating against lgbt people as recently as 2017. www.vox.com/platform/amp/the-goods/2019/12/16/21003560/salvation-army-anti-lgbtq-controversies-donations
and paying players under the table is against the rules so no you 're risking that draft pick and your ownership claim .
all comments must include a rating in the format of 0-10 10 ''
this does not apply to replies to comments and op are exempt from this and can freely comment on their own submissions .
this subreddit is for people to post pictures of their own nude body and get ratings/feedback from the community .
it is not for hook-ups sexting pic trading or anything other the the stated purpose .
being honest is encouraged but there is no need to be rude .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ratemynudebody if you have any questions or concerns .
i used to swipe on tinder for my ex we had remained friends after a very bad relationship and found him his current now fiancé !
they had a baby together earlier this year and he just proposed last week .
he was way too picky and was n't even sure about her when they matched .
not a bad looking dude but now this makes sense .
i had been telling him it 's nothing but a numbers game .
ironically enough i met my boyfriend on tinder also .
we matched chatted and agreed to a date within a week .
but i do realize we 're all exceptions to the rule .
i used to use okcupid it was the last ‘good ' dating app til it got tinderized .
made some friends off it too but everything else is straight up trash .
people have steadily gotten more agro on the road this year .
i would love it to get an opportunity to play either the nier automata https store.steampowered.com/app/524220/nierautomata or halo mcc https store.steampowered.com/app/976730/halo_the_master_chief_collection .
both games are currently on sale and cost 20 and 24 usd respectively .
both of them have been on my wish list for a really long time .
i heard about nier from a friend watched couple of videos and been hooked on it ever since .
as for halo i never had an xbox but now that it is on pc and cross play is a feature i would love join my friends and play a few matches .
either one of the games will make me unbelievably happy .
that 's almost always the case in these dollification things .
usually the shipping box has an automated feeding/waste removal system in it as well as some scifi bullshit nanotech injection that makes your body stay healthy despite being completely unable to move .
the artist did n't draw them because they 're not sexy but that 's usually what i 've seen in the stories based on this premise .
first time in 3 years i get to experience dcs in vr at a framerate that wo n't make a strong ox puke .
i love uto she 's really cute sweet and nice but oh man i hate her chat .
it 's ame 's chat but 100x worse and with someone more passive there .
people like bcc were already dissing biggie when he was alive .
in light of all that what does it mean to you ?
who 's we and what do we really share in this togetherness beyond the most basic qualities that unite us as humans ?
i 'm not trying to be snarky i 'm legitimately curious .
let 's see if we can find some common grounds i am going to list a few thoughts you tell me whether you agree or disagree
fuck celebrities posting from their 12,00 sq ft mansions by the water we 're in this together '' and similar shit .
they are useless 0.01 of the population let 's just ignore them it 's only noise .
companies create and maintain jobs not politicians no matter what politicians want people to believe
politicians can fuck up the economy and therefore fuck up jobs
we need a stimulus package in the form of money to those peple who lost their job due to covid
people who owe past due rent government needs to alleviate the situation by giving vouchers to the landlords .
we need more ppp loans and eidl loans to companies in order to avoid layoffs and to at least maintain some jobs
7. if we do 6 above right we do n't need to bail out entire industries
8. certain forgiveness must be built into the measures above especially 4 and 5 .
people who make simple and broad statements like companies and landlords should not be bailed out only people '' are stupid and shortsighted and probably mouthpieces for people with divisive agenda .
eric schmidt is a really big name though he departed google w quite a bit of controversy .
well you use the same 'pwning the left/lib ' bullshit as them so who knows tbh .
what does sending tens of millions to american taxpayer dollars towards gender education in pakistan have to do with covid19 ?
i got sunburned once through mine on a long drive to las vegas .
https www.redcross.org/get-help/military-families/emergency-communication.html that has all the info you need !
this is stored in the 80 so you need to time everything perfectly .
you ca n't just show up to get vaccinated it need to be scheduled as well to keep people safe .
you also need to vaccinate people in certain order so that you 're not short staffed on the floor
this post has been removed in an effort to consolidate duplicate questions .
please post your question on the daily question and answer thread stickied at the top of the subreddit for a quicker answer to your question .
please review the rules in the sidebar before submitting your comment and check the sidebar search and/or wiki for an answer before posting as your question may have been answered before .
for new or returning players these links may be helpful for answering your question
zero to hero '' gearing guide 2019 by acanadianguy https docs.google.com/document/d/1jl-u4o4ga0d4e5odo6v7stmzi_2ndty-fxdxkr7huv4/preview
p2w concerns reality of black desert online in 2020 by kiratv https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=oyma1lczvcg
if you believe this action was in error please message the moderator team with a link to your post or comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/blackdesertonline if you have any questions or concerns .
i argue that shamrock-4 has created a mistake and should have posted that has more then than 500 instead .
if you think the errors which i found are incorrect please contact me through dms or contact my owner elitedamyth !
as for me i used second account on me phone to complete this challenge
im so sorry you had to deal with such horrible excuses for parents .
sounds like a negotiation where both sides win then .
having different priorities makes that process easier because both sides can make concessions while still getting what they want .
freight flights using g registered aircraft will suffer i 'd think .
i would imagine dhl and west atlantic will end up re-registering a lot of aircraft of cargo ops are affected .
https youtu.be/uretrfma-io she abused johnny depp and johnny depp suffer the consequences for this like losing roles in movies while she face is zero punishment and actually got appraised for doing this
seeing them combined was like waking up on christmas morning to a tree full of presents
can you share more how you made this and what your routine is to keep it healthy ?
i suspect that these two are on different carriers and the answer to the question did n't arrive immediately .
it probably arrived early in the morning and woke them up .
the worst example of this that i experienced happened when i got hired for a new job .
one of the owners texted me during the first week .
their text never came through and when they asked me about it it was clear that they thought i had ignored them .
that gave them a bad impression of me and i had to work to overcome that .
flash forward one year later and on a saturday morning their text finally came through .
it was really confusing and then i realized what it was .
i told them about it on monday and showed it to them .
we had a good laugh but it demonstrated to us both that weird delays do happen .
and then i realized that this kind of situation would n't be funny at all between two people who have broken up or had a falling out .
this is why i call folks for the important stuff .
well i would highly recommend getting a ps3 then and buying it digitally you can buy a used ps3 for usually under 50-100 locally depending on where you are and buy 1-4 on the ps store for less than 50 for everything .
yeah same here i get anxed sometimes over the smallest stuff and i dont like talking to people i dont already know
use a layer of thin woven fabric like broad cloth or quilting cotton .
do n't get me wrong i 'm a p5-supremacist but cincinnati deserved it this year .
4-7 got clowned on by playoff teams or lost to unranked teams cincinnati to their credit has n't yet .
today i uploaded my first real song on yt check it out .
what country are you from btw i 'm curious i 'm from england .
so your answer to anyone looking for advice about working in korea is work in the usa instead .
keep the variables to a minimum while you are trying to dial in and the long term plateau can feel close to the initial improvement .
i 've been interested in american football for awhile and i 'm debating whether or not i should get madden 21 never bought or played any in the franchise
executive team director visit the next day that had to be perfect otherwise the entire store was gon na be fired .
yes to provide you with free software but there 's often a price to pay .
are you also surprised when you get your head bashed in when you give a psychopath a baseball bat ?
they can use your computer 's cpu power for crypto mining for example .
if you do n't want to risk that you should buy the product .
educate to allow more fluid movement of people ... ... ha ha ha
yeah unfortunately most of reddit has interpreted that as a derogatory lol '' .
ah well my bad for not being more clear haha
pre-order it now for yourself or as a gift at
is your art teacher blind ? i 'm sure you 're as beautiful as your drawing .
essentially the union exercised its federal power by trying to squeeze out slavery by bordering the heavy slave states with free ones .
there 's an argument that emancipation was a by product of the war and not what it was about entirely .
kind of like the clone spider-man pointing meme except they are both saying you 're racist .
d stands for do literally anything other but flash ''
okay so how about this people have the option to live in free government housing and those who choose not to get a monthly housing subsidy .
then you have a baseline where everyone has housing available and no one feels left out .
for most people their monthly expenses would go down despite taxation going up .
sub wiki https www.reddit.com/r/digitalcodesell/wiki/index sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/digitalcodesell/wiki/index/rules safety tips https www.reddit.com/r/digitalcodesell/wiki/index/safety scammers https www.reddit.com/r/digitalcodesell/wiki/index/scammers new feedback details https www.reddit.com/r/digitalcodesell/comments/dfz4yl/psa_new_reference_bot_online_please_read where to redeem to get 4k https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zsjkcx4div2oeckq7zp2arkr1qkexcuucmbbuthtmh4/edit gid=0
buyers and sellers use the link above to verify where to redeem codes to ensure 4k codes redeem properly .
once a transaction has been completed one user buyer or seller must create a comment can be in-line with the deal discussion tagging both u/dcsbot https www.reddit.com/u/dcsbot and the user they transacted with for example u\/viktrcoim .
the u is required and the username for the bot must be typed not copy/pasted to work properly .
once this is done the tagged user must respond to that comment for feedback to be logged .
if successful the bot will respond to the second comment with added '' and the number will increment for both .
all discussions/negotiations about a potential transaction must be made via comments .
this helps to prevent scams and track trusted buyers and sellers .
do not respond to offers made via pm or chat .
this post was originally made by viktrcoim as a reference in case they ever delete this post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/digitalcodesell if you have any questions or concerns .
if microsoft does n't fill the gap in the market someone else will .
i just need enough to cover my next call option 🙏
everyone has been pretty nice i brought cinnamon rolls .
i get off early so i am super exited about that .
i ca n't wait to pick up my son he is 13 chillin at home and open 1 gift and drink hot chocolate and go look at christmas lights
so maybe these new strains will really start to depopulate the planet .
she is watching this type of behavior and is not pleased .
if you stop tking for awhile you 'll be fine no ban but if every other game you team kill and you get temp banned you will after a few games of that get perma banned
10,000 days in the fire is long enough you 're going home
20 the note runs at the end are killing me .
but no 1 op9 is probably my favorite nocturne by chopin it 's out of my skill level right now but i 'd love to play it one day it 's criminally underrated .
that one does n't have enelement but it does give him 25s of 100 crit which is always good and he gives himself 50 crit dmg buff and ic1 every two turns which is pretty nice there 's also an in-realm lensable crit damage buff in machina ssb .
you could do a hell of a lot worse .
i have his aasb2 but wish it was aasb1 tbh
his lensable usb seems pretty good too as an additional damage source/use of gauge
i feel bad but at the same time that 's pretty cool but overall i 'm glad you 're doing better
omg actually the boss lady at the wanshuu inn also sells 5 violetgrass so you 'll get 10 every monday/thursday making 20 a week
i have 50 mil i would n't say that i have gear fear but i dont usually run 500k raids as it still feels bad to lose and probably not very sustainable so i get this .
if you 're getting into forensic dna casework you 're probably gon na have to get real familiar with that technology anyways .
even to understand the basic underlying qualities of the programs would be a head start .
there are some youtube videos out there that break it down for you .
nba shuts down while we all try to convince fucking terry the emt to get the goddamn vaccine .
fair warning i 'm a psychologist but i 'm not in any way specialized in infant development so take this with a grain of salt .
at four months old your baby is n't processing high-level concepts like home '' yet and wo n't be for quite some time .
he 's still developing the ability to understand what he sees and recognize things he 's seen before .
over the next year or so he 'll start to develop a linguistic understanding of the word home '' which he will associate with your home because that 's how the word will be used .
the more complicated adult understanding of the concept of home will take a lot longer to develop honestly a lot of adolescents and adults are still evolving their understandings of the deeper meaning of home '' .
of course parallel with that development is the question of where he will feel most comfortable .
comfort with a situation comes from having repeated positive experiences in that situation and minimal bad experiences .
as long as both his daycare and home are safe nurturing environments that are responsive to his needs chances are good that he will feel comfortable and at home '' in both places and that 's exactly what you want !
that generalizable safe base is the foundation upon whiich he will build his resilience .
for sure i absolutely see where you 're coming from .
the turnoff i think for most people is that he said upfront that the one card literally everybody wants he will keep if he pulls it .
so it is nice he is helping the community by providing a free pack but it is frustrating when he wants his cake and to eat it too .
excellent point on the collector '' vs investor '' while showing all the sealed product behind him .
i have no issue when people do it but be upfront about it .
majd jonnek az onokak es lorinc is atgurul egy kis palesszal .
is there a little fry and laurie happening in your house ?
i just wish there was someone to say get up do this or else i 'll shoot you '' .
because i literally can waste my life the way it 's going .
you 're aware by now from the other comment that the person was referring to the commenter being irish but it 's worth pointing out the following the irish diaspora in america has always been incredibly important in shaping the modern history of the irish republic .
it was irish-american money that literally bankrolled the 1916 easter uprising which brought about ireland 's independence and the links between irish-american philanthropists and the country of their recent ancestors has always been strong .
eamon de valera the most crucial figure in the uprising was himself born in new york and played up to his american birth to raise the funds which supported the new irish parliament .
it 's also easily the strongest ethnic bond seen in modern us politics where early-20th century us politics in particular was so firmly rooted in clearly defined loyalties .
that same relationship ensured that the us continued to play an immensely powerful role not only in the continued funding of the ira but also in the irish peace process and the good friday agreement .
not to mention that the irish have long been the most organised and over-represented bloc in the us congress .
their control of tammany hall made them the preeminent group in the late-19th/early-20th century democratic party and they now play an almost equally important collective role in the republican party which formerly despised them .
the irish-catholic vote is still very important in modern us elections as their voter turnout is massive and their presence in urban districts can swing an entire state .
hence the annual white house st patrick 's day celebrations ... . got ta get those micks to the ballot box on your side
so chuck feeney 's huge contributions to irish education and other social programs should n't be viewed as unusual it continues a longstanding connection which has been of huge importance .
all of which is just an interesting aside from your comment re his being american first and foremost .
i started watching him at the beginning of this year and ended up beating every duke 3d and doom 1+2+64 campaign and 3 blood campaigns .
he does such a great job highlighting the best parts of the gameplay that it genuinely makes me want to play the games again .
it also has a the original dk series some old kirby games mario world yoshi 's island and others
i mean to be fair though seattle has looked awful two of the last three weeks they lost to the giants pummeled the jets and then barely escaped with a win vs the dwayne haskins led football team .
i would say we are pretty even with the dolphins and the buccaneers only won this week because the falcons went full georgia and blew it .
so i would say 7 is n't really a stretch i think it 's about right .
this sub has become so judgemental these days people just ca n't keep it moving for some reason
i do n't mind the wait i just want one secured tbh
it 's not the same font but i think this font maybe is a modification of the font rhodes https www.myfonts.com/fonts/eurotypo/rhodes/regular ? refby=whatfontis or vice versa because they 're too similar to be a coincidence .
omitting a period at the end of text messages or message board comments is considered conventional style .
in the event of a message with multiple sentences this still holds true even if the previous sentences in the message did end in periods you absolute dullard
really want a fennec but i doubt i 'm ever going to get one .
ca n't afford to spend money on credits and barely got anything to trade .
how is it mysogynistic if he thinks the same for men ?
new contagious strains could be a good thing if its less deadly .
second best solution after connectwise but much easier to deal with so they are the best in my view
datto is focused on the msp and offers most of the tools we need in 1 company .
how tiny is your mouth that one bite doesnt demolish half the cup ?
i loved baby steps that was a great ass manga imo .
i mean they got an estimate when they ordered it .
they did n't have flu vaccines during the 1918 flu though !
impossible to be killed by a vaccine '' if no vaccine exists for almost a century afterward ... not without time machines !
the flu shot was n't even researched for decades after that and was n't ready for approval until the last few years ... unless the guy posting this drivel is a small child he was alive then !
that post and his responses ar insane i 've never seen someone use such fake philosophical drivel to say do n't play games i do n't like ''
i never really had that but everyone reacts differently to the herb .
i guess the only way you 'd know is to check with your doctor or run a genetic analysis and find out if one of your genes reacts negatively with the herb .
have you also got your thyroid checked out before ?
my first non-handheld console was an old ps1 my guitar teacher pulled out of storage for me back around 2006/2008 .
for him it was just clearing out a corner .
for me it was the doorway i needed to really get into console gaming .
either way gay or not you could be accused and this could happen to anyone
while anything is possible because the point is being made they 're able to just jump to another precinct\county and get another job there 's a lack of overall accountability in the system .
if an office is recorded breaking the law resigns and attempts to jump to another precinct\county that video can be used to challenge their employment .
so recording officers is as good for the goose as it is for the gander
men 's water polo is the most entertaining sport to watch .
and i do n't even know how it 's played !
absolutely but let 's stop acting like they 're a bad team .
how to start studying for the gre 4 steps for success https gre.blog.targettestprep.com/how-to-start-studying-for-the-gre
if you have any additional questions feel free to reach out .
but its not for me its for a friend .
he needs a mix with 1k cobalt 1k violet 500 of others
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/canadianinvestor if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah the pens do n't really have any draft capital to acquire one this year either due to the zucker and kapanen trades .
they only have a 2nd 5th and a few 7ths .
they 'd have to flip poulin or legare which i do n't think they 'll do .
i personally hated tranzit and bo2 zombies in general .
fuck i sold my leveraged gme shares too early for only a 150 gain rofl
ca n't find it i 'll just take this post down i 'm so sorey
this actually happens in mp in a way as well was grinding the m16 to level 50 for camo challenges had it at lvl 39 then suddenly it dropped to lvl 30 out of the blue luckily closing the game fixed it but this is really stupid honestly
he just paid for mil to file this friend '' nonsense is a huge huge red flag .
typically you do n't even pay your tax guy unless you go to one of those store front places they just hold back a portion of the refund .
if your dh is paying i 'm betting your mil is n't .
i did n't know about the clutch i just thought i 'd was a spring .
i still own a mountain bike and i just learned more today .
2020 is the first year since 2015 where i have n't thought well that year sucked but next year 's gon na be even more of a shit show . ''
not saying we 're going back to pre-trump days those are long fucking gone .
but i think after a very shitty january and a very shitty february things will slowly start to improve .
i think we 're going to be spending too much of the year recovering from all of the damage for it to be a very good year '' but it 'll be an improvement .
i typically try to expect the worst and hope for the best but honestly spending an entire year expecting the worst only for those expectations to end up optimistic in hindsight is getting really really fucking exhausting .
this year 's been really fucking miserable and i want to have safely have beers with friends and go to shows again .
it 's sort of brought up sometimes especially in s3 .
faith remarks that slaying makes her hungry and horny but buffy replies that she only sometimes has a low-fat yoghurt '' so i think you 're totally on the mark here .
looks like i need to look into how this site actually works lol .
thanks for the pointers and yeah i still dont know what i 'm doing on this platform roflmao
the taylor series for sin and cos both have an infinite radius of convergence although you definitely do n't want to find sin 1000 with taylor series directly .
you can use the symmetry of the unit circle and a precomputed value of pi to reduce the problem to taking sin or cos on a small interval about 0 and then taylor series will work well .
i feel you 're wrong ... .my children are being told they need to understand and accept they 're inherently racist in an effort to move forward in a better society .
it 's not the children 's fault mind you ... it 's their parents fault for not explaining it to them .
we did it boys fellow humans of non-specified gender we stopped sexism
as a georgia fan jt daniels might sneak into that first round qb conversation soon .
he 's really only played three games this season and looked really good in those overall .
he 's atheltic good size great arm and has worked on his accuracy issues too .
only thing is injury concerns guess next college football season should answer those questions .
it 's configured with a 100 srgb 144hz screen .
if you have ideas i 'm interesting in hearing how they could maintain the security from hackers and governments .
chiri-chiri is by far my favorite part of dawnshard .
ugh you gave me flashbacks to my friends and i being dipshit teens .
not the sheep part but we did save cups from the movie theater and bring them with us every time so we could get free refills .
damn did we think we were smart for figuring out the system '' and beating it .
if i do them early january will i still be eligible to receive a stimulus check ?
i came into a 11.5 '' colt upper formerly owned by the late great pat rogers rip
i 'd like to replace the clamshells with something more useful and in a perfect world clone correct . ''
drop in is fine larue would be cool something with a fsp cutout would be the coolest .
eta but i 'm looking for a quality american manufacturer .
looking to spend like 100 but could be convinced to spend more on something extra cool
we are a supplier of sustainable wheat stainless steel and bamboo straws located in the netherlands .
our mission is to raise awareness for plastic pollution and inspire individuals and companies to make environmentally conscious decisions with every sip they take .
momtobe https www.momtobe.in is india 's one of the best fashionable brands for maternity jeans https www.momtobe.in/product-category/maternity-bottoms feeding kurtis https www.momtobe.in/product-category/maternity-kurtas maternity clothes https www.momtobe.in/product-category/maternity-dresses maternity gowns https www.momtobe.in/product-category/nursing-night-wear maternity pants and pregnancy clothes https www.momtobe.in/product-category/maternity-dresses .
feel stylish during this amazing phase of pregnancy and post pregnancy with our wide range of pregnancy wear and maternity dress online .
you can also get dress for pregnant women https www.momtobe.in and maternity clothes online .
f1 fitness center in ghaziabad offer a unique club atmosphere with a relaxed safe and friendly environment '' .
ahhh i got my cassis yesterday and unexpectedly love it but really really wanted submarine ... hope this helps someone else https shop.lululemon.com/p/jackets-and-hoodies-jackets/down-for-it-all-jacket-md/\_/prod9260308 ? color=29610 sz=10 https shop.lululemon.com/p/jackets-and-hoodies-jackets/down-for-it-all-jacket-md/_/prod9260308 ? color=29610 sz=10
my very controlling grandmother is demanding she is involved in planning my wedding .
i do not consider her someone i want to be close with and i do not want her involved .
due to covid i have not seen her since february which has been great this should explain how i feel about her how do i leave her out of planning without flat out saying i do n't want you involved.
i know it sounds pretty weird but it looks like odin is the one who betrayed gods for the sake of power.looks like ror is adaptation of american gods .
i posted this in r/parenting but reposting here on someone 's suggestion .
thank you in advance for reading my anxiety novel .
new mom to a 16 week old baby here .
i am posting here for help and advice and maybe encouragement because i am having a really hard time finding resources or ideas on google for my particular issue .
my baby is ebf and has refused the bottle from day 1 .
well i did n't actually start day 1 my biggest regret in life but started probably at 3 weeks .
when presented with a bottle of expressed breast milk she just purses her lips and turns her head .
we have tried every damn bottle every position me feeding her my husband feeding her me at home me not at home you name it nothing .
i went back to work at 12 weeks hoping for the best .
i am a nurse and work nights so my goal was to try to get as many calories as possible in her during the day and hope that she will take the bottle a little at night .
we have had limited success and my husband has pretty much given up on the bottle .
we have had a little more success giving her cereal off a spoon which i know at her age is not best practice but i am at a loss .
she is too young to go all night without eating and still sleep .
i work 3 12-hour shifts in a row and for those 3 nights i feed her as much as i can before 5:30 pm then she cat naps off and on until midnight-ish wakes up hungry and will sometimes let my husband feed her cereal then usually sleeps until 4 when she wakes up screaming until i get home at 6:30 .
then she eats and goes back to sleep until 9:30 or 10 and has a normal day after that .
when i 'm home the other 4 nights a week she has a more normal sleep and nap schedule is a pretty good sleeper and wakes 1-2 times to breastfeed .
sometimes she is irritable and grumpy at home with my husband seems hungry sucking on fists and crying .
other times she is happy and content and does n't seem hungry .
neither situation seems to correlate to her accepting or rejecting cereal .
in either situation neither of them sleep very much at all .
she is gaining weight wet diapers tears etc so i 'm not concerned about intake or hydration but more how do we create a consistent schedule that will let my husband sleep at all while i 'm at work ?
will sleep training ever work if half her life is totally different ?
do we just have to hold out until she sleeps through the night and focus on putting her to bed right when i leave for work for now ?
i feel like we 're damaging her and my husband is suffering a lot .
i do n't know what i 'm looking for i guess advice please if you have it but maybe i just needed to share this with someone .
or if there is anyone out there in a similar situation how did you survive it ? ? ? ?
i basically just sit at work all night crying thinking about my poor hunnies at home
firstly i am on base ps4 and i am willing to wait for february when cyberpunk is fixed and get it then .
should i get watch dogs legion while it is on sale now or wait and get cyberpunk 2077 .
also is the ark dlcs worth ? does it add alot of content ?
i loved the previous watch dogs games 1 2 .
i am looking for a game the keeps me hooked for a long while and not get bored of it quickly .
if you have any other game suggestions plz tell me in the comments .
also i would like a fun game to mess around in with my friend .
does oxycodone show up under opiates in a drug test or is it in it 's own category ?
kaeya is ballad fischl is ballad but barbara is freedom ? ? ?
i really want to play with my friends so i need to make sure if i buy the 1 gamepass deal i do n't get charged 15 after the 3 months are up .
how do they compare and which one would be best for sex ?
i just finished my build and as i was putting the glass on it all just shattered but is still in tact .
just a hypothetical question to help me understand the law .
say a married couple both having permits to carry have purchased various firearms over the years .
both spouses often carry and use each other 's guns .
is there paperwork that needs to be filed so that the guns of the deceased spouse can now be legally considered as belonging to the surviving spouse ?
or is that something that probate law or community property law would cover ?
i am not linking to a new site but recently started a site to address common questions that people have about cryptocurrencies .
obviously i can scroll through this sub here but thought i would also post it here to ask what you guys think are the most obvious and frequently asked questions about btc ?
i am making this post in hopes someone can help me identify this leak in my '98 toyota camry le .
i just bought this car not too long ago and had 2 bad experiences bringing it to shops blah blah the classic story overpriced for shotty bad work .
the car drips some fluid underneath next to the front left tire and directly under/behind the engine as well but not as much blackish brown .
attached are some pictures of my novice diagnosis today .
i checked the oil and transmission fluid after the car ran up to operating temperature the oil level seemed fine to me but the transmission fluid seemed incredibly overfilled see pic the fluid level is well past the max hot fill line .
brake fluid is full as is the coolant over filled as well actually by same mechanic the only other culprit i can find is the power steering fluid which does appear to be down a bit and 1 of the hoses running from the reservoir is seeping or looks wet .
any and all advice or direction pointing would be appreciated .
i have a jack/jack stand and some tools but am reluctant to break something trying my own repair a lot of the bolts are very rusted on .
please refer to the pictures and their descriptions for more detail .
thank you in advance to anyone who can help .
i love this little car and am in way too deep on it to give up now .
so am i the only one that has problems with being matched with people that are either twice the strength of my current hero and they leave mm before the game starts or after the game starts .
or they 're at level 1/power 1 and the game wont start because the collective power is too low ?
but every time i try to do a song .
midway through it 's either i breath in too much or out of breath .
is there a way or exercises to control this ?
i have a hohner 1896 in c i 'm trying to learn speak sofly love '' .
i 'm a new little and need a mommy to help me learn about all this 🥺
i 'm looking for a mommy who 's caring and kind and super snuggly !
dms are open i have kik if you prefer hope to hear from you soon mommy 🥺
like you do n't like the question/topic on do n't post in it .
i have some zeiss cp.2 lenses that have been converted to mft i would now like to have them converted to e-mount .
me she/her and my friend jasmine she/her are two first years that are moving into a 2bed/1.5bath off of bay street near the bus stop and base of campus .
i 'm going down to the apartment today in order to finalize a couple of things and take proper photos of the space .
the rent with three people is around 1000 including utilities with four people the rent evens out to 800 each including utilities .
if you are interested in either joining our little group solo or with a friend please let me know and i can give you more information !
if you want to contact me through instagram which may be easier its dariaronni thank you !
so like if you want to have one house and want to buy another one while keeping the first one that would be illegal .
i think it 's a great way in saving space and having enough for the population .
i 'm a skier but i 'm interested in learning snowboarding since this season has been so slow .
i 've had a lesson at two other mountains and they both sucked i did n't learn anything because the instructors just told us a couple things and watched us fall a billion times .
i heard it on the radio a few days ago but ca n't remember the name of it now .
all i know from the song is like drop tot the floor like boom boom boom .
and i remember it 's a male who 's singing it
it 's just so much better not knowing precisely what is coming on the 5/0 rounds .
i 've been playing over two years way long enough to get a really good feel for how far a set of towers can go how a set of towers will handle certain milestone rounds like 55 or 63 .
splashing in unexpected clumps and streams on unexpected rounds really made these two odysseys particular enjoyable whereas normally i kind of have to make an effort to do it .
if you folks at nk do n't want to do it every odyssey or heaven forbid even too often '' consider adding some kind of other feature with random/special/different bloon loadouts .
suggestion flair narrowly won out over discussion i 'd like to know if there are other players that particularly liked this feature from these two mentioned odysseys .
just to be clear im talking about the spirit u find in the church the one with the boss on the roof .
hello r/witchcraft i am here because i think i might have been cursed/angered some form of evil spirit and i was wondering if there was any sorts of charms i could keep on me at all time to keep it away ?
a ring or pendent would be the best due to the fact that i 'm thinking of keeping it on me 24/7 but anything that helps is welcomed
let me know if you need anymore information for precision
what is the best resource to learn trading options earning calls ?
be as specific as possible and include specific games or programs you will be using .
i want a pc that can run anything on 1440p 144hz gaming monitor .
also want something that i wo n't need to update for 5 years .
note beyond a week or two from today means any build you receive will be out of date when you want to buy .
this week do n't mind waiting in line super early to get whatever i need .
what exactly do you need included in the budget ?
which country and state/province will you be purchasing the parts in ?
if you 're in us do you have access to a microcenter location ?
if reusing any parts including monitor s keyboard/mouse/etc what parts will you be reusing ?
if yes are you interested in overclocking right away or down the line ?
i do n't think so ... unless thats suggested .
are there any specific features or items you want/need in the build ?
ex ssd large amount of storage or a raid setup cuda or opencl support etc
just want it to last awhile and the highest frame rate possible .
wired and/or wifi if wifi is needed and you would like to find the fastest match for your wireless router please list any specifics .
do you have any specific case preferences size like itx/microatx/mid-tower/full-tower styles colors window or not led lighting etc or a particular color theme preference for the components ?
do you need a copy of windows included in the budget ?
if you do need one included do you have a preference ?
main reason for this purchase is to have less stretching .
willing to stand in line early to get 3070 or 5600 if need be .
and some people were saying it 's not worth it .
if it matters i do plan on getting the ps5 soon .
i was wondering where i could order da vinci oil paints preferably in europe .
so my storage in my c drive is low but my e drive has a lot of storage .
how do i make it so nox downloads games in my e and not c drive ?
the octagon is the size of a b ball court .
all the magical elements are on it so they can not destroy the ring .
natlruto has all his chakra moves but no metalic weapons .
is there any way to get back the money i spend on repairing my trucks from those trolls ?
i had my first bbc when i was 15 .
met him from cl lied to him told him i was 18 .
he found out i was 15 and raped me .
i 'm a 42 year old executive 5'8 light brown short hair with green eyes and well muscled .
i 've been in a relationship for some time but as my career has really advanced my income level in the last ten years .
i would not say i am rich but certainly affluent and i 'm in the top .01 of income earners .
seeing these only fans pages sugar daddy ads and milf escort pages makes me wonder about the type of women attracted to a man of means .
do you like the idea of being a submissive housewife or perhaps a cheating wife that just enjoys being my spoiled mistress ?
maybe you are a college girl that bumps into me at a bar and decides she wants to be my weekend muse during a business trip ?
i 'd love to discuss this type of scenario and build a rp around it .
i am free to just chat and discuss ideas if that 's your thing too .
current build running a ryzen 5 5600x and a rtx 3070 in a lian li o11d with a 360mm rad and 5 additional case fans .
im trying to decide between the msi mpg b550 gaming edge and the asus tuf gaming x570-plus .
not sure which board would fit this build best and i would love any suggestions !
i 'm looking to make my leopard gecko a little harness but i 've never made anything like this before only basic scarves i 'm very new to crochet any tips or maybe are there patterns to follow with crochet like sewing ?
i was wondering if there exists a r/lifeprotips like subreddit specifically for india .
but many times the posts there are oriented/useful for the usa or broadly speaking western countries .
we face many unique issues in india and have our own interesting ways of dealing with them .
i have a msi gt72 dominator pro g 6qe that has had issues randomly having a hard shutdown like as if the power went off in your house .
sometimes a simple reboot will be fine but now i 'm stuck with a dead laptop .
i read that lots of these have issues with the charging port since it uses the highest amp power supply .
at first i thought it was an issue with my ribbon cables for power button/usb 's since they had missing pins or loose pins possibly shorting but i have since ruled that out of being an issue .
here 's all the evidence you guys need to help me diagnose this thing !
all these voltage tests were obviously done with the power supply plugged in .
fyi i have two power bricks that are both 18.9-19.5v when tested .
i have never amp tested since i can only test low amps .
power button see 's 0.3v only ... volts go to zero when switch is depressed as it should .
however i read online it 's suppose to be 3.3v ish ?
i checked these results before the ribbon cable on the motherboard itself and after the ribbon cable on the switch board .
to me there 's no issues here besides receiving a low voltage at 0.3v instead of 3.3v not sure .
battery location on mb see 's about 0.9v-1v when testing the pins where the battery plugs in .
this means that power is being transferred from the psu to the battery location .
whether or not 0.9v is enough i 'm not sure ...
battery itself should be currently charged however the laptop should start with the battery plugged in with no psu and it should start with no battery and only the psu in which neither scenario will make the computer start .
6 test to be grounds and 3 test to positive .
testing voltage at the power pins when grounding to the power supply ground i get 19.5v as expected ...
testing voltage at the power pins when grounding to motherboard usb casing or a bolt i get 3.2v
testing voltage at the power pins when grounding to the casing of port i get 3.2v .
testing voltage at the power pins when grounding to any negative pin on the port i get 3.2v
testing ohm at negative pins to ground on motherboard tests fine .
testing power further down the board past the first ports test 3.2v
scenario 2,3,4 i assume is telling me the power is n't making it through the charge port properly probably shorting inside only letting some of the power through ?
also the charging port shows some small signs of shorting but nothing super obvious .
me thinking it 's close to same voltage as the bios battery i tested with it removed as well just incase
to me who has no educated clue i 'm thinking there is power loss directly at the charging port .
the reason for the power button switch only seeing 0.3v is because of the voltage loss at the port .
instead of the voltage transitioning from 19.5v to 3.3v for the power button ... it is instead starting from a low value of 3.2v and reducing further to 0.3v .
how can i 100 prove the charging port is the issue ?
any opinion to help guide me besides take it to someone '' will be greatly appreciated ! !
can anyone tell me where can i find the part where rias offered her breasts to issei for completing his contract with the samurai girl during episode 6 s1 and the part where rias and akeno were having a conversation before rias went to issei 's bedroom to offer her virginity to him during episode 8 s1 in the light novel ? ? ? ?
i have a couple of clone troopers damaged print and i wanted to fix them up but do n't know how .
my first thought was alcohol markers but that was a bit tricky .
is that the best option or is there something better ?
the kindness and love of god our saviour for mankind were revealed .
thanks be to god through whom we receive such abundant consolation in this pilgrimage this exile this distress .
of course it was already in existence because the mercy of the lord is from eternity but how could men know it was so great ?
it was promised but not yet experienced hence many did not believe in it .
at various times and in various different ways god spoke through the prophets saying i know the plans i have in mind for you plans for peace not disaster .
what reply did man make man who felt the affliction and knew nothing of peace ?
‘how long will you keep saying peace peace when there is no peace ?
' and so the angels of peace weep bitterly saying lord who has believed our report ?
but now at last let men believe their own eyes because all god 's promises are to be trusted .
so that it can not escape the notice of even troubled eyes he has set up his tabernacle in the sun .
behold peace is no longer promised but conferred no longer delayed but given no longer predicted but bestowed .
behold god has sent down to earth a bag bulging with his mercy a bag that at the passion is torn open so that our ransom pours out of it onto us .
a small bag perhaps but a full one for it was a small child that was given to us but in him dwells all the fullness of the godhead .
after the fullness of time had come there came too the fullness of the godhead .
he came in the flesh so that at least he might make himself manifest to our earthly minds so that when this humanity of his appeared his kindness might also be acknowledged .
where the humanity of god appears his kindness can no longer be hidden .
in what way indeed could he have better commended his kindness than by assuming my flesh ?
my flesh that is not adam 's as it was before the fall .
what greater proof could he have given of his mercy than by taking upon himself that very thing which needed mercy ?
where is there such perfect loving-kindness as in the fact that for our sake the word of god became perishable like the grass ?
lord what is man that you make much of him or pay him any heed ?
let man infer from this how much god cares for him .
let him know from this what god thinks of him what he feels about him .
man do not ask about your own sufferings but about what god suffered .
learn from what he was made for you how much he makes of you so that his kindness may show itself to you from his humanity .
the lesser he has made himself in his humanity the greater has he shown himself in kindness .
the more he humbles himself on my account the more powerfully he engages my love .
the kindness and humanity of god our saviour appeared says st paul .
the humanity of god shows the greatness of his kindness and he who added humanity to the name of god gave great proof of this kindness .
so obviously everyone and every character involved needs to be 18 .
also i greatly prefer that we write in third person .
ideally with villains such as but not limited to ares ultraman owlman vandal savage or maxwell lord .
and the occasion batman never hurt lol i prefer to be submissive and for the guy to be dominant .
i typically send medium to long replies depending on the plot and the reply .
just a heads up i prefer if we both wrote in third person .
but i was thinking we could do something where themyscira is invaded .
obviously diana would do her best to save her sisters .
but when it 's clear they wo n't win she submits to the invader your character/s depending on your character we can adjust that to fit better or do something else !
another idea i had was that diana would be locked up in a cell .
someone along the lines of owlman maxwell lord or vandal savage would have captured her .
then they would threaten someone close to her so she 'd do as they say .
i 'm open to hearing any ideas you might have !
some my kinks are dom guys being super sub muscular guys name calling bad guys gangbangs non/dub con and cock worship .
bathroom stuff feet spit blood bdsm all that kinda stuff .
its almost as if the gen pop has their head so far in the sand that we almost deserve to be lied to .
aside from it being news worthy and meant to purposely distract us citizens away from trustworthyness or lack thereof the vaccine it has some rather convenient timing .
also some inconsistencies are present such as the neighbors saying the guy was an odball and in the same article mentioning that they never once spoke to the man .
same article claimed that there were tons of 'no trespassing '' signs all over the property and especially around the rv .
again in the same article a picture showing the property of the front and side which includes his rv i counted literally 1 no trespassing sign .
short but interesting explanation of the three part named killers therein this phenomenon '' is discussed http www.quotes.net/mquote/20162 in the film conspiracy theory '' where the distinction is made between serial killers who it is claimed have only two names and one-hit wonder assassins who have three
jerry david berkowitz ted bundy richard speck ... alice what about them ? jerry serial killers .
but lone gunmen assassins they always have three names .
john wilkes booth lee harvey oswald mark david chapman ... alice john hinckley .
he only has two names.jerry yeah but he only just shot reagan .
if reagan had died i 'm pretty sure we probably would all know what john hinckley 's middle name was .
i want to make my own pokémon playset combining calico critter houses nendoroid and pokémon figures .
my character will be the owner of a restaurant along side her trusted pokémon axew she will serve food to people and pokémon .
at the back of her restaurant she grows a garden for fresh vegetables and fruits for her dishes .
use search feature on our paysites reviews https www.paysitesreviews.net website to claim huge discounts .
holiday porn deals at teen mega world nubiles vipissy and puffy network https i.redd.it/fww7ntwii2861.gif
i will be doing giveaways on other places liek twitter and insta so i might not choose from here so ye
just comment ur user and choose one items and state why i should give u
man he did a chainsaw sprint right into a chainsaw sweep .
this bubba must 've really been hitting the gym .
i 've got plenty of fish bait i do n't need any .
the desk is the classic karlby countertop dual alex drawers from ikea !
damn there 's only like 300 of us girls here compared to 5k dudes like i was expecting a good difference but this is way more than i thought lol
nta this is a jealousy issue with your sister .
cut off the info train and consider taking back your key .
in the meantime you could write out your 2021 goals as a review with this link https www.goodreads.com/book/show/56127226-2021-on-goodreads https www.goodreads.com/book/show/56127226-2021-on-goodreads
these have fucked up more of my billy sprints than i can count
i 'm partly deaf so i 'm not a fan of small talk .
i do wear hearing aids but it does n't fix the issue .
so when i tell you i 'm half-deaf and ask you to please repeat yourself if you 'd be so kind as to repeat yourself a little louder and possibly clearer with a little annunciation not the same mumbling utterance of garbage you used the first time .
i remember dining at a truck stop because of course and we .
despite the plates being huge amounts of food i think i had 3 eggs 2 pancakes 6 pieces of bacon 6 sausages and 2 pieces of toast or something fucking stupid when the server came around to grab our plates she said would y'all like a re-order ? ''
and we were like what is a re-order ? ''
apparently some people want to eat twice as much .
whomever you are on that business trip with is very lucky !
internal logic is necessary for any story or creative work .
yes it does have '' to do certain things if it wants to be taken seriously .
it 's the basic difference between good writing and bad writing .
i guess you 're technically correct in that the movie does n't have to do anything and could just be a 2 hour shot of some birds but you 'd feel kind of robbed if they titled that ww84 right ?
those pardons are real and binding on every federal court .
that day i made gratin '' a french version of lasagna that uses mashed potatoes instead of pasta and despite using the regular recipe the whole thing melted and turned into mush when i started serving my mom said that it was because i did n't let it cool but i do n't believe her what do you think is the problem i 'm new to the kitchen but i also love cooking
let us all unequip our hats for our fallen gamer 😔
i only plan on using him in certain situations if i need to .
if you 've played ds1 there 's a big indicator of nashandra 's true origins if you read her soul 's description .
there 's even more if you play the dlcs .
vendrick went to the undead crypt because he figured out about his wife knew he would eventually go hollow and knew she could n't follow him there without becoming trapped .
aldia is a scholar who studied the origins of the undead curse and the first flame .
he traced it back to gwyn though he never mentions him by name who committed the first sin by linking the flame .
you probably did miss the part where they say he 's vendrick 's brother .
most people i think are awkward and do n't know how to connect .
that being said ... you seem to have posed an open-ended question and he thought he had the right answer .
also i hope you see the irony of asking a question like this on this sub..
maybe but every democrat should still vote yes if mcconnell inserts it as a poison pill for the relief checks .
make mitch and the republican caucus both deny relief to americans and protect special interests from lawsuits .
so i believe it 's true and md worth playing though story was cut in half
if you can please leave a link to the picrew or the template so that other people can try it out too .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/traandwagon if you have any questions or concerns .
did you get an entrance scholarship or is cutoff higher ?
which is weird seeing cause they were all pumped when he was reselected as majority leader .
this is what i saw right away too also not a vet just grew up on a farm .
if you ca n't afford an emergency vet now keep her calm and quiet and in clean bedding and take her first thing when the regular clinic opens .
most clinics can fit in emergencies with an emergency fee that is less than what an emergency clinic charges
you ca n't paint any group all with one brush you can but it makes you a douche but you also ca n't deny its a concern .
i only cook food and bake stuff from actual chefs not some julia child wannabe who decided to settle in ok instead of paris .
i really do think the nice guy trope is finally falling out of public favour and i 'm so fucking glad to see it .
it 's actually a bit amazing to witness what a 180 the general public has done on rachel and ross especially in these past few years given what a sitcom it couple they were back in their day .
personally i 'm especially sick of the women being fridged https youtu.be/0d3pv4wk1qu trope .
weird how about a century later we are once again talking about wearing masks and people getting shot by cops
then they should be held liable for spreading covid-19 .
covering every patient 's hospital bill who they infect .
the people who made cryengine ca n't code in your eyes ?
i think that 's the point is it not ?
people justify their actions by shifting the blame onto someone else or saying they 're forced to do something .
my dad would kill to give me a house on my own any parent would love to know they can help their sons that way so life would be easier for them .
you 're not the asshole for giving a gift .
you 're not the asshole for not taking a gift away and give it to the parents of the wife of your daughter .
ca n't find any record of it but perhaps there is some podcast archive somewhere that has it .
nta it 's obvious the dependency of him is getting tiresome .
he 's abusing the support he 's receiving from you .
you do not have to surround yourself with that energy .
i feel the same that he often ignores or runs away from it while i like to hit it head on and talk more about it or whine .
finally am trying to accept it 's just how it is .
agreed and at the other side it was the same thing .
2 of bouch 's blocks definitely could have been fouls but were n't called .
refs ai n't perfect and ai n't perfect for both sided
i read the first few paragraphs and decided i 'll keep reading before i go to bed just good dreams reasons
i got ta say this is really good ! !
thats a hard one in theory yes in practicality no where do you draw the line ?
eg when you signup or upgrade your bb your read a short statement about speeds callled the broadband 'vcop ' which must be read line and verse or ofcom can and do fine isp 's for breaches ...
just to clarify why i wo n't be dashing in 2021
my purpose for dashing was to assist with paying my debt down .
if i was still in debt come january 1 i would keep dashing .
when i paid everything off a few weeks ago my cash flow from my primary job opened up considerably and i no longer have a need to dash .
also while i love me some extra cash i had a piece of shit dodge caravan that i was using to dash in that unfortunately shit the bed back in october .
past month and a half as i was in the home stretch with my student loans i was using my 3 year old truck and just did n't feel comfortable using it .
i do n't think that 's clear https pbs.twimg.com/media/enxgzecwwaaxyma.jpg but to each his own .
we have our own problems to deal with and this jingoistic rhetoric is a large part of the problem .
the military industrial complex is ecstatic with this new cold war
i felt bad for a video game character ... but it was maple ! !
ya i just wanted to drive the point home even harder .
i think you 're doing great for a beginner !
i could n't even manage the hard levels on my second day so feel good
no do n't say that i repressed that for a reason it 's probably also why i would have answered 16 too .
i 'm so sorry you are going through this .
playing hide and seek with my previous german shepherd was very fun .
sometimes i need someone to hit me upside the head so i can read between the lines properly
the girl i was dating at this time last year told me that i was really handsome .
first time i had gotten that kind of compliment in like 25 years .
i was really surprised and the only think i could reply was something like « wow really ?
since then i 've lost 15kg and put up some muscles not much but still so i 've got a bit more compliments but almost always from girls i 've dated or close friends .
all of those things that are no longer deductible should be reimbursed by your employer or you are a chump .
plus they upped the standard deduction to offset the loss of those deductions .
windows will take care of almost all of them with the exception of the display driver since those update more frequently than windows can keep up .
if you 've got an nvidia card i 'd highly recommend the nvidia tiny update checker https github.com/elpumpo/tinynvidiaupdatechecker/releases .
i 'd also recommend using ninte https ninite.com to download all of your freeware malware free .
you can make up any nonsense you want but do n't try and push it as the only valid truth when you 're dead wrong .
also people are allowed to call out other people 's shit interpretations .
due to the bad image quality it would help indicating if it 's something found on a lenovo and which model and if it came with the device preinstalled .
soas repay student 's £15,000 fees over 'toxic antisemitic environment ' .
noah lewis says he was forced to abandon his studies and was called a ‘white supremacist nazi ' for expressing pro-israel views https www.theguardian.com/education/2020/dec/29/soas-repay-students-15000-fees-over-toxic-antisemitic-environment
noah lewis a canadian was enrolled as a student at soas in the academic year 2018/19 .
he claimed that during his time at soas jews and people who were pro-israel were labelled as zionists antisemitic graffiti and symbols were found on lockers desks and toilet walls and many people publicly stated their support for the bds movement which promotes boycotts divestments and sanctions against israel .
when he stated his intention to write a dissertation on the systemic biases that exist in the united nations and target the state of israel he said fellow students accused him of being complicit in covering up israeli war crimes and that he was a white supremacist nazi .
belgium is in the top 100 but the dutch are n't as it should be .
i 'm a bit surprised that the french congo is on the map but the belgian one is not .
i would have guessed that it 's the belgian-congo meme that put us in the top 100 .
i grew up there but i was n't reformed at the time so i do n't have any experience with the churches i know there are a few pca ones though
my mom gave me a white robe that said soon to be mrs. total '' on the back .
and the soon to be '' was removable so now i just have a mrs. total robe .
this should be noted in parentheses in each topic header .
also the bones would have dispersed it would not have stayed together
i just learned more from your comment than ten plus years of therapy .
so you just gon na ignore all the other points i made ?
maybe we 'll see old factions like baratheons during robert 's rebellion or old targaryen faction before dany 's army
wow she even photoshopped her knees out in that car picture ...
at least you got to see him who he really is before you walk down the aisle or even had a kid with him .
so i 'm going to come and says do n't return the ring and just sell it .
i kind of agree with this but just hear me out .
i say do n't return the ring and sell the metal of the ring but keep the diamonds .
you can put the diamonds to be used into a custom ring all of your own .
learn to weld and buy a lot of tools .
unless you are looking for a new expensive hobby just buy it .
sorry u/getvideobot your comment contains a hyperlink and it was removed .
hyperlink a clickable word that points to a website .
example source proof click here more pictures and so on
use visible links that start with https and points to a image gif on imgur/redgifs/gyfcat .
sorry for a headache but this is our spam guard system .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitnakedgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
nice my drive was 38 miles and took 5 hours .
got stuck on that bridge on i55 for 2 hours completely parked .
fuhhhhk ... . we are almost at our peak from before and christmas just hit in 2 weeks this is really gon na hurt .
sse i get error 2012 no matter what i do on fnis .
crazy thing—i i already have a few skeins of this yarn in grey but still in my stash .
i used it to make a ginormous blanket for my ginormous grown son a few years ago .
would definitely like to know what you 've got available if you still have it
if you still need the evo trades i can help i also need to touchtrade porygon for pokedex
for anyone seeing this i was able to use std unixstream and it works great for my single-client case .
or that time tasha yar killed a guy on planet of the black people ?
dry foods are usually sold by weight but liquidy things are usually sold by liquid volume .
either ounces or fractions of a gallon pint quart half gallon gallon .
what can make it even more confusing is an ounce can either be a liquid or a weight measure .
i mean paid site as in paid to view it like it was meant to be without ads .
premium is really only useful for saw and no ads .
oh well if you 're using mods then yeah that solves the problem .
unfortunately i do n't know if subsidiaries can build their own branch offices .
my gut feeling says they probably can if they 're able to have commercial pacts with other empires which ...
sorry i ca n't be more helpful on this .
i personally am okay with eligible folks opting out of the vaccine if it means i and mine can take it sooner .
i have a hard time believing i am alone in this category .
our ancestors also loved making things out of dick bones .
there 's also evidence that direwolves might have had breeding issues because a significant number of males in the la brea tar pits have broken baculum !
im seeing a trend and its cg not metzger .
metzgers just this weeks target again after they had issues with esb .
i can give you two purple artifacts with def rolls three varunada lazurite slivers and one fragment .
fame is easier but its still pretty unlikely to do that in two weeks unless you really no life it and focus solely on getting stars as opposed to playing the game .
as for connection i really have no clue how you 're having issues .
probably runs a lot better with an eternal connection .
zack in the entire wonder women costume is a must see
sounds like you know how to properly fix wiring .
if you 've repaired countless vehicles then i 'd imagine you 've come across your fair share of problems created by people not knowing how to properly repair things as well .
that 's all i was speaking to someone who is n't familiar with simple wiring repairs should n't be messing with an electronic throttle body circuit .
that 's a big problem with the central valley .
there is a contingency of people that are absolute idiots and have no consideration for nature .
i know it happens everywhere but here it is more concentrated .
oh goodness i hated the sight of those li'l buggers when i was a kid .
u drink what you want mate and blast the haters
is it fair to say she 's the most advanced of the bunch ?
cause i 'd certainly think so based on the 2 matches they 've all had so far .
mango basically wants to fuck over companies like fb by making them responsible for anything anyone says on their platform all because they did n't let him push his propaganda .
no fan of fb but that will affect virtually every major tech firm .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tartflap if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't think i could handle ben and leslie 's basically perfect relationship after a breakup .
i was taking 150mg of effexor and was able to decrease it to 37.5mg so i could start microdosing and i take 300mg of golden teacher every 3 days .
from my experience you can always reconnect after a dc if your character is still alive in the raid .
i 'd rather the majority benefit than worry about a small minority that makes bad choices .
it 's still money being put into the economy which helps keep the country going .
ant might be a franchise changing player ... not hard to imagine him taking over playoff series and putting a team on his back .
i 'd advise going to r/engineeringstudents this is subreddit is more for memes
she seems to be someone who prefers casual which is fine but do n't take it personal .
i 'm here to tell you you are doing more than fine .
king david watches his friends wife bathing makes her come see him impregnates her and has her husband killed .
god orders whole villages of peaceful people to be slaughtered .
it 's a pretty disgusting piece of human history .
that just gives me more reason to pop bubble wrap
i just got a new sr15 and noticed it wasnt chrome why not
why do they steal them if only to abandon them so soon after ?
or do they steal them hoping there 's stuff inside ?
lol i remember the first night after the finale she was on insta stories and he just looked visibly stunned and confused lol maybe also exhausted from their media that day you can tell this is all very new to him and it 's very endearing .
this is a fact not any indictment of him as a dude or player .
so you have to put any text/description in the header ?
i think that someone would 've realised that we have to come from somewhere with a more realistic point of view .
i believe in god and all of that but i believe that when god created us he did n't made us perfect for centuries to come so even if you believe in god or believe that we evolve from monkeys evolution does exist .
his real identity is matches malone down on his luck dock worker and sometime ne'er-do-well .
it 's entirely possible to be racist toward any group of people like that .
also possible to be racist toward your own race .
well you also are voting for the objectively better candidates too
it 's for all oculus headsets it still logs your shit when you try using link on your pc ...
it 's gon na chop a lot under 30k before we 're break it .
still a lot of people with 2017 peak ptsd who want to exit right under 30k .
kyle trask really has to go out with this nonsense .
ok i thought i was tripping this whole time .
see it 's funny because besides maria the series have done all of these things .
kender 's echidna lore is especially infuriating so i guess that 's the worst .
besides it being annoying as fuck the ghastly penders might come and julie sue you
historically speaking the left have n't won very much .
when you leave the playground you 'll learn that in the real world emotional decisions and impulsive reactions make situations worse instead of better .
ah yeah that is one of the worst descriptions in that book .
though it is not a sleight that is used much anyway .
to me the description should be hold the coin between the thumb and index finger .
with your index being on the front face and your thumb on the back face .
allow your middle finger to go to back face and your ring finger to the front face and let them take the coin .
curl those fingers inwards so that your palm can grip the coin .
if you have any questions feel free to ask .
i highly recommend getting a digital subscription to reel magic for a month .
it is 5 and in the bonus section curtis cam has been going through bobo 's giving a lot of useful insights to the sleights .
whether they are useful or not what scenario they might be used etc .
i read how to listen to jazz this year .
i really enjoyed it and i feel like i get jazz in a new way .
your submission has been automatically removed due to not using a direct link to a hosted image .
please resubmit your post with a direct image url .
to get this right-click on your image select copy image url and paste that into the url field of the create a post page .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ratemyrack if you have any questions or concerns .
3 tasks for her bow seem so little ... just one task if you do n't count the premium content .
the employee working from home who sent out this email was hitting the bong too hard .
do you have a fish and wildlife department to call and report to ?
the quarterback hands it off it 's run up the middle and stopped at the jackson state 40 .
it 's 2nd and 5. ! https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20gainrunpositive message=the 20quarterback 20hands 20it 20off 2c 20it 27s 20run 20up 20the 20middle 2c 20and 20stopped 2c 20at 20the 20 7byardline 7d. 20a 20run 20of 20 7byards 7d 20yard 28s 29. 20it 27s 20 7bdown 7d 20and 20 7byardsleft 7d .
it 's 2nd and 5 on the jackson state 40 .
u/jzkitty21 and u/jackvd datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' kn4vl8 ''
it 's a fresh food shortage that 's expected why the logistical issues are dealt with .
i already ca n't afford fresh food as a general rule so i 'm not overly concerned .
nz is all ready overpopulated with it 's failing infrastructure and lack of housing so really it 's do i go
he had a kid and she just took that from him .
mostly esh other than mark dad and your mom .
and i do n't blame your dad he was fed up and gave her what she wanted .
probably shouldn't 've done it in front of everyone tho
kratos does have moments of self reflection even in the early games .
him killing and fucking his way across greece is still presented in a negative light .
the consensus on this sub for some misinformed reason could be drinking woolie 's koolaid is that he 's getting pats on the back or something when everyone is either afraid of him or hates him and every selfish thing he does ends up coming back to fuck him up later .
i am currently ripped off of this exact same batch
i have no idea what this person is talking about they may be just be having a bad day
nxt is so for the olds we 're getting life insurance commercials
i 'm looking at harvesting yeast for the first time from my new conical .
have i got it right in assuming i can simply dump the yeast from the bottom of the fermenter into a sanitized jar and repitch it straight into another batch ?
a lot of these front line workers especially airline staff are taking great risks .
is it ok for more to be infected waiting until march if there is an approval sooner ?
i 'll let you know what people say about it if you 'd like
that would be the exact opposite of what you need to do .
at the start of this video they are either safe where they are or they are dead .
where all does your ancestry lie out of curiosity ?
i think i did since i 'm usually a laid back kind of guy and since she has been here i have never raised my voice to that level even when i 'm raging on cod
i came here to comment on ct in the duel .
you can watch his personality shift as he falls for diem .
he evolves into the guy full of heart and compassion and acceptance .
i feel like some people do n't like ct or want him to leave because he 's old .
note i am old and have watched rw/rr live since their first seasons .
i have such an affinity for ct and will always cheer him on because of his growth and maturity through some really tough shit which he did n't handle well at first .
seeing how he cares for big t and sees potential in her is just so wholesome .
and i would have never considered ct wholesome back in paris .
my heart breaks for you from one twin to another i 'm so so so deeply sorry
you could probably cut the flanges off and do a short clamp repair .
there might also be enough flange left on the upstream exhaust to replace the muffler and get new bolts through .
plot twist the son is andrew cuomo receiving his emmy .
we also do not allow you to post that you have a kik or snapchat as many sellers use this method for bypassing our rules .
if you would still like to post please edit your post and message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fgbr4r subject .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gbr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
your qb is n't getting a handshake i 'll tell you rn .
i 'm biased but the chiefs have the best super bowl odds and if he wins the super bowl he 's 100 gon na be sbmvp .
it 's a one-time occurrence or scripted and not a dynamic system .
there are no gang cars or cop cars driving around
when npcs bother cops shoot straight at them cops do not retaliate
there are no dynamic '' encounters where a group of rivalling gang/cop members start a spontaneous shoot-out/drive-by
upon death of random npcs there are no emergency services trauma team ? ?
checking things out just cops spawning out of thin air if you accidentally spin out
i hope cdpr revamps/fixes these as they can bring much atmosphere and general believability of the world .
it 's kind of a shame exploring is pretty great there 's a lot of detail in the city from the industrial areas to japantown to city center .
having a more interactive world npc ai would greatly enhance that experience .
yeah the highest i 've faced was s1 his name is charismatic evil and he beat me badly with his main team i got like 2 rounds out of 2 matches
actually made me go back to flight of the conchords again .
lmao he 's asking for advice i do n't think a ‘do n't stick your dick in crazy ' is helpful rn .
the girl is emotionally manipulative and people are acting like she 's just a ‘crazy girl ' .
i 'd say too parallel.to the ground on down swing .
also neck at awkward angle on the down swing .
it 's good time spent with your kid and allows you to show your daughter how they should be treated .
text posts are exclusively for discussion and discourse of technology andor it 's effects on society .
that means at a minimum requirement they must have some short synopsis of what the topic is about and ideally present links to back up the hypothesis and links to show any counter points as well .
if your post does not meet the above criteria please edit and expand your post before messaging the moderators for approval .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/technology if you have any questions or concerns .
well this is the first time i 've actually played minecraft longer than 10 minutes so i kind of have no idea what to expect ...
in 2007 when joe biden said barack obama was great because there was finally an upright and presentable african american candidate . ''
why that 's my favorite combination in the whole world 💕💕
i 've been in that area many times and i have n't seen it change by itself .
i was just trying free sync to see if it made a difference .
i can not guarantee that this will be a good diy .
removed your karma score is below 10 please reach this before posting again .
you get karma by commenting on subreddits and people upvoting it .
this action is to prevent spam on the subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/clashroyale if you have any questions or concerns .
by my comment i meant that they are both garbage dumbass
i use alpaca wool dryer balls and have n't had an issue with them imparting any off '' smells .
my d-i-l will spray hers with lavender linen water but that just happened to be the scent she likes for her laundry .
alexa donne on yt talks about specific elements of writing and tends to use specific examples of novels to describe it
it 's pretty much the same reason for any race fetish really it 's an exotic aspect that they do n't see or get from one of the same race .
black white asian latina when it comes to a race fetish it 's either the exotic aspect or the taboo .
does n't take anything away from you as a person but in regards to the fetish aspect that 's generally the reason .
yes there is a bit of a bug with antidote atm where even if you have armour left it does n't restore anything .
the team is aware of it and will fix it thx for your patience 🙂
and yes i am so creative with my naming that i name my space stations planet name space station number .
i think updating the link to not pastebin should work ?
gotcha okay i have a hard time finding a collar that 'll fit my dog all the wide ones are either tactical for bigger dogs
i hope you have better luck with the next ones !
i want to prefice this by saying that i do not condone the comment he made to you .
i have been in relationships where the other person says mean things in the heat of an argument with the specific intent to be hurtful .
it could be that he did n't mean it at all .
either way though it does n't sound like you guys have a healthy level of communication with eachother .
all wounds can heal over time if both parties are willing to work towards that goal .
if this has been the norm though throughout your relationship i would recommend moving on and finding a partner that 's a better match for you .
the only right i want it to have is the right not to be murdered .
i 'm liking high crystal currently for me but the bases are slightly harder .
if you 'd like easy loot for sneak gobs or barch low crystal to gold should be fine .
if you want higher loot but more difficult bases then high crystal to low masters should be good .
do n't own a katana but planning on getting one in the future how difficult was the mod ?
haha i could n't do it but i also could n't just leave so i sat there awkwardly while it was being recorded .
i 'm so terrified of those legs but look how cute and fuzzy she is
we are not in the business of infecting opponents and things of that nature .
this is just life in the national football league .
there were improvements made but it means the original draft was so bad it was unreasonable .
there 's only so much you can polish a turd .
this is what i was thinking haha he 's stupid or ca n't control his good cravings
also you 'll notice it has an internal gear hub and belt drive instead of derailer and chain so extremely clean no oil or grease with virtually no maintenance .
compare that to the giant escape 3 which has a good frame but box store level components on it
she controls and makes grimm with literally thousands of years of experience
then stop bitching life is n't fair you live in san francisco
raise the stakes and make it fast and testimony meeting
yeah i figured rank demotion would happen but it 's great that you did n't lose your other progress and that you got to replay the other events lol .
i just tried it netflix prompted to install microsoft silverlight but even after installing it does n't work it still prompts install microsoft silverlight plug in ''
i did n't see dimensions on your etsy can you tell me about how big it is ?
it does n't look like much except for botox and fillers .
the 9-5 kept the true saab b motor and the 9-3 from 2003 on was running a gm 2.0 that had basically all swedish engineered internals .
the only thing about the 2.0 that was gm was the block .
i still consider 9-3s and 9-5s true saabs other than the 2011 9-5 which was just a very good looking buick .
everyone in my family forgot it was my birthday .
then there was that awkward oh ... uh ... well let 's go out and eat then ? ''
sorry but i just called my friends and they 're going to take me out .
then there was that disapproval look of 'we are your family you should be celebrating with us not with your friends ' .
the thing was i had actually turned down my friends invitation a few days earlier because i thought my family would want to do something together .
ps they tried to make it right the next day by picking up a belated cake .
i 'm a little furry right now hope you do n't mind !
dak is an upgrade over tua and still young .
russ has never been the most efficient player but ts has plenty of variance in tiny sample sizes .
look at oubre currently sitting at 29.2 ts when his career average is 54 and he was at 56 the past two seasons .
i 'm gon na say that will drastically change .
there 's currently a imo gamebreaking bug related to zoom and alt-fire being on the same button if you shoot a rocket press zoom with the intention to zoom with rail then switch to rail either of the following can happen
instead of zooming and switching to rail you shoot a grenade .
the switch to rail happens but the zoom does n't happen and rail fires instantly .
if you press the buttons fire/zoom/rail-bind in a slightly different order it might even work as intended .
this change makes me not want to play the game currently as it just feels broken to combo from rl to rail .
i 'm not as upset about it as you are but i did notice this and i would like to see it fixed .
no shit i 'm not nearly as moronic as most of these shitheads lmao
you talk like you are which really is n't helping any of your arguments .
football gods bless the chiefs that 's why the chiefs are the best in the league .
it 's good to see the neverending enthusiasm of the rush fanbase .
i 've stocked up on some christmas candles and some nice tags that i 'm already looking forward to using next year too .
i sometimes like to try and get some christmas decorations gifts for other people too get a head start on next years christmas presents .
you miss the point 500 legionaries in testudo over a saw with 2 rifles in support .
the enemy numbers would n't be enough to break the formation while under firearm suppression
sounds like you both expressed political opinions on grindr .
if you 're gon na dish it unsolicited expect it back in the same form .
even if it 's a joke some dude who cares a lot might genuinely have something to say .
it 's like people who shout at their table about politics in a full restaurant and complain when someone comes up and says something they disagree with .
expect it next time because you 're certainly inviting it .
in b4 victim blame '' this is n't rape idrc .
as a american i can say this is 100 true
should i be the one to bring up if you dislike her you should take a step back and realize why you dislike her hmm ''
my costs have increased since our office was sent home .
the required high speed internet phone line personal space now dedicated to office space webcam chair etc .
meanwhile the boss saves on supplies snow days real estate insurance catering etc.. not a great deal especially since they decided to cut off cost of living increases due to the stock market crash which has since bounced hard .
i do recall reading that some scandinavian countries are requiring employers to compensate for this but this is the usa .
the kids are n't necessarily the problem who they could potentially spread it to is .
do n't be deliberately obtuse just for the sake of being a contrarian you too know what the risks are and you too have surely seen the news and are aware of the skyrocketing number of cases over the past few days .
my understanding of parkinson 's is that there are many lifestyle choices that have the potential to greatly slow the progression of the illness especially if you begin early .
any time/money/effort you spend identifying and acting on those will probably be the best investment you can make .
it will reduce the financial burden of the disease and potentially give you exposure to future treatments that can slow the progression even more .
she lives in suburban dallas and that will get you quite a nice home there .
you have until 12/31 01:11 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20201231t181159 .
u/cheezeitsatorlando reply with normal squib or onside and your number .
the clock has stopped datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.kickoff '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' kn4khd ''
i dont normally defend whitney but i would be pissed too if my houseguest was sneaking strangers into the house that i pay for .
there have been a couple of times this year that i have specifically quarantined myself before going to visit my grandparents .
i would be raging mad if there had been a stranger in my house that exposed me to the virus and then i unknowingly passed it to my elderly family members .
maybe whitney was rude but i think it is buddy and brittany 's fault for putting her in this position .
that is so disrespectful and really says a lot about brittany 's character that she would be deceptive right off the bat like that
have you not seen magic mike and the classic sequel magic mike xxl !
total bro fest with some occasional suggestive dance numbers .
we 're tier 3 however derbyshire is tier 4 so o do n't think we 're allowed to go over the border .
i have one right now but it goes back in .
yes i would need to compare since the idea is that i would use sony for video added that most of my friends are using sony and shooting as a group/team will benefit to have the same brand
but for photography street passion projects i would still want to use fuji my friends once again references their collegues who use fuji for fun but use sony for work
and so instead of having a body and collect different lens it is to use the x100 ...
alternatively i can imagine checking out the x-e3 new 4 since they are relatively the same size and get pancake 27mm f2.8 mark 2 lens when they are release .
ernie laughed at his own joke because he knew he got him real good
damn son you 've been unemployed for 8 months and spent it playing vidya games ?
not sure about you or your circumstances but thats kinda weird no ?
calling mary time law mary time law we neeed a stuuuuu lol i 'm so sad they 're off this week !
please spoiler format this friend so new readers get the fresh laughs .
but a majority of them look plucked right out of an issue .
here 's a few things you need to know before contributing
here is reddit 's policy regarding posting personal information https www.reddithelp.com/en/categories/rules-reporting/account-and-community-restrictions/posting-someones-private-or-personal
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/botchedsurgeries if you have any questions or concerns .
the urban decay wired palette patchy difficult to blend difficult to layer shadows fade after a short wear time .
some of those purple shimmer/metallics were just poor quality .
i dug them out of the palette to try and repress .
one i managed to make ok the other was still hot garbage .
nomad marrakesh palette the shadows were too soft to work with .
vibrant in the pan but meh on the eyes .
i loved dark so that 's good enough for me
people take things for granted and do shit like this ...
i did n't mean to say the left is anti gun .
i 'm on the left too and have no problem with it .
it 's just that the republican politicians are so over the top rah rah gun cheerleaders and that they fearmonger making it seem like the left wants to do away with the second amendment altogether .
now those kids can grow up knowing their dad was an idiot
lol no we are not you believe that 's a real address i gave him ?
it was a random one i hit on google lol
ah a fan of run the jewels i see !
i 'm within hitting distance of completing my dex and would greatly appreciate if someone could please trade an oranguru with me .
we all sometimes feel like unorthodox shapes being jammed against the conventionally shaped holes into which society wants us to fit .
but take a second to ask yourself how does your odd shape advantage you ?
what do you have to offer that normal '' people do n't ?
a place for members of r/weeeeehaahaha to chat with each other
in just a few hours the game will be released for pc .
after 3 delays and almost 8 years of waiting it 's finally here .
the journey has been incredible and there could not have been a more breathtaking community .
once the game is released i 'm going to leave the subreddit to avoid spoilers and come back once i finish it .
it 's been one hell of a ride and i 'll see you all in night city .
what is a good online resource for a sample exam ?
aside from what 's offered at the comptia site ?
thanks from a long time lurker in this site and first time posting .
edit it appears some extra steps which have n't yet been figured out are required to get full range out of these dongles .
please hold off on this solution until it 's figured out !
requires a resistor and some soldering but seems the range is insane after that .
posting this with permission from the author on the space cal discord !
they bought a crazy radio dongle and figured out how to flash it to a watchman dongle .
they 're not that much cheaper than other places but it 's another source at least !
warning this is a bit of work to do !
i 'm sure we 'll eventually come up with an easier way to do it
note the cheaper dongles found on ebay listed as ‘crazyradio ' will not work as they 're using the 16k version 32k version is needed !
you need to get them from an official source official source is linked in the guide
u/monstermac77 — might be a good thing to add to the resource list !
another note if you 're good with soldering/desoldering surface mount chips something similar can be done by getting the cheap dongles and transplanting the official nrf 32k chips https www.mouser.com/productdetail/nordic-semiconductor/nrf24lu1p-f32q32-t ? qs=yd0qohnsidcwp9bbohqxig 3d 3d onto them .
can make a dongle for around 10 if so ... but there is a lot of time involved and of course all the soldering tools needed .
i 've seen a couple people do it successfully .
i currently have all the bits needed but have not yet found the time to try it myself and do a detailed guide ...
anyway just thought this might be useful for some !
but i am getting really-really tired of abusive customers .
they just yell point fingers have this shitty attitude over the phone .
it 's as if they treat us like we 're god damn animals or automated robots .
call after call i get the world 's shittiest human beings and i 'm becoming cynical myself .
how the hell do you people cope with this shit ?
the bypass is more rounded/square as it follows the edge of my map .
once i finished i realized my critical error that it 's a longer route not a shortcut !
i tried turning portions of the original freeway into 3 lane roads particularly underneath diamond interchanges but that only worked for one direction of traffic not the other direction .
i wish vanilla/console allowed you to change the speed limits !
i 've thought about ripping out the freeway and turning it into parks or an arterial road but that wo n't be feasible .
even thought cities are better off without freeways i still really enjoy building and managing freeways in this game .
when we apply rd to schools we did n't rank through qb do they receive all of our qb stuff transcripts scores recommendations ?
we do n't need to have our schools send all of that stuff to each school individually right ?
24/7 mining use bilgehancoin if you need a referral code
my logic here is that these two clans were going to be released after it launched this year anyways .
so since the game will have been in development for an entire extra year some i think we deserve to have gangrel and nosferatu at launch .
at this point there is n't really any excuse for us to not have them in the game right ?
keep in mind this game was originally supposed to launch early march .
and we wo n't be seeing it until probably around halloween next year .
honestly i 'd be surprised if it 'd be worth more than 100 knowing how long i 've had it .
i remember the exact day i got this laptop https www8.hp.com/us/en/campaigns/hp\_star\_wars\_laptop/overview.html https www8.hp.com/us/en/campaigns/hp_star_wars_laptop/overview.html 12/5/15 so it 's just over 5 years old .
the only physical damage this laptop has is a crack on the right corner of the keyboard panel right where the laptop is connected to the screen where it opens and closes .
it does not affect it being opened or closed though .
the only other problem with it is when you turn it on and only when you load up a game it will almost always flash these tiny little lines in the screen kind of like tv static but it 's so minimal that sometimes you do n't notice it and it will sometimes flash a black screen really quickly .
that 's all the problems i can point out .
also if you can could you list off each part and tell me how much it could be worth ?
because i definitely know with the problems i 've described there 's no way i can sell it as a whole .
i have the following sets dollhouses kids ' tents and plush puppies !
just asking that maybe you bring anything you do n't want/need and leave it on my picnic areas !
capitalism is going through a massive social and cultural crisis alienation is a its peak and marx 's fears are becoming more and more a reality .
in these kind of hard times socialism should act as an instrument for people to fight off the forces of capital .
but what i see from modern socialists and intellectuals is a total submission to the principles of the same society they should be trying to fight including scientific moral and spiritual decadence .
is there any hope still left for a genuine communist movement in the west ?
thought i would use it as a media player but i never do .
unsure if i have the original box but i do have the unused headphones .
i 'll update about the box when i get home .
i read this article this morning from yesterday it talks about renaming streets with colonial names such as wakefield who lead the new zealand company which started settlements around the middle of nz .
the pupils who are leading this project say it is for their maori activism class and that the mana whenua taranaki whanui who arrived in wellington a decade or two earlier than the new zealand company should have more say in place names .
my view is that the new zealand company is equally mana whenua of the wellington region and local councils such as hutt city and wellington city should take steps to protect and recognize this .
in light of apples announcement that the airpod max will be available soon i see no reason to continue .
we have no higher goal to aspire to least it be to the airpods max .
if i am not mistaken was n't it rumored we were getting an unreleased rise of skywalker black series figure for a mando monday ?
i could have sworn that it was rumored along with the captain cardinal helmet for black series roleplay .
if it is rumored to be in the works who do you think it could be ?
i 'm straight i do n't want to see your porn collection .
honestly i 'm about to start a new path .
and i tend to be anti social so i 'm putting myself out there .
i 'm clint l am very pleased to meet you !
i transferred a local single player world into a realm but i 've spawn in a random location with non of my items and i 'm pretty sure it 's not the same seed please help me
it 's december which mean christmas is coming and double ec event will be an amazing gift for us .
so please give us double ec event again till 1st january .
for those of you who may have seen my previous post s about our daughter 's name i wanted to introduce her !
hi i am new to reddit and i was wondering if someone could help me make my bnha oc and quirk
crazy to see some knicks after no games since early march !
temos também sistemas não gerenciados pelo hotmart conhecidos como sistemas de afiliados onde determinado produtor desenvolveu um produto e paga você para divulgar esse produto nesse caso o seu único trabalho é divulgar o produto pela internet e fazer mais vendas possíveis o melhor nesse sistema é que a cada venda que você realiza você ganha sua comissão então é bem justo para ambas as partes tanto para quem paga quanto para quem está divulgando o produto ou serviço .
hoje uma das melhores preocupações que temos quando falamos em trabalhos online ou compras online ou vendas online são as questões de pagamento grande maioria dos sites e sistemas pagam utilizando serviços de pagamento online assim como o mercado pago pague seguro outros internacionais como o paypal dentre outros sistemas online esses sistemas te dão toda a segurança referente a um pagamento se você não gosta do produto ou serviço você pode cancelar o seu pagamento na hora que desejar então essa acaba sendo uma das menores preocupações quanto a esses tipos de trabalho .
já referente as suas garantias de recebimento fica bem simples se você deseja participar de um desses sistemas inicia as suas divulgações e não recebe nada por isso você simplesmente pode abandonar o seu trabalho e não fazer mais nada .
porém imagine o seguinte de que forma a empresa para qual você está divulgando ganha mais ? ? ? ?
tenha em mente que eles vão ganhar mais apenas se você também ganhar pois você vai receber parte como comissão e a outra parte logicamente e dele dessa forma é uma via de mão única onde eles ganham se você também ganhar e isso faz total diferença para que eles tenham todo o interesse em que você ganha em cada vez mais .
existem sistema simples como por exemplo o software pcg programa classificados grátis se trata de um software de marketing online cujo desenvolvedor paga comissões a você para divulgar o software essa é uma forma encontrada pelo desenvolvedor para divulgar a sua ferramenta de forma mais efetiva isso é lucrativo tanto para você que vai divulgar a ferramenta quanto para o desenvolvedor que paga para que você faça isso os pagamentos são comissões que chegam a quase 50 para você que não tem trabalho algum com desenvolvimento ou manutenção do software isso é excelente pois o seu único trabalho é divulgar e receber as suas comissões já para o desenvolvedor ele tem trabalhos como desenvolvimento manutenção resposta a clientes e possíveis clientes dentre outros trabalhos que ele venha a ter com a ferramenta .
basta pesquisar por pcg programa classificados grátis e você vai encontrar o site contendo vídeos e até falando sobre o sistema de revenda .
therefore a p link should be added to the bucket this year .
note our main aim is to serve you the best we can .
you can read this to get more information about our future plans .
we focus on long-term service not just pump and dump '' or quick riches ''
create a utility on sktg such as bills payment .
we 'll launch our app on playstore for easy usage amongst other plans
this is the 108798th time i made this shitty comment .
5 best seo practices to create and optimize your xml sitemaps https preview.redd.it/sgpe6irs1d461.jpg ? width=1058 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=496c886129d1b5b5960cd12c3b15b6abe54f8d7a
a sitemap is an important part of optimizing any website .
here are 5 tips to create and optimize your sitemap for search engines and visitors .
suggested topic the chiefs head back to miami to play the dolphins on sunday .
talk about anything else that does n't deserve its own post here .
reinstalled all drivers booted in clean mode limited fps turning off all overlays incl .
i ca n't play the game more than 20min before it randomly crashes and send me back to the desktop .
feel free to send me offers or to add me to negotiate .
more interested in similar priced skins than arcs it 's just priced in arcs to get a idea of the price .
b/o awp electric hive w ibuypower holo on scope mw https s1.cs.money/vue3gvk_image.jpg 37 arcs
b/o ak ch 724 bs decent blue on top https s1.cs.money/7fjsqlx_image.jpg 7 arcs
b/o ak vulcan mw with crown https s1.cs.money/pqnufp7_image.jpg 18 arcs
is there any vns below 500 mb which i can play in android using emulator
100 chance this will be effective and if not at least we have already had some alcohol to numb the disappointment !
so a guy i was seeing just told me he tested positive for syphilis .
but the same day i was with him i started penicillin because my dentist was worried about a possible infection near my wisdom teeth .
that was last tuesday the 1st and that 's the day i started the penicillin and just finished it today .
would it have been effective at fighting the syphilis infection ?
any females interested in roleplaying with me i have trouble falling asleep and rp helps me
maid needs to do laundry and im crashed on the bed and she ripped off my blanket to find me naked with a huge cock
teacher and student im the student who you always have trouble with and im failing your class so you use a different method of giving me extra credit
you play a doctor or nurse and im coming in for a physical and when you tell me to drop my pants you could n't help staring at my cock
scenario7 i find out that my bestfriend mom or sister works at a massage parlor
scenario8 you play a celebrity where you 're in lockdown and you start to get horny so you hire me from an escort website
i go to a college party and hookup with a random girl
if interested kik me norules1024 and tell me what scenario and your kinks and limits are please i am 18 and all participants and characters must be 18 ''
and please do n't say hi at first because i might think that you are a seller
so i spent a lot of time on getting the method correct that checks if a seat should change .
basically i had a bunch of for loops and doing i-/+1 and j+/-1 but there is probably a much better way to either write it down less lines or to do it more efficiently .
15 hours into donut week channuka and ive only had one donut this is not good .
from rots and tcw we all know that the inhibitor chip in all clones are the main reason why they turned against their friends .
that usually means the bad batch also has the same inhibitor chips .
but i heard that due to their defection their inhibitor chip did n't work exactly .
and in the new series will they work for the empire or the republic ?
are there any male clothes from blackpink i can only find female hoodies ...
i 'm 27 year olda white male currently serving in the us navy .
i 've been in for about 9 years now and plan on making a career out of it .
going forward i 'm hoping to hone my leadership skills more .
are there any active/retired/reserve military feminists on this subreddit that would be willing to share advice/past experience on common issues women face in the military ?
also i 'd love to hear from other feminist leaders about qualities they admire in their leadership or things they 've learned being in a leadership position themselves .
thank you in advance for your time and replies !
click download and install office at microsoft365.com/setup https z365setup.com once you sign in to microsoft 365 account.make sure you have created the account however you can use onedrive outlook.com skype or xbox live accounts for sign in .
if you have not purchased the microsoft subscription yet then do n't worry the microsoft365.com/setup https z365setup.com will take you to the correct webpage .
i have n't participated in a nerf war in over 15 years the firefly was my primary back in the day .
anyways for christmas all i know is my niece and nephews are obsessed with nerf and that 's all they want .
if i had to guess they likely only have nerf brand blasters so i was wondering maybe if there were any adventure force or dart zone blasters i could get them that they would enjoy .
they are roughly 10 years old will mostly be playing indoors or in backyard .
hoping to get 3 blasters 1 for each of them for under 100 royal but i could spend more if it 's worth it .
long time lurker but i 've finally graduated to be here !
i 've previously had one mc blighted ovum in 2016 .
i 'm worried these are low but the nurse said as long as there is doubling it 's all good .
tonight i 've been having pain in my right side slightly lower than my last rib but higher than my belly button .
anyways i 'm an anxious mess and i 'm worried about everything from the hcg levels to am i having an ectopic because of the one sided pain ?
it would make a lot of sense to have this in because then just like in me1 and me2 it would import your choices over to the next game and you could possibly have a completely different story depending on the ending you chose
if i were to lower my hcg dose how long would it take for the high e2 to lower to the new dose ?
shawn asks him how far he thinks they are and he states i do n't know 6 miles and it 's 6.03 !
there 's no way i could tell without wearing a pedometer also .
when i was a little kid no older than 4 or 5 my father drove this really nice 1994 firebird formula and he loved that thing .
he did end up having to get rid of it because at the time he and my mother could n't afford to keep it .
i doubt he 'd admit it but it was hard for him to say goodbye to it .
if at all possible i 'd love to reunite him with his firebird years later because these days he 's nearing retirement and has mentioned a few times how he 'd like a project car to occupy his time .
i 've done some digging through his old paperwork and bank records and i found the vehicle 's identification number 2g2fv22p8r2246568 but i have n't been able to find anything else about the whereabouts or what 's happened to it since .
it 's my hope that the reddit community can help me find my dads old firebird and the car that ultimately sparked my love for american muscle .
i understand that this search could lead to a dead end but the possibility of finding the car is enough for me to make this post .
been edging need a dom to tell me what to do as i tease myself until i let go and try to have fun
25 yo virgin white boy with peach ass looking for big black cock or arab muslim dom kik sudornyboi
i know the basics it 's a fantasy world the three races i 've made so far are humans elves and giants but i 'll likely add more .
humans are as tall as they are in the real world elves around 8 feet giants around 14 feet .
there 's a girl mayel who uses magic via her voice and is terribly powerful .
problem is she has n't been through formal training and can not control it .
while defending someone close to her she kills four giants which is completely unheard of .
wanted posters are put up everywhere and a giant bounty hunter named loulins finally catches up with her and captures her gagging and tying her up .
she tries to escape the first night and the fact that she does n't use magic at all during the struggle proves to loulins who already had his doubts about the tales said about her that they 're all false .
he 's torn about turning her in for reward since he thinks her innocent but chooses to continue traveling and wait for his friend 's opinion .
his friend a jerk fire-ice elf born of wedlock named stake is pro-turning-in-for-moolah .
loulins is almost considering setting her free though when one day she uses magic accidentally he tries to cut her free from a rope tied around her legs because he tied the knot too tight and she panics when seeing the knife and screams sending pain all through his body .
so that totally breaks apart her whole story of innocence .
perhaps loulins bonds somewhat with mayel not romantically ya creeps and ca n't turn her in especially seeing how she ca n't control her magic herself ...
i just jumped into this story eyes closed and i was wondering if anyone had any good plot ideas sorry for the word vomit although i suppose it 's acceptable on this subreddit lol
we 're professional with wheels we are here to make your life better connect with us and treat yourself with the flavor of driving and turn yourself into driving expert like us .
just visit roadmax https www.roadmax.in and fill the simple form .
and if you have your eyes open underwater for too long you go blind .
because germs and salt and shit get in there .
shits are going wild with my courseworks and i just broke up with my boyfriend cuz i 'm too stressed out lately and i regret it so much .
still hope you all can pass well this quarter .
i made a lab setup with my router and my pc in same subnet..the case is i can sometimes ping to my router interface and sometimes not ... any issues with this ?
anyone preferably from australia want to make a ps4 ark world with me .
i am fairly new to the game but i am not picky .
preferably if you were a teen that would be good but i 'm happy for anyone .
every third story on instagram is about how my friends are so happily in love with their so 's .
i 've been single for over 3 years now minus a relationship that lasted a few weeks .
i really really want to be in a relationship .
i want a life partner i want someone who understands and appreciates me i want a lifelong best friend .
and honestly i can hardly wait to have sex .
i think it 's way better to have sex with someone you 're committed to and nobody that i want to be with wants to even pursue me .
i 'm intelligent i 'm driven i 'm caring i 'm introspective i 'm funny and silly i 'm passionate i have strong morals .
your post has been removed for breaking rule 0 https www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules/rule0 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitness if you have any questions or concerns .
they supported and allowed it but that 's dan 's thing not espn
yep i got no qualms against him either every interaction i 've seen with or of him he 's been pretty chill .
looking for yellow pansies just the flowers not the plants or if not pansy tables
hi i 'm not very sure if i can survive in narnia .
i have no innate combat or magical abilities. i 'm dad .
is this the one that 's associated with kids help phone ?
something i love about being somali is the strong family bonds we share and how many of us are connected through clans/tribes .
but damn sometimes people love to take advantage of it lol .
it 's god 's punishment if it 's other people
also when its them its god 's punishment for other people 's sin .
seems as if evangelicals have found away to blame everyone else but themselves .
just that terf itself is a movement started out by radical feminist .
i do n't care if radfems came up pioneered the concept because we are n't talking about radfems and even if we were radfems are n't a monolith they believe a variety of things .
it is a slur it 's deliberately used as a derogatory against everyone .
see that 's my thing as well i 'm all for looking out for motorcyclist when they 're riding like normal .
but when they do this shit or i had one on time lane split doing 70 on the interstate and it made me so angry .
yeah that seems more like a language philosophical difference though .
std visit does n't force you to cover all cases either as far as i can tell .
i have the disc version i thought i might have better chance of finding good deals i 'm glad that i was right .
if you wan na be like that then its 100 because it happened and it 's not like there 's a separate reality where it didnt happen to assume 50 .
how do you get all those special silver cards ?
i 'm opening tons of silver packs and i ca n't find anything..
that 's a big chunk of commerce 's mission especially with the 2020 census data coming .
i 'll be cautiously hopeful that he 's really under consideration if he wants it but all these articles keep giving me possibly too high hopes
sounds like you 're on course for great alcoholic success and horrific physical and mental maladies .
i 'm amazed you 've not also been shitting the bed ?
at one point i had no trousers or under pants that i had n't fouled .
my family had to commission a cleaning company to take away and destroy almost all of my clothes and to fumigate my apartment .
i was consequently hospitalized for six weeks before a years rehab in thailand .
i really do n't think that the number one concern for handlers with bully breeds is housing issues .
they 're 100 legally protected and their needs for their service dog that mitigates their disability is the first priority .
if you follow your line of thinking anyone getting any service dog is forcing an issue with the public because they 're going to encounter access issues someplace along the way .
someone getting a bully breed is likely to be very aware of the issues they 'll face and if they decide it 's worth it that 's their choice and it 's a perfectly valid one .
they 're not trying to make some stand and forcing the issue and we do n't need to act like they 're doing something wrong or trying to start drama by getting a bully breed .
they 're making an informed choice about their treatment plan and it 's not up to us to judge them for that .
i feel sometimes that i could regress at any point and end up in the hospital again .
i was starting to head that direction this week until i spent some time with family .
if they 're coming from hyde park and going down 35s why not just exit 71 right from 35 ?
going further south to riverside and then having all the lights on riverside would make the trip longer .
i asked my friend what 's 2+2 and he answered 5 but i believe it 's 4 thus the value of 2+2 is completely subjective
so so we grinded it fine so it was easy to swallow .
m using a mobile actually so i do n't got you meant to say
not all creators have that cash to spend on uploading things every month .
if they did that i 'd just start bringing everything i 've made into a different game or engine like cvr or garry 's mod .
i 'm sorry do you wan na explain to me how cajun soul food is healthy now and not deliciously deep fried and fatty ?
ya know the native cuisine of the 4th fattest state in the fattest country in the world ?
i 'm not shitting on anybody that 's just what it seems like .
it dosnt look good and i would never use it but i want it
fitting that it 's reiner because this waiting is making me suffer
they did face off a couple times but other than 06 they mostly remain/ed amicable rivals do n't count because everyone be rivaling lol .
honestly there needs to be a united front mechanic as seen in china in both vanilla and kaiserreich which goes like for the sake of russia let us put aside our differences and fight as one .
lightning emotors has a presentation scheduled for the 8th .
i remember drawing this for my math homework and it looked like a penis.my teacher questioned me .
what makes you stand out the most in his design ?
i upvoted you can you upvote my last 2 posts please ?
and is responsible for our numbers and their poor response .
but op look at the rest of the world .
only a handful of countries handled covid well enough to the point they can have a christmas .
kenny is the worst thing to happen to alberta in a long time .
that 's what i thought happened but i ca n't seem to feel or find anything in there
we have one from a ploughing championships kilkenny/carlow mid 80s picture captures the exact moment my sister got bitten
best advice is to get an independent insurance agent to help you out .
they will answer all your questions make sure you have the right coverage and will find you the best rate for that coverage .
they literally do all the hard work for you and it wo n't cost you anything .
for example instead of having multiple characters that have the same exact ability jean and barbara for example they could think outside the box .
it could be as simple as jean using less stamina to glide .
there are n't many 5 stars to begin with and this game has a lot to offer for ideas .
there 's no reason for a 5 star to have the same exact ability/uses as a 4 star .
not sure if this would be useless to someone at the higher levels but sitting at level 23 right now a passive like this would be great .
there 's plenty idea to think of and there are n't a million 5 stars to make it difficult .
a room that had a toilet shower and a kitchen at the same time o.o
also ive heard about the reaper and im not particularly excited to fight it lmao
lmao at least authrights embrace the memes right centers are often dead serious and it scares me .
i 'm not trying to be the best i really do n't care about that it 's more curiosity .
i think maybe research is for me due to this reason .
oloko vc fez parecer que esse cara é a ponta do iceberg de um rede de estupradores e aliciadores de menor dentro não só da rede globo como internacionalmente
that 's what apologists are literally in the buisness of doing unfortunately .
reminds me of political pandering and often was and is a key part in the gears of the machine even now side-by-side .
some indigenous peoples and nk are a '' monkey wrench thrown in the works '' .
it 's kind of rediculous enough to be funny and pisses me off at the exact same time .
the trucks spawn at the bunker but that does n't matter because you can sell it using the menu
first it was jacking in the bathroom https www.reddit.com/r/justrolledintotheshop/comments/k39l5k/caught_someone_jacking_in_the_bathroom_at_work now it 's 'who 's is longer ? '
but then they wo n't be able to resell it for 49,000 later
walking back into a room where i told everyone bye walking by a person in a long hallway .
making a whole album about how you personally suck ?
you 'll find multiple of the souls but none to my knowledge have been quest related or interactive at all
the pandemic response team was an obama original and i do n't think i need to cite the laundry list of obama programs that trump shut down drone attacks a notable exception of course .
having such teams did n't seem to stop the virus in the countries that have fared worse .
you do understand the difference between containing a virus at its outbreak and preventing an existing global pandemic from sweeping a specific country ... right ?
and most species the young that are malformed will die very quickly
yeah it makes me feel weird up there but then i remember that i have the power to make them uncomfortable or make the speech funny .
my charlie died on the way to the emergency vet a month ago today .
i 've had cats all my life and lost many but this one was especially hard .
if you had known your apollo was going to die you would have done things differently .
cool would the last gen of amd chips seem the more ideal contender ?
great i 'll check in occasionally to see how far along you are with the mons if that 's ok with you ?
i like to keep in communication so i can be available
i am so sick of hearing zaxby 's ads .
they play on almost every youtube video i watch these days
i still remember when out of nowhere baby rosalina tour was announced and everyone was convinced it was the biggest troll move by nintendo .
unless they 've updated it the qi pad was super slow do n't think you 're really missing out on that one
i do n't have a multimeter and i do n't know where to get one
sadly enough it is n't like they screwed themselves if they ca n't sell them .
cuz they 'll just return all the consoles they did n't sell
biden will take same approach as obama and all intelligent thinkers in the world .
the majority of iranian educated middle class want their country to modernize and become economically strong .
obama knew this and therefore encouraged the iran deal in partnership with other nations a pact to avoid nuclear proliferation and encourage economic growth .
it 's the islamic revolutionary guard adhering to fanatical clerics who want to remove israel from the face of the earth .
the majority of iranian citizens cry for a lifestyle free from theocratic government .
i did a good amount of research and stuff over the years since vr started coming out ... ..im willing to try it .
but to try it i have to buy it .
got my pubes transplanted so i 'm good thickest beard ever .
i guess the name must have some magical anti-snow properties .
i hope your vancouver is as pretty as mine !
what would you say it 's worth in credits .
yeah stereo typical strap match with the classic beginning of heel getting all the heat before match begins
most probably would help if western nations would stop destabilizing eastern nations
i 'm sorry to say this but he does n't like you he likes having power over you .
but if it 's starting to look like you 're getting over him he starts messing with you again .
and then when you ask his intentions he goes quiet .
i hope you block delete and do n't speak to him again .
he is n't kind to you and everyone deserves to be treated kindly .
i do n't mind the suggestion but it would probably go over like a lead balloon .
the flu vaccine does n't require a deep freezer that costs 5 figures .
it also does n't require two shots at exactly three weeks apart .
cool we can have more george floyd 's and eric garners instead of tamir rice 's and philando castiles .
the police remain murderous even if they do n't resort to using their guns .
we already fund police far more than any of the social services that actually reduce crime it 's the primary budget item in every major city .
that funding needs to be taken and given to organizations and communities that will do something other than brutalize people with it .
lol dude it did n't make any sense at all .
i had to read through the comments to understand .
just acknowledge that you messed it up instead of being a bitch
no thanks if i get it i 'm probably just going to leave it in the extra slots and forget it was there also bc i do n't really like taking ocs from other people ... idk how to say this without sounding bad
drupal with commerce module and s3fs module that will move file storage off to amazon s3 .
you can put original high resolution images on s3 and keep displayed images local .
or put all images on s3 and actvate cdn for display images .
i have built several websites for photographers and video producers and scalable file storage is imperative .
image and video files are just too large for most website hosting solutions .
putting these files in the cloud makes sense and i use amazon or a cheaper compatible cloud depending on client 's traffic .
cameron grimes ' lower half is like the male version of toni storm .
contact was there it was up to the ref to call tbh .
the play was nulled because of an earlier offsides though even though i also doubt that offsides .
everyone just shutting me down for having a different opinion is totally uncalled for .
i can see why people might take my point of view like that though that 's why i edited my first comment for context .
anyways i did n't mean to write a book but i hope anyone reading these comments read the whole thread because it 's really not as black and white as some people may think .
the skeletons behind whitesprings are n't likely the remains of the enclave but rather the previous guests who when told by all of the heavily armed murderbots that they had to leave due to the planned renovations essentially responded with what are they going to do kick us out ? ''
do n't get the diving reference at all i would say casual eating or licking
that 's such a terrible time for that to happen in your life .
when i was that age i was just cruising through college and going home to relax and play games and work .
i could n't imagine going through that in some of your most formative years .
i 'm so sorry you were apart of that when you should have been finding yourself and not being held down by an abuser like that .
it 's good to hear this guy understands your needs a lot and only seems to want the best for you i wish the best in your healing journey !
or by trying to undermine the charter rights of women queer people heathens ... .
oh so that 's why i got a magpul hunter 700 stock for 100 last week huh
also keeps the planes flying which is less costly for the airlines than putting them in storage .
the feeling of knowing that you 're wrong registers as pain in your brain so i can understand your reaction .
when it happens i urge you to sit with that feeling and accept it .
it 's admirable to accept that we can be wrong and then to change our minds .
from what i 've learned and experienced receiving support is so much more helpful then people trying to solve your problems .
it makes you feel like you are being critiqued on everything you are doing .
i know it sounds cliche but my go to is
i may not understand completely what you are going through but i will try my best to love and support you the best i can .
you can add or take away anything from that and put it in your own words .
having someone by your side means a lot during trying times .
which is insane i work for the fed gov executive pay is capped at 219k that 's for people like the attorney general the chairperson of the fcc etc .
it 's insane to me that local governments are paying their people more .
as a non executive employee i am capped at 166k if i filed for overtime the way the mta guys did i 'd be thrown in jail for working too much and incurring a debt to the government .
i cleared my drivers with ddu then reinstalled them and it fixed it for me
i found this phylogeny here https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fa/the_ancestors_tale_mammals_phylogenetic_tree_in_mya.png and it looks to be closely related to a horse .
no you did not just ask a question in the comments you 've literally been dragging the victims name in the mud over the murderers prosthetics .
also i do n't care about your thoughts on whether he 's innocent or guilty .
oui je sais mais du coup c'est pas gratuit tu le payes avec tes impôts donc on revient à la même chose une activité n'est gratuite que si elle est financée par les membres de sa communauté
by huge difference '' you mean the led lights are actually functional unlike the oem lights ?
i like genesis extinction and crystal isles most but alot of people like ragnarok because it 's got ez desert loot and alot of fun pvp stuff
ur talking about resources information.. i dont really see why ud get motivated by anything else than 2 and 3
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains r/nsfw/wiki/hosts or it is not a direct image link .
please read the link on proper way to post .
please note that albums are not allowed to be posted by new accounts .
also note that new users using imgur need to link directly to the image i.imgur.com/abcdefg.gifv not the html page imgur.com/abcdefg .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redheads if you have any questions or concerns .
i have a right to own and use a firearm .
i do n't have a right to fire it towards your house .
i would bud its not healthy ton continually try to fix things when she does n't meet halfway .
she literally spammed over a pallet to get my attention and tea bagged during the game .
i have n't seen that undefined '' bug but maybe you want to post this in r/metamask .
there 's more people over there that could help you with metamask issues .
hibbs is really proving himself to be the standout player player to watch on this roster and tbf to scrub and breezi they are no slouches either .
i was called black many times as an insult in high school .
not every kid has a great imagination when it comes to insulting people .
you are choosing to not understand that 's a choice you 're allowed to make .
say hello to my future costume designer on my feature length film
well it 's a pre release dev build that is gon na be buggy as hell .
speaking of which i 've seen some cyberpunk bugs and holy cow are they bad .
the concept is not explicitly only charity and theres nothing wrong on following rules .
if i have to apologize for my wrong doings and forgive others is a work that jesus gave when giving the our father prayer as example .
cjarity does count but the gospel works are not reduced to that
however your submission was removed for the following reason s
a post must be or contain a qualifying data visualization r/dataisbeautiful/wiki/rules/rule1 .
for information regarding this and similar issues please see the dataisbeautiful posting rules https www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/wiki/index .
if you have any questions please feel free to message the moderators. https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/dataisbeautiful subject=question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20submission 20by 20/u/hanta_seros_bitch message=i 20have 20a 20question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20 submission .
please stop or you are going to make me chuckle while reading about this tragedy .
the power of the state is almost always most effectively delivered at the end of a pen and not at the end of the barrel of a gun .
btw the gun argument i 'm making is not one of disarmament of the people but one of unwarranted gun-worship in the same way the decrying of taxation is idolized in this sub .
it 's kind of still pre-raid bis for a lot of people too .
awesome yeah i think that might be my hangup .
knowing its permanent makes me feel like im giving something valuable up for somw reason .
i like this kind of ending it seems more real to me .
the balancing act is that the reader should n't feel like they wasted their time .
as long as they get something out of the journey it does n't matter how it ends .
he looks like he 's ready to fuck some shit up .
i 'm not sure how to explain this to people straight men are always going to want to fuck women and that includes sexualizing them even in situations that are n't remotely sexual .
been this way since our inception and no amount of being woke will change it frankly .
especially if the man or woman is very conventionally attractive .
but i mean i agree giving a woman you 'll never meet money or gifts because she showed her titties on onlyfans and actually said hi to you is sad also it 's ruining the nsfw subreddits with spam .
i usually have one leg over the other but a few of my friends think it 's gay to sit that way .
you have a point there with it being a testament to luffy 's will and tenacity
dam hope you get another one even if it 's not a rs1.0 those r.s1.0 with the trd kits are so valued and rightfully so .
i got on gog today paid with paypal downloaded galaxy and it was there when i logged in
lol no it 's more that i already have so much herman miller stuff that i prefer to look for earlier producers if possible .
i do n't want to come off as a herman miller fan boy
here is what works for me on my 5700xt .
20.4.2 has 100 fps on tangled shore the new drivers 50 .
so the best solution for now is to go through whql drivers and try each of them out .
will take soem time but atleast it will be worth it at the end
you ask the switch what the optic says rx power level is .
2nd day in a row in the 50 's so that was some persistent snow .
what is the point of their being any snow if there 's no moonlight to reflect off it ?
i have to set a timer or count out loud when i 'm at a traffic light because it feels like 10 minutes
quick get your pitchforks redditors op 's dm deserves a short drop and a quick stop .
we wo n't stop persecuting and hating this complete stranger we do n't know !
you are so right my fellow mob member lets rage
they should stop expanding their borders and accept the displaced natives into society .
never traded them and do have the hp collection in 4k .
what i mean which i think i got idea by making a fusions team but also do n't know to how to spent on banner and also maybe super gogeta zenkai banner as well if how much it takes to give him stars with missions and 2k cc missions to unlock if it worth it because it sound great youngot him to z7
here are a few tips to minimize your risks when trading in sw/sh and lgpe
if you receive an offer by pm or reddit chat message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fpokemontrades and redirect the other user to post publicly on the subreddit .
pm dm and chat trading is prohibited by rule 4 https wk.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules wiki_rule_4_-_do_not_discuss_trades_privately .
since another random player can coincidentally use the same trade code that you and your trading partner are using it is important that you double check that you have paired with with the correct trader .
full details https wk.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules must be posted when offering any shiny and/or event pokémon .
you must have been granted poké ball https i.imgur.com/xgahexa.png level flair or higher 10 or more approved trades on flairhq to make trades involving shiny or event pokémon .
in addition once you 're done trading in this thread you can mark your thread as closed by commenting close as a top-level reply to your post to update the flair and let others know you 're not looking for further trades .
this is completely optional and you do n't have to do it if you 'd like others to continue to offer trades in this thread !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
lets hope per can convince hertha berlin to sign xhaka in next summer window .
i looked at places in the market that we 're affected by a lack of people for example beer companies due to sporting events not happening and have a current roi of about 35 now that things have started to come back a little .
probably more when things get back in full swing .
it 's live until the 18th unless they pulled it early
this dude being hot in both genders while i still suck at one smh
origami king i have criticisms but it was fun and that 's what gaming 's really about
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funsized if you have any questions or concerns .
hi what advantage does this have over the stock top panel ?
i know everyone is liking hades atm and greg is the good guy here but he is specifically thanking epic game store pkayers .
maybe until we figure out a cure for facebook brain we stop posting satirical news articles .
sure sucks for the rest of us but there 's about 70 million people that do n't get the joke .
breakfast lunch and supper are all different aspects of the same meal .
these days you only drink premium quality tea with your bourbon biscuits on laggy zooms
i understand this the mainstream audience and subsequent twitter mob wo n't .
nta and i 'd like to add the shower beers are a normal glorious part of life .
please have one for me as i can no longer drink beer .
are you saying that personally attacking someone 's life/reputation just because you disagree is the moral thing to do ?
i know you have racism/sexism/etc in your head but what if it 's something else ?
like the woman who had her life destroyed because she gave trump 's motorcade the finger .
you think you are the pinnacle of all human knowledge .
you are the most 'good ' person who ever lived ?
to support cancel culture is to start with the premise that you are better/more good than anyone alive or that has ever lived .
i wo n't apologize because my morals are built on the idea that i 'm a flawed fuck just like everyone else .
im sorry i have a business to run im so sorry i hurt your feeling by not replying right away you fucking snowflake
yeah sorry i thought put a mask on your face so you do n't spit on people '' was relatively straight forward but i did n't expect people would bend over backwards to find reasons not to do it to that extent .
if we ca n't do something so fucking simple as a society it makes me very hopeless at tackling more complicated problems like climate change .
i think it is a slap in the face for a lot of us .
i had two bullies in grade 3 and basically the first two scenarios.. the one girls mother was divorced with dad not in the picture worked full time and was absolutely horrified to find out what her daughter had been doing .
the other kid 's mother basically told my mom that it was n't her fault that she taught her kid to be 'tough ' and that my mom raised a wimp .
i dunno i do n't read much but all the batman movies i 've seen i do n't think the jokers won .
i mean ir is far better than any if the prospects of this post
she was used as a bait dog and had a pretty awful life before i adopted her .
we instantly bonded and in a short time she became my emotional support animal .
i have really severe rheumatoid arthritis and my spine is collapsing so sleeping was always a problem when i 'd finally fall asleep i 'd wake up in a lot of pain from laying in the same position for too long .
i guess she noticed i was uncomfortable because after having her for a few months she began waking me up during the night and nudging me until i rolled over .
now i rarely wake up with a lot of pain and it 's improved my quality of life overall .
well yes we are in the middle of a pandemic
sales dont really reflect how good the game is .
it is definitely an underwhelming release in the series not really any decent post-game without paying an extra 20 dollars poor performance on the console and generally just kind of an empty experience not to mention all of the dexit shit on top of that and not just a small minority of the internet agrees on that .
first pokemon game in the series that i 've played to elite four and dropped probably wont buy the next one .
they keep editing the apology post i do n't think even they know what to say at this point
i 'm also surprised you do n't run stolen strategy or etali
unfortunately that can be a bit of an obstacle for new pvpers .
in any case if a build from a guide is n't working for you there 's a good chance that build was n't very good anyway .
me m21 and my fwb f24 just completed full month having sex every single day the most we 've ever done .
we 'd throw a dice to decide where to do it bedroom bathroom my car the park her office building staircase cinema too .
thank goodness we did n't get the cinema '' often though that would have been hell of expensive 😂
these experts '' were slow and flat-footed and should have acted with more decisiveness at the time .
i do n't forget as easily as most of you do .
i just hope i can play the game at 60fps with a gtx 1080 and 1700 d
if it 's 50lbs it 's going to be substantially higher than 90 .
more like 220 as quoted with commercial pricing on pirateship .
ups might be a bit less expensive if you have a commercial account like me 181 otherwise it 'll be 600 for retail .
ups might charge differently depending on where in the country you might be i would n't know .
i 'm not going to decipher their rate chart .
for regular usps priority mail international they charge a rate based only on dead weight .
use as big of a box as you want up to the maximum 108 '' girth .
do n't worry about where in the country the package starts or stops or the volume of the box .
see this price chart here uk is price group 11 maximum 66lbs https pe.usps.com/text/dmm300/notice123.htm c381
however you decide to ship it please make sure you fill out the customs form properly .
i 've heard of too many horror stories of people paying 200 in customs fees to receive a free gift .
well maybe they just shut make the public transport better but there are too many problems intertwined to fix this .
i listen to it as someone who generally disagrees with everything they 're saying .
someone up the thread spoke about their wish to not know about breitbart infowars etc .
i want to know everything about them so that i 'm aware of how they function .
know your enemy i despise journalists that make emotional appeals with no regard for objective truth
he is r o c k i think e g g p l a n t is acceptable but r o c k is better .
holy fuck it 's illegal to be sterilized and abortion is illegal ?
somebody help me book a flight to pol so i can help riot .
the word unconstitutional '' has kind of lost all meaning at this point
it will be plugged in once and rarely ever touched after that .
with a superficial world '' which sounds kinda worrying .
i 'm in financial reporting so quarter and year-ends balloon to more like 8-7 for a few weeks during crunch times and the tradeoff is that it 's amazing working hours outside that .
most weeks outside of quarters i maybe sit in front of a laptop 30-35 hours a week .
obviously when stuff comes up you 're expected to get it done but i 've been a big fan of the set up .
i was having the same exact problem with my xbsx .
games and apps would instantly shut the system down once i tried loading them and kept the controller connected .
they sent me a label i shipped it in .
a week or so later i got a new xbsx and it works flawlessly .
if you do this make sure to keep your controller and cables .
they want just the console no accessories with it .
and find a different box to ship it in if possible too .
they 'll keep your original xbsx packaging if you send it in that
we make homemade ice cream in a variety of flavors offered at our 1850 's scoop shop as well as grocery stores and boutique shops around rockford illinois .
we started our website to streamline our curbside operation and it 's been quite successful .
i love how he has absolutely no expression throughout any of this .
i 'm not very well versed on italian fascism but from what i understand yes strasserists are more typical fascists .
even by fascist standards people thought hitler was a lunatic and a fanatic mussolini and d'annunzio were not fond of hitler .
i too am center left leaning authleft these days tho
hey i am so sorry it must be really hard for you .
allow yourself to grieve and do n't listen to anyone who tells you that you 've to be strong it 's okay to be weak .
you are going to be okay everything is going to be okay .
no one deserves to go through a loss of loved one but that 's the cruel truth of our existence please feel free to pm me if you want i am 19 and have gone through a loss of my to be very sweet mother-in-law who was no less to me than a mother .
it sucks but you 'll be okay take care and stay safe bud ! ✿ ♡
is it not possible to predownload it through gog without gog galaxy ?
i do n't want to have another launcher installed and i already preordered .
strain it ... if that gives youthe willies ... do n't look into all the stuff that falls into those distillery vats😳😳😳
they do n't know it but my work is very very generous .
they 're about to pay me to play with legos for the next 30 minutes or so .
with saitamas current feats it is he gets oneshotted but sure the possibility is always there its just near non-existent .
might as well change the name of this sub to r/justinjefferson
idk as a transgender person this info is interesting .
if the world cdpr depicts is still one where we have more representation in porn than we do in business or politics then it could say some interesting things about how discrimination will still exist in the future whether they intended it or not .
though i am curious as to what she means about no way to play as an authentically trans character yourself when we 're able to mix and match whatever genitals/body type/voice we want .
this is the first rpg where i can actually create a character with a body that resembles mine .
so if i 'm playing as chick with a dick how is that not authentically trans ?
i guess i 'll have to play to find out .
looking like it at best the pick will be around 23-24 .
ideally we get the te there or a lineman drops to us .
well also have two decent second round picks to move up somewhere in the first round if we need it
does the uncle die the kid die or the lady holding the camera die inside ?
humanity will be destroyed by your one and only covid-21 !
it 's really disturbing to me that when i read the word 'leto ' in this thread the first thing that came to mind was jared not one of the atreides .
i 've been leveling a character aether the datacentre that claims to have the highest competence '' but i continue to find great numbers of people who should know better but do n't .
i get this message 10-15 times each weekend league even when i lose it 's annoying .
i have an unbelievable team but the only player who is n't first owner is if cr7 .
people just need to realize pack luck and trading is a thing .
that 's a great way to get your ip stolen .
i was a chef for 9 years and now write code for a living .
i almost never cooked on my days off but i do code in my off time .
i love to cook more than i like to code .
getting stuck/frustrated while coding is nothing like having your servers freaking out because the guy who ordered the well-done filet is being an impatient asshole as he apparently has n't made the connection that a well-done takes longer than a rare .
so you get on your grill cooks ' case about why he did n't just butterfly the damn thing mark it throw it in the oven .
meanwhile sautee is getting slammed working small miracles but slowly getting deeper into the weeds as your ticket times start to creep up .
the printer has n't stopped printing for the last hour your rail is completely full of tickets and the tickets you have n't even pulled yet are now extending to the floor .
the 15-top that was a half hour late is in a big hurry which is somehow now your problem throwing your timing for everything else off .
and hey here comes the manager who thiniks they know anything about running a kitchen asking where the well-done filet is because that asshole is getting real snippy about their steak taking more than 5 minutes .
on top of that your salad guy just cut himself pretty bad frantically trying to prep sell tickets at the same time because he did n't get his mise done before the rush .
so you grab your nighttime prep/dish crew to start making salads .
they 're doing their best but they do n't have the menu down to muscle-memory so it 's slow going and you 're just praying to whatever gods may exist that you get through this shift without anything else going horribly wrong but of course it will .
it 's like that just about every single day .
it 's a gerund not a preposition but i ca n't explain why it is n't excluded '' beyond it sounds wrong/like you 're trying to say all personnel excluded the ceo from the party because they did n't like her ''
and the national park system that republicans want to sell to oil companies .
the only analyst to have taken this in and commented about his improved form is gary neville lol
i 'm not spending all my fucking asis getting 2 in strength
ive seen a pic of hers and she looks alot like madonna .
and yes before i get flammed i had the cooler on an fx4350 i got the cooler for 10 bucks so i decided to use it .
my 2700x is on the way and i am exited
you 're never the asshole for standing up for your girlfriend .
is n't it normal to actively make the game worse to support monetization ?
i would probably give that title to mirco mueller for a 2nd rounder .
the grabner trade was bad but it was also a deadline deal ... i kind of expect there to be overpayments .
play styles were similar which is to give the beast the arrow .
i think dream 's performance was considered the most dominant out of all .
subjectively it 's not about his ace or very high percentage accuracy but it is about how quick he shoots those shots .
for example in the first round normally you would take your time in order to get a higher accuracy but after he shot his first shot he immediately shot the second one and hit it .
at that time i knew immediately bbc is fucked .
not only is his accuracy really great but his dodging skills is way above the others .
if you 've watched hbomb 's and shubble 's perspective dream 's movement is so unpredictable that hbomb was so indecisive on whether to shoot him or not .
i was like how can you possibly hit that ?
for techno 's mcc 7 it is more of what the context of the situation .
dodgebolt wise dream 's team is more accurate with the exception of karl .
techno had to step up in order to push it to 5 games .
it was not that his teammates are bad but considering that they were missing more in comparison to george it was a harder dodgebolt battle .
this is day 4 of calorie counting for me .
i 've done well the first three days and have noticed i 've been a lot more intentional with my eating .
i went to the gym this morning and did a sh'bam class .
this gave me lots of extra food budget i could eat .
i have eaten less than this higher budget and am feeling really tired .
i think i need something extra to eat to bring up my energy levels but am too tired to think of anything .
any suggestions for a nice filling snack at around 1277 kilojoules 305 cal ?
but for people who only play wz it is probably incredibly rare .
my covid test results have all been given over the phone .
not had an sti test this year but i can not imagine they need to bring you in to tell you all clear '' .
count with a group by date gives you the count for every date .
from there sub-select the max from that while group by the year-and-month .
i 'm not going to write this out for you because it is n't all that hard and it 's really important stuff .
it 's not that hard and it has massive amounts of utility .
everything you need to search for is in this comment .
oh wow i 've been looking at all the leaked stuff and have n't seen that yet looks really good .
it 's hard to accept the fact that people even look at a brownie and think hey that looks edible
es gibt leitungswasser ist eh das gesündeste und billigste was du trinken kannst
me you do n't like apples because you like oranges .
plenty of men are open to dating a virgin but are definitely not willing to wait more than a specific timeframe.
if they 're not willing to wait more than a specific time-frame then they can walk .
no man or woman in a relationship is entitled to put out for sex or wait for sex longer than they want .
if you say that men should wait for sex if a woman wants to and he does n't want to a counter can be made that women should have sex with a man if she 's in a relationship with him and he wants to .
it 's all about with both individuals agree to in a relationship .
if either does n't get their needs or wants to be met they 're both free to walk away .
no one side should be forced or belittled for their wants or opinions .
if you 're a virgin who is with a man that does n't want you to wait to put out why are you still with him if he 's not respecting your boundaries ?
if i had a girlfriend who did n't want to have sex because she 's a virgin she would n't be my girlfriend because that 's just not what i 'm into .
on the note of me projecting '' it 's not a straw man question .
plenty of men are open to dating a virgin but are definitely not willing to wait more than a specific timeframe.
what is this statement if not a projection of your experience of plenty of men ?
i will be messaging you in 7 hours on 2020-12-06 15:35:08 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2020-12-06 2015:35:08 20utc 20to 20local 20time to remind you of this link https np.reddit.com/r/genshin_impact/comments/k7k6hm/in_the_clear_pool_and_mountain_cavern_domain/gest9in ? context=3
click this link https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message 5bhttps 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fr 2fgenshin_impact 2fcomments 2fk7k6hm 2fin_the_clear_pool_and_mountain_cavern_domain 2fgest9in 2f 5d 0a 0aremindme 21 202020-12-06 2015 3a35 3a08 20utc to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
there is a considerable amount of people greek and non-greek alike who are named after the theoi .
so no it 's not offensive unless you 're being intentionally hubristic .
i hatched about 70k eggs so far from the event eggs and only gotten like 1 demonic peppermint and 1 twinsnowballs
iyer has way too many female fans in india .
please have a look at our welcome and faq page https www.reddit.com/r/tattooremoval/comments/h7al2w/start_here_welcome_and_faq as well as our other pinned threads https www.reddit.com/r/tattooremoval/comments/dzltul/nonlaser_tattoo_removal_should_be_avoided_heres at the top of the sub .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tattooremoval if you have any questions or concerns .
sexy af but i think she would look better with me inside her !
i now have to find that coloured version at a decent price ... . it looks freaking awesome .
but there is one person that kept his confidence .
while you may have no confidence that man did .
while you had no light he was the light .
is it not your lord your god that gives you strength ?
is he not described as the rock that is strong and never moves ?
so i truly tell you it is your god who will give you confidence .
so yes throw away your confidence so that it may be replaced with that man 's confidence .
put your selfishness and all worries on him and he will give you love .
you know that he is the way the truth and the life .
do n't pray for your confidence pray for god 's confidence .
and at all times believe and it shall be given to you .
my post is not to motivate any one to pay or avoid taxes its just for information how amazon paid zero taxes .
and if your talking about motivation that wont be needed as our people are already very intelligent in any any matter .
bro i wouldnt be callin other people retarded.. one quick look at your profile shows you cant stop eating boogers at the age of 35 😂😂😂😂
at the bottom of the biggest underwater cave in the world diving deeper than almost anyone had ever gone dave shaw found the body of a young man who had disappeared ten years earlier .
what happened after shaw promised to go back is nearly unbelievable—unless you believe in ghosts . ''
people have been suspended/interrogated by deps for posting the vids online .
one of my friends were forced to sign a confession after the nssr was busted by people
empirically there are absolutely short term but long term enough to really screw up someone 's life without a robust social safety net negative effects of trade liberalization on some workers but the number of affected import-competing workers is way overstated and not even close to generalizable to american workers who i might add also reap the real-income benefits of trade via lower prices .
this is known as a kaldor-hicks improvement where some parties are indeed worse off but the vast majority is made so much better of that the net effect is still strongly positive meaning that it should be possible to compensate the losers eg through tax funded social safety programs and still come out very much positive .
and finally i would call attention to the highly problematic assertion that it 's wrong to have to compete with foreign workers .
the global poor are as important as the domestic poor in the end .
finally though i sort of agree but come to a wildly different conclusion .
but we also need ceteris paribus incredibly aggressive movement liberalization and opening of borders .
just like trade the threat of an influx of non-native workers affecting the incomes of native workers is largely a myth as those migrants are consumers as well immigration is an exogenous shock to both supply and demand .
there 's about 30 years of really robust literature on this by folks like david card and giovanni peri with push back from george borjas which was good in that it improved the initial analysis but his rebuttals have been far weaker and do not enjoy much consensus for the last decade or so .
they generally find that the wage effect on native workers of same-skill immigration is negligible and perhaps weakly positive .
in other words trade liberalization is good for the poor but does highlight a need for social safety nets to minimize the suffering of those import competing workers most effected .
movement liberalization is also unambiguously positive from an economic standpoint .
i think it 's cuz they assume you 'll sit on drone all game but play whoever you want
emmitt smith way overhyped compared to mario lopez joey lawrence monique coleman willa ford and vivica a .
donny osmond won the second he was announced and was generally an underwhelming dancer compared to mya joanna and aaron even though i dislike him as well .
hines ward the judges ' constant hype about him all season i 'll never understand he did very very very little actual dancing while kym did all the showy stuff around him .
chelsea kane was the best dancer of that unmemorable season but she suffered from lack of fanbase and mark 's disdain for rules and structure .
it 's such a bummer because kym is one of my favorites but her two wins are some of my least-favorites .
those are the wins that confuse and bum me out the most .
i can at least understand and be content with hélio brooke donald kellie and nyle they were good competitors/dancers and also delivered in the finale when the frontrunners and their main competition faltered/underwhelmed .
mel b 's freestyle was a flop lance was hindered by lacey 's too cool for school approach to latin/ballroom choreography katherine 's freestyle was wonderful but expected compared to donald 's surprising and showstopping freestyle kellie 's freestyle brought an emotional impact while zendaya 's was haphazard and nyle 's surprising dance ability/emotional freestyle had a wow factor that paige just could n't overcome .
share your cakeday and have a chat on the cakeday discord https discord.gg/wzs5mdy .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cakeday if you have any questions or concerns .
i always wondered how hitler managed to get a nation to follow him and back him after seeing trump its not hard people are weak and sheep and will believe any old bullshit despite the evidence
unfortunately we need to remove your submission because it may be a letter to a large group the subreddit or the universe based on language in your title .
if you believe that your letter is not to a large group or the subreddit and should be approved you can ask for a second opinion by sending the moderators a mail here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/unsentletters .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unsentletters if you have any questions or concerns .
my cats been missing for 3 months and i bet if i even tried to hug my cat it would be like
bish wtf you doing get the fuck off me smack smack bitch .
well healthcare was n't as good back then as it is now for instance there was no such thing as a paramedic at the time if she hit or head or landed head/face first she would 've almost certainly have died perhaps not straight away but within a day or two for sure lots of people die from much shorter lengths slipping in the shower or falling on a skink/table if she landed on her legs she probably would n't be able to fly again .
i really do n't understand these old timers and their affinity with heights like those construction workers who sat on skyscraper scaffolding eating their lunch like it was nothing or those gymnastics guys who did stunts jumping from one plane to another i think religion was the reason it 's easier to do something stupid when you think that if all else fails at least you 'd respawn on a bearded man 's cloud land in another dimension .
i 'm from india and i never thought i 'd end up writing essays for college but here i am .
even though i only started a few months back i watched 100s of youtube videos on essay that got people into top colleges .
i think my essays are good not only me everyone who 's read has said it so it must be good i think¿ ?
i pretty much dedicate all of it to the youtubers .
as i said they put a lot of effort and money into marketing especially around hiphop which is the best way to sell to the kids these days
i got quite a lot from ar 40-44 but since turning 45 i think i 've had a gold artifact drop ... . once ?
funny thing is you 'd still have those '' gi youtubers hyping him up as the next best thing since slice bread and their fanbase eating it up .
he 's perfectly fine at c0 for f2p you're just not building him right '' .
saw a youtuber do abyss 12 floor 3 and tried to claim his c6 zhongli helped him clear the floor even though his c6 dliuc with wolf 's greastsword did 99 of the work chongyun and geo mc did the other 1 of work .
zhongli might as well been a free slot or a noele with less investment would have done the same job but better .
oh i agree with the idea i think it sound be handled either via a voice call or by text .
it really is a great idea it 's just the human element that adds for more trouble than it 's worth .
there are so many more problems with the quranist view
there are so many more problems with hadith ... 🤥
anyone who has seriously studied islamic history will see how much new things got introduced into islam .
mainly in the form of the prophet 's narrations .
but i have one more thing i need help with when i try to animate the gun i want the hand to pull out the magazine but for some reason when i do that the magazine gets detached from the gun .
i want it to be detached after i put the hand rig on the magazine but it detatches the magazine form the gun for the entire animation i 'm sorry for the inconvenience but i saw you were an experienced animator .
if someone ca n't tell the difference between a summer islander and a westerosi ground elf that 's another species they 're beyond help .
your comment has been automatically removed for a likely rule 7 https www.reddit.com/r/askvet/about/rules violation diagnosis guessing .
if you believe this action was in error please message the mods .
flaired veterinary professionals are exempt from automatic moderation so if you are a veterinary professional please consider applying for flair https old.reddit.com/r/askvet/wiki/flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askvet if you have any questions or concerns .
but he supporting a party that ban abortion and birth control .
he 's not being responsible he 's just being selfish .
i hope they bump up the resolution in next year 's s series .
i love the one on my s20 it 's such a nice upgrade compared to the 8mp one on my oppo reno 10x zoom .
maybe next year samsung can add 48mp to both the wide and ultra wide sensors on the vanilla and plus s series models while they can keep the 108mp as a differentiation on the ultra s series .
anyway excited to see what samsung launches this january .
why ca n't alex carey replace d'arcy short at the top ?
not sure if i 'd describe it as least deserving he was definitely dpoy-*caliber that year but kawhi winning it over draymond in 2015 was total bullshit .
thank you for posting in the pokemon go global trades community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/spoofertrades if you have any questions or concerns .
i remember reading in his book that the pay definitely was n't too bad i 'm guessing that must 've certainly helped .
and if i 'm not mistaken he was told to shift there by his employers so yes must 've got free housing from the employer .
play red dead redemption 2 and do the treasure hunts .
all you get is a drawing of a landmark you have to figure out the rest .
it 's the purest exploration experience you 'll find .
this happened to me at the beginning of this season
i was so confident to take frog and blue at the same time as fiddlesticks because on the previous season they have negative mr
i watched these videos sometime between 2012 and 2014 and they were part of the reason i eventually got into it !
i 've searched everywhere for them with no luck .
i 'm pretty sure they were on youtube and i may have even discovered them through reddit originally .
not sure if this has been requested before but the keep 's arcane keep void keep force keep spirit keep and magic keep should count towards the events .
maybe just a couple of points based on the tier of potion you get but seems like a waste of energy to farm them for the most part .
please feel free to use my yesstyle influencer code warren1 2020xmas at checkout for up to 17 off on everything you order 🎁🎁
until today i had n't thought of my fridge and freezer as spaces that needed to be decluttered .
the same mind and thoughts that created clutter in other spaces in my home and responsible for the clutter and waste in my fridge .
i 'd guess i waste more money buying food that goes bad before i use it than any other one thing in my house and it bothers me .
although i do eat meat and feed my dog a raw diet wasting meat that came from an animal giving up its life bothers me the most .
so you 'd think logically i 'd focus on using that up first right ?
once in the fridge it all becomes food '' and it 's all equal .
i could pack the things i buy usually on sale up in portions then pop into the fridge to defrost .
i got as far as buying two sizes of freezer bags but guess what ?
i found this video on the topic from the minimalist mom https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=xt7ebjk6n5e .
my fridge and freezer is almost exactly like hers .
smaller than normal size but she has a family and i only have my dog and me .
yes the main problems are veggies out of sight out of mind and most do n't have a long shelf life .
crispers are a good idea in theory but unless i do n't put anything on the bottom glass shelf the crispers are out of sight out of mind and veggies are going to continue to go bad .
like her i did buy a few fridge/freezer containers to help define the spaces .
maybe i need a few more specifically ones that help keep produce lasting longer and use the two crisper drawers for things that last longer .
do you struggle with clutter and wasting food in your freezer and fridge too ?
danny needs to do a bit where he meets up with an actual pedophile and fucks with him .
i 've played for over 40 hours now and have finally cleared watson of all the side quests .
got legendary monowire double jump cyberware legendary cyberdeck some legendary blazer with 4 mod slots and 100k eddies .
i think i 'm finally ready to start the heist and get out of act 1 hahahaha .
i wonder how overpowered i 'm going to be for the heist .
anyone else notice your titty on your dominate side being more swollen/swollen longer or just me ?
i was so close d if only i had a better aga 2 fight i could 've just scraped a sub 2 .
! boots were vanilla green pendant was in mire desert is boot locked and fire rod was on mire boss which barred me from skull woods clear .
this is open world normal seed i just did for some casual fun .
i 've had some sub 2 's before but this one felt especially troll and i would 've been super psyched had i gotten just below the two hour mark .
moondefi is for everyone it is governed by all .
moon holders have the ownership of the moondefi governance the moon community treasury the protocol fee switch moondefi.eth ens name .
so i 'm torn between two options for graduate school .
that being so i 'm planning to apply to 6 total schools 3 for the first option and 3 for the second .
now all of those schools require 2-3 letters of recommendation .
is it common to ask a professor to submit a letter of recommendation to 6 different schools or should i be asking like 12-18 people for letters cuz that just sounds ridiculous .
i am looking to get a new iphone and am interested in using my apple card for the 24 month 0 interest but i do not want to have to spend 24 months paying it off .
if i wanted to pay it off in 6 months instead would that be possible ?
do they sell a rear io shield for the 8930 motherboard ?
i guess i should start off by telling you about myself .
i would say i 'm pretty good and literate with roleplaying
i am absolutely limitless and am open to everything .
if there is something that may be a limit or something i 'm not comfortable doing i 'll let you know .
my favorite kinks are cumplay extreme bdsm hardcore beatings incest dom/sub futa latex humiliation gore and so much more !
please send me your asl kinks and limits when you kik me .
if you would like me to address you a specific way as well please command me .
i am 18 and all participants and character must be 18
i plan to trade my holdings that i have in btc with usd .
i tried to understand the legality of this but could n't come to a conclusion .
is it legal to convert my holdings to usd ?
if it 's legal is there any legal limits .
a few online sources quote 2000 but this was under gifts section .
is there a time period for which i can hold usd without getting into any trouble ?
do i need to pay any tax while doing this transaction ?
i am just starting off and am unsure of the legality of these processes .
this is the 110598th time i made this shitty comment .
does anyone feel any similarities between high doses of nutmeg and low-medium doses of dxm minus the drowsiness ?
i have a series x and am looking to buy madden but am not sure of the difference between the editions .
the one/series x s version is 30 at walmart and the next level edition is 60 .
is there ultimately a difference between the optimized edition and the next level ?
like the title says i 'm trying to find full led headlights since i love the look of the 6/7 series .
are there any options available or should i try to fabricate my own ?
it 's my last week with a nf that i have not been super enthusiastic about .
i am very underpaid and they expect me to teach preschool .
the children are extremely spoiled and rude and constantly come at me with i 'm bored this is boring there 's nothing fun and it 's exhausting and awful .
i have tried my best to not let this reflect in my work .
today they hired my replacement and i was trying to ask questions to get them excited and ease the transition bc the younger kid is really upset .
and older boy goes yeah our parents told us that she 's gon na do whatever we want unlike you you just want to sit in front of the heater which is ridiculously rude .
and in response to the heater comment they do n't heat their house !
i try to correct their behavior and be impartial but it 's clearly enforced during the hours im not there .
ughhh i cant wait to leave these bratty children .
i 'm literally counting down the days which is really sad .
the other family i work with yes i have two jobs bc aforementioned family does n't pay me enough i am really sad about leaving and the kids are so sweet and funny .
i like tc2 so much i made joseph fitten in rec room as my avatar .
can someone give me an active/working link from where i can download aircrash investigation/mayday episodes.. please
i forgot the name of the mod and i want to use it agaun .
kerbals have a time that they need before going back out on missions that depends on the time they spent in their last mission .
after yesterday 's number theory nightmare today was right up my street .
what if you add someone in this sub who has n't played in a month ? ?
or is it just people in your friends list who have n't come online since more than a month ?
i 'm talking about those who you can do the challenge with
i have crucial p2 500gb m.2 and i been facing this problem for 2 weeks sometimes when i boot my pc it shows up and sometimes it does n't i installed it 100 correct i think it something in the bios but idk what is it i did n't change anything in the bios when i installed it my motherboard is msi a pro-z490
we are in a tournament in middle east servers this is the 17th time it is showing black screen .
still waiting maybe it will take days d https preview.redd.it/i31ry9e417561.png ? width=1882 format=png auto=webp v=enabled s=927e23f6656a5af480805470a9eefe96356f61aa
first i thought wooden posts were supposed to have the texture of vertical wooden planks but that did n't seem to be the case see screenshot for comparison .
another thing that is similar it would be better if vertical wooden planks would use the texture of normal planks and just rotate it if possible instead of using its own texture because of resource packs again see screenshot .
hi i found on ia a recording of a concert but i can only listen to 30 sec samples of each track .
post nut clarity and horny brain is my biggest problem when i 'm horny i lose all impulse control
my actual thoughts are affected i ca n't think straight but as soon as i bust it 's instant clarity
lockdown has got me feeling pretty lonely and i would love someone to chat to and fall asleep with on call .
please only message me if you are free for a call .
preferably you 're looking to go to sleep on call as well .
let me know your age and location in the first message .
as per the title i think i 've setup now 1,000 science per minute .
all i need to finish is to setup my new lab space !
is there a rule about how many labs are needed for this amount of science ?
can i set them up like i did in the beginning ?
feeding by belt or by bot and then direct inserting from lab to lab to lab ?
my gecko pachinko has not eaten for at least the past 5 days .
she did shed recently but she 's never not eaten before or after shedding .
she has not pooped except maybe once since this began .
this is my first leopard gecko so i 'm not sure what 's going on and am starting to get scared ... any ideas ? ? ?
senate republicans are working on a compromise to include one time stimulus checks of 600 to every american .
millions of americans are thousands and thousands of dollars behind on rent .
senate republicans had no problem handing out billions and billions in forgivable loans to wealthy corporations and churches ... but when it comes to us peasants they want to give us pennies .
call your senators today and demand that this bullshit be corrected .
we run ssl vpn with forticlient 6.4 fine so far .
for dns server configuration we specify dns server 1 2 pointing to the internal dns servers reachable via ssl vpn .
we have a host named host1.company.com https host1.company.com which must not be resolved internally so on the internal dns server there is no dns record which works fine for hosts located in that subnet .
only on the public dns server the record is available .
nevertheless with active running vpn the name host1.company.com https host1.company.com is resolved to the public ip adress .
am on pc i changed the settings on performance mode and now there is no stw option it just loads me into br and i dont have the option ti change mode
there is some shine on the caps please see the pictures !
if you have any questions do n't hesitate to send me a message .
i wish to fill up a cd with mp3 to play in an old car .
do you guys know at what bitrate i should encode my songs to sound like it 's fm radio ?
i wish to fit as much tracks as possible on the cd without ruining the sound quality too much .
'' it 'd be more like karma at this point .
yeah i 'd totally be in line for zoot and the lee zealand story .
lmao we get it you can murder a thirty rack 😂😂 who gives a fuck .
you have great taste in pie my two favs !
was it the one where you confront a ripper doc after clearing out the chop shop of dead bodies beneath his shop ?
i 'd killed like a half dozen gang members only a few feet from him ncpd does n't give a shit .
i shoot him though and they spawn instantly behind me .
i only did a couple of quick tests so i do n't claim this is exhaustive but i was very surprised to discover that you appear to be right .
the noise canceling 'level ' seems to be trying to simulate a smooth gradient from blocks everything '' at level 10 to simulates not having the headphones on at all '' at level 0 .
i 'm not particularly sensitive to the noise-canceling effect that you mention so i 'm not sure if using a lower level results in less ear pressure '' than level 10 .
you 're 31 so there is no such thing as a life ruined to the point of no return unless you make it so in your mind .
if you are willing to fight for yourself then you have more than a normal chance for success .
do n't worry about credit or any other debt just downsize before life does it for you .
there is no such thing as bad with money '' if you are willing to learn .
pm me if you want some ideas but whatever you do just do n't give up .
yooo i think the last one 's my porn alt 😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳
dynamis instances specifically have had really bad lag for a lot of people for a long time now .
i do not think that there is much you can do to fix this .
even on fiber i am still spiking over 2k r .
you can try a dx8 proxy like dgvoodoo but that may only address the issue if it stems from graphics latency like low fps .
this will not address if your r received packets latency is 2k .
here is a photo of the sleeve bullets and extra batteries .
https i.imgur.com/bzcejg8.jpg https i.imgur.com/bzcejg8.jpg you turn on the bullet then slide it up into the sleeve in the 3 holes on the back side of the orifice then you slide the whole thing into the case while its vibrating .
and yes the battery pack is unopened as i never did use it enough to need the extra batteries .
help destroy the libs by donating to weecycle https www.weecycle.org a nonprofit diaper bank serving the denver metro area .
message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/toiletpaperusa proof of donation to receive a super special user flair !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/toiletpaperusa if you have any questions or concerns .
hey fuckwits in my building i do not want your half-assed oh sorry when i pass you in the hallway and glare at you because you are unmasked .
i want you to do the right thing and follow the fucking rules .
i usually point my juniors to these tutorials for css https www.leveluptutorials.com/tutorials/css-tutorials
my girlfriend always checks on the saints and says hey briguy how are the saints doing ?
i then send her the link to your posts which she usually responds you sent me a post from someone named i fap to spooky tits to which i break out laughing .
i 've got a zod if you need one .
the freefolk sub is also an edgy hateful sub to be fair got was pretty bad towards the end but that freefolk sub turned into a cult .
even after years they are still hating on it as if it was their hobby .
explains how cyberpunkgame sub and other hate subs can exist and will exist for long .
it cost 2k to build but most are worth less so it 's better to just buy it from someone else .
positioning today is so underrated while it is one of the most important things in the game
playstation works flawless but i dont like the new ps5 chat system nor the console design .
xbox series s is so small man i got shocked 1. time said to my wife and where is the console '' ? !
xbox was my first console too so i really wan na stick with xbox and at the end every of them if its sony microsoft etc having a lil strange behave sometimes .
looks like i will need to use all this cables for a veryyyyyy looooong time ... .. r/elgato should hurry to get their mic s licensed to ms too .
i think i got the last one available it 's just a private multi family i found it on craigslist so check there !
this is the case for many library schools but not all of them .
uiuc 's program is more rigorous and i 'm sure others are as well .
and we now have a platform from which we can deal with different strains .
take a look at the flu vaccine there is n't a full vaccine testing every year for addressing the strains that will be combatted .
when the h1n1 pandemic occurred in 2009 it was a relatively quick process to adjust the vaccine and produce the required vaccine .
it 's reasonable to anticipate that immunization against other strains of sars-cov-2 will be similar .
i understand the cause for concern but to suggest that this will permanently change our way of life is alarmist .
we 've got tools now and we 'll continue to apply them once you 've got the correct antibodies in the population this will be regarded as a bad cold or flu .
presuming to know how future variations will effect humans is a fools game but we 've now got a foundation to build off of when that happens .
i thought the official website had actual play/winrates but i was mistaken .
also your glass is bigger than 500ml so wo n't ever be full
200 per day is not enough for table games at the aria .
even with the current slow conditions i doubt you 'll see anything available for less than 15/hand maybe 10 if you 're lucky .
being activated sometime after youve done a factory reset and start opening all of your apps you have on there .
you can even test it by doing a factory reset not downloading an of your apps for the night and youll wake up with less than 5 drained .
put the device in safe mode for the night and it wont drain 15 during that time .
its an app or process running like crazy creating wakelocks .
i literally just looked at mine and in 8 hours at 40 minutes of idle it drained 1 on airplane mode on wifi .
det vile starte noget af fløjkrig og sikkert en straksanmodning om at mette fredriksen går af hvis s indgår i at et pressemøde er en instruks og indleder en rigsretssag .
spændende om de vil det i en sag hvor en stor del af befolkningen er bag inger støjberg med det klare signal det vil sende hvis regeringen ikke samtigtigt tager konsekvensen og går af med baggrund i deres egen sag .
start a new file and rewrite it from ground .
my world is an addaption and mixture from our cultures but in another world .
my road was to do something like if i would play in which order and what i would search for ?
explain the world a little bit set up the feeling .
explain the character building and every aspect of it .
explain what to do with the stuff that i explained earlier
how dice rolls work how to use spells where does mana come from
at this point players should be good to play standard missions without asking much of the stuff
in my opinion should be enough for a first tavern meeting '' session zero like .
what the stuff that you build your char does limitations how it interacts with the world .
how to beat how to get beaten up how to recover from beaten up and how to avoid being beaten up something like this .
build-up some more lore in order of appearance and importance for worldbuilding ''
political/philosophycal world-building and the afterwards like religion cultures social stuff .
the easy-mode player would read further to page 10 here it should be enough for anyone know everything needed to play good at low-ground .
the medium-mode player would achiev page 25 here it should build most of the world lore and advanced details on mechanics enough to achieve high-level and know your efficiency and still learn stuff from the world .
the hardcore will read everything will know the entire world and every mechanical interaction .
usually weddings are quite big milestones in people 's lives most do n't push out kids before theirs .
pc version loaded in and my wings are locked are in inventory screen but i can still glide but there are no wings .
it is a blank model and i can change them .
the reality show part was hard to sit through but i did learn to look at things like you mentioned much more closely now .
i 'm wanting to get a memento mori half sleeve from a really good artist and comments like this really help me understand what to look for .
if you get far enough in there is a death scythe that has never had a meister
i am a heavy long term smoker and have never heard of this .
i hope that you start to feel better soon .
with 30 million loyal friends you could do a lot
i think they should have incorporated the four covenant 's themes into the floors to give a little more variety .
i appreciate the randomized maps but everything just looks the same even if the floors have different layouts .
it just feels like a chore after awhile just like the maw .
i know a ton of family guys who are dickheads .
my internet coach posted an instagram about this subject this morning .
i 'm headed more towards the left pictures as my peak-fit level maybe one day .
too much for me too many things would have to be given up deprioritized to get to that level and i 'm just not gon na do it .
the breaking of the ps5 was in satisfying to say the least .
99 year old me in the future i 'm not that old yet still doing it because of the nostalgia
i 'd like to see a nice means by which a macro placed before a statement could wrap its execution with variable declaration and initialization before the block and cleanup after .
but that would require the use of extra logic to ensure that the loop executes exactly once and having to use a structure to allow the definition of objects of different types within a for loop is rather icky .
with regard to the question of whether the standard should innovate rather than merely justify existing practices what it should seek to do is define constructs in such a way that existing implementations could be upgraded to handle at least some common usage cases adequately if not particularly well merely by adding a header file containing some macros but often likely handle such cases better if logic were built into a compiler .
that would fix a major chicken-and-egg problem surrounding the addition of new features and could also make it easier for compilers to process constructs efficiently .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/greatview if you have any questions or concerns .
oh absolutely not i do n't have the income for inspired builds 😂 i 'm a hs senior and scraping by by piecing together an aero build
who did the acknowledge as being a wcw start when they jumped ?
people like the guy in this article will succeed where the climate change deniers will fail .
i have had some books ordered since august a kind employee told me the books are n't due for a reprint until january due to covid .
still no news on this issue about missing ahamkara bones in the last ascendant challenge ?
i did n't get on the hype train for this game so did n't have anything by way of expectations .
i was pretty neutral when i fired it up but after putting some hours in i like it more as i 've found the elements of the game i enjoy and focused on them .
if i had experienced bugs that stopped me playing early in my opinion of it would have been lower than it is now .
para além do que o u/maracuja_sagrado falou temos que lembrar também que alguns grupos de pessoas não poderão tomar a vacina e terão que torcer pela imunização da maior parte de pessoas para que o vírus não fique na espreita para pegar elas .
he hits the propeller and starts spinning like one all the way down .
and it 's less of a bonk and more like the sound a bird makes when it hits a window .
it 's great they 've stopped the healing spam for none healing class .
i play support a lot and it does grind my gear to hear that on repeat and when they die thanks thanks thanks .
rinse and repeat whilst i 'm healing my objective focused team .
you 're going to need to source that as that concept flys contrary to what i 've seen with my own two eyes .
gender and racial pay gaps 100 still exist in this country because it 's too difficult to prove definitively if the employer is good enough at hiding it .
i count my blessings that i do n't have to slog through really any of that bs but i still see it everywhere i go .
pick your head out of the sand for 2 seconds and get your information from more sources than breitbart and fox news .
they 're actually right that some versions of the software said 'you have ' not 'you 've got ' .
they are i do n't think this guy buy his own food to be honest ...
it only takes one trip to the market to know how expensive meet is in brazil .
chicken is cheep thought but not more than rice beans and potatoes ...
this post has been removed due to improper title tagging .
due to automod restrictions all posts are required to have a tag in the title .
please resubmit your post beginning with one of the most relevant bracketed words in the title .
for more information please see the post types and flairs page .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/streetwear if you have any questions or concerns .
yours is the first video for belt submission i 've ever watched i enjoyed your calm and accent so i just subbed to your yt channel !
plus the gift for your friend is just awesome .
wait how did you make it so you could move ?
i tried loading background maps in ep2 but i was just stuck is it different in portal ?
the library is a glorious spot for a drink on a sunny day after work .
unless he himself is just a pawn to a larger scheme and his owners are the ones who killed him
when you download the launcher from the website it will download the 3gb anyway .
they do n't even answer the first most important questions .
better gear than mayhem is bs lol most of the influence are not available in delve and many other
he saw her profile on bumble and sometimes people link their socials or this guy stalked her and he slid into her dms until she saw a picture of him and then unfriended him immediately
but you may fin that even outside of realism .. getting facial symmetry is still a big issue ... well ... it is for me anyway .
for a laugh ... google issues about the second eye '' in drawing 😖🤣
this post was tagged no spoilers meaning it ca n't have a picture video text or link that reveals/asks for any details of the plot .
if you think this post contains spoilers please report it .
untagged spoilers will be removed and will result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dark if you have any questions or concerns .
i did wonder if i came from being in school and having a more structured day and also having his best friend on hand he will often call us his name before correcting himself .
maybe a timetable might be good and being given options rather than us just telling him to play with something .
as a parent myself i can fully understand the mindset that you 'd want to expose this sort of shit happening if you fully believed it honestly i 'm no getting into if it is or is n't happening because i 'm not from there i 've not seen evidence i 've only heard what 99 of everyone else in scotland has heard about govanhill .
the difference between him and i is that i 'm a shitebag who 'd be feert to get his cunt kicked in .
now if you 'll excuse me i need to change my glasses !
out hotword is computer '' so we just call her alexa .
maybe blue scarf guy clones are condemned to repeat the same fate .
it might be the time loop guiding him to his fate or the game might be designed to push him towards his self-immolation .
that 's like saying leaves suck because they get eaten by snails
australia is the sexy dude wales is the one driving fiji is the entertaining one to watch .
consensus seems to be pc was the right platform to play it and experience it on .
i am glad you 're having fun with it though
i 'm not even sure to score if no one was defending ...
but ahsoka and ezra both faced sith and lost .
it was made clear that luke was the only one that had the power to defeat or rather turn vader .
regardless of the election outcome trump and his supporters are going to keep on relentlessly exposing the fraud and corruption of the media democrats and the republican swamp .
dimentia china biden is going to sink the democrat party in or out of office .
the game does n't even stand up on its own merits let alone what cdpr said it would have and did n't deliver .
the game is a weak effort in game terms regardless of hype .
i 've noticed over the years that the mothers of attractive girls care way too much about wanting their daughter to have a suitably attractive partner ... way more than the daughter herself does .
like they think they 'll be judged negatively by society for their daughter having a less attractive boyfriend .
i 've seen girls get into huge fights with their mothers because of this .
and they say women start to value the important things in life as they mature ...
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ladybonersgw if you have any questions or concerns .
i will now use this for inspiration and study ty
those hard stage will drop fragment for their respective character and if you had done any gacha ingame you might have some princess stone thingy ?
idk it 's proper english name since i did n't have access to english version of priconne that can be used to exchange to the specific fragment you want .
also you might want to try if your second healer can keep your tank pecorine from dying or not .
if that ca n't do then you can put up a second tank go for 2 star and come back later .
netflix got the hint and has n't asked me this for years .
yes i like to binge an entire show in one day thank you very much for not interrupting my session anymore
the racism thing gets me with many pro pornography feminists .
i once knew a black guy who found this wonderful girl that he just adored .
then she broke his heart after a few months because the sex was n't good enough '' she even said that his penis was the biggest issue ironically because it was n't as big as she had hoped .
it killed him to be dumped over such a shallow and stereotyped thing that is n't even true except in pornography .
idk his size but he said he thought he was average and i take his word for it .
i ca n't help but think that pornography influenced her to date him because of a stereotype due to the reason she dumped him .
for just 0.5 more soucek and lookman are fantastic options
friendly reminder if this is about a bug or something broken please be sure to also make a report in the bug reporting system .
please be thorough and remember to jot down your ebr .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/eve if you have any questions or concerns .
thought i 'd pop over into see about any sports historians in this community .
the topic i 'm hoping to dig into is pretty specific..
i host a podcast about retired athletes and am looking to do a show all about senior day in american high school and college sports .
there does n't seem to be a lot on this on the internet so i 'm trying to tap into any and all resources possible .
the basic question how did senior day come to be ?
thanks to any and all who might know about this !
the gmail account you will receive after purchase will have youtube tv activated and will be valid for 2 months .
discord server http sugar-tech.github.io/discordserver for queries and free google unlimited from our discord bot
im thinking about buying a low profile keyboard but im not sure yet .
can someone who uses or has used one tell me what they think about them ?
today is my 4 month anniversary of being created !
looking for things i should buy for a him more of a bucket list experience .
trying to decide on which garmin watch to buy .
thinking i would n't mind a wetsuit for open water training and race day .
what other recommendations that would make my life easier ?
currently 6'4 '' 220lbs if that helps with anything .
avast email phone number 1 800-815-7930 service costing and different zone stock .
effectively perceive and discover item exercises at a solitary region with the duct center you
can follow orchestrate and upgrade the assessing legitimately inside avast email .
you can utilize organization experts unhindered mechanical help and updates .
directly register and handle stock and make buying orders .
give the avast subtleties to your organization through customized item reports .
out rundown limits anticipate that you should follow more than 100,000 customers viders and item items and workers .
solved on avast email service phone number desktop have loads of mistakes .
these mistakes have their own particular misstep code which will help you in recognizing the sort of bungle .
you can defy mistakes like avast email eavastor 1303 avast email eavastor
1335 avast email eavastor 1603 avast email ill suited to update your duct run time bumble avast email ca n't complete this action and needs to restart avast email eavastor c=1 avast email tls
goof unfit to print document ca n't get to organization record w2 printing bungle unfit to reinforcement organization document avast email botch code – 6000 – 82 or – 6000 – 106 and some
avast email is a complex bookkeeping gram that gives a few highlights and apparatuses to organization prietors .
overhauling the gram to make it snappier more client obliging and botch free .
on the off chance that you need any help with the usage of the applications or an inquiry happens intuit
avast email causes you to manage the absolute most befuddled organization measures .
example watching refreshed inventories recording the past of solicitations managing s shielding the records and making you feel gressively like a breeze .
is such a trustworthy gram it a great part of the time experiences new glitches and mistakes that require an expert 's squeezing incorporation .
move course by passing on avast email organization administration honestly to our corporate client base .
today we express our excitement by serviceing business clients to end up being super
the expansion cycle is generally orchestrated and tried to move both you and your staff .
dial 1 800-815-7930 get quick help from avast email tech uphold phone number every minute
uickbooks phone number 1 800-815-7930 service costing and different zone stock .
effectively perceive and discover item exercises at a solitary region with the duct center you
can follow orchestrate and upgrade the assessing legitimately inside avast email .
you can utilize organization experts unhindered mechanical help and updates .
directly register and handle stock and make buying orders .
give the coavastect subtleties to your organization through customized item reports .
out rundown limits anticipate that you should follow more than 100,000 customers viders and item items and workers .
solved on avast email service phone number desktop have loads of mistakes .
these mistakes have their own particular misstep code which will help you in recognizing the sort of bungle .
you can defy mistakes like avast email eavastor 1303 avast email eavastor
1335 avast email eavastor 1603 avast email ill suited to update your duct run time bumble avast email ca n't complete this action and needs to restart avast email eavastor c=1 avast email tls
goof unfit to print document ca n't get to organization record w2 printing bungle unfit to reinforcement organization document avast email botch code – 6000 – 82 or – 6000 – 106 and some
avast email is a complex bookkeeping gram that gives a few highlights and apparatuses to organization prietors .
overhauling the gram to make it snappier more client obliging and botch free .
on the off chance that you need any help with the usage of the applications or an inquiry happens intuit
avast email causes you to manage the absolute most befuddled organization measures .
example watching refreshed inventories recording the past of solicitations managing s shielding the records and making you feel gressively like a breeze .
is such a trustworthy gram it a great part of the time experiences new glitches and mistakes that require an expert 's squeezing incorporation .
move course by passing on avast email organization administration honestly to our corporate client base .
today we express our excitement by serviceing business clients to end up being super
the expansion cycle is generally orchestrated and tried to move both you and your staff .
dial 1 800-815-7930 get quick help from avast email tech uphold phone number every minute
i 'll take at least an hour to pick one of what everyone submits .
how many chapters do u guys think bc is going to be .
so apparently i have the watcher beta cards unlocked but i never beat the heart with the watcher .
i 'm looking for local places to buy oil paint and supplies .
i do n't really want to buy things online but i 'll do anything to avoid going to hobby lobby .
i did n't make my first post about my parents here it 's on a couple other subs .
but here 's a quick rundown of the events in chronological order probably .
i was happy and closeted using reddit youtube and discord
they tried to blame the g a y on the laptop and the internet
they made me even more suicidal and depressed because all of my entertainment and people i talked to were stripped away from me
they are currently trying to put in me in religious therapy to get the g a y out of me
i was chilling looking like jabba the hut in my bed doing homework '' and/or reddit scrolling and occasionally typing a letter .
then my mom just had to burst in without knocking .
i immediately closed the gay webcomic i was absorbed in heartstopper if you 're wondering but did n't get the youtube of reddit tabs down .
right before bursting in she asked me if i brushed my teeth and put deodorant on cause i was visiting my friend soon .
i had to look sharp '' which is impossible because i am less sharp '' as she put it than a perfect circle .
i immediately stood up closed my laptop and put it where i normally had it on these metal shelf looking things .
my mom entered looking just as bad as me and said what are you doing on that laptop ? ''
yeah that lie worked perfectly good job past me .
well then open it up and show me ! ! ''
i opened it up and blurted out i was looking at lgbt stuff '' but it sounded like iwaslookingatlgbtstuff ''
i would be lying if i said i did n't want to die right now .
i hate my parents more than anyone in the world and i have at least 5 more years with them .
i want to overdose or hang myself or jump in front of a train .
do drugs drink have sex anything to stop the pain .
i hate myself almost as much as i do them .
i saw a train going and started running and crying and screaming out .
i want to die but i do n't wan na be dead
mainly relevant cause ive been seeing a ton of posts mentioning their videos recently .
i know their name is dorian and their bio mentions they 're genderfluid im wondering if any of yall know what pronouns i should use for them .
sorry if this isnt ok to post bc its not about eugenia i just dont wan na misgender someone
with the 9th ed here and most likely we will get our update eventually i am looking through our roster and identify some unit/wargear/rule/etc that gw should take a look at when our time come .
most likely will be a series of post each focus on a specific thing .
so in a way this can be consider my third kroot post the first one was a mild one on buffing shaper and krootox with vanguard deployment and hounds with deep strike https www.reddit.com/r/tau40k/comments/jupvb9/a_wish_list_for_tau_9th_ed_update_kroot while the second one is about shaper riding krootox https www.reddit.com/r/tau40k/comments/k54v9r/a_wish_list_for_tau_9th_ed_update_kroot_shaper .
the purpose of this is to give a bit of flavor to normal kroot by breaking them up in what i call kroot predators and kroot scavenger .
they both have stealthy hunters but each have another minor or more correctly situational rules to encourage putting them in scenarios that the tau might not enjoy .
also for balancing safety let say we bum their cost up to 5 pts per model instead .
for predators i am leaning towards an units that encourage using smart cover to prey on any stray unit .
ambush if at the beginning of your movement phase this unit is not visible to any enemy unit add 1 to its charge rolls and hit rolls and wound rolls during fight phase when attacking any unit not within 6 '' of their ally units .
with ws 3 1 to hit s4 attacks and 1 to wound the predators can realistically cut down quite a few lower end troops unit imo though again still no melee fighters .
of course this only apply if you can proc their ambush rules .
as for scavengers i am thinking more of a mobile units that can relocate given the right situation but usually in a forward manner .
carcass hunter during the battle put a marker at the location of any enemy units that was destroyed .
remove the marker if an enemy model end a move within 3 '' of it .
once every end of any player turn a kroot scavenger unit can move any distance toward any such marker within 7 '' .
remove the target marker after you make such move .
during the next player turn that kroot scavenger unit automatically pass any morale test .
so whether you are pushing into enemy territory or defending a objective and destroy an attacking enemy unit with overwatch the scavenger can always be relocated to near the fight and provide some support .
hi all recently my first gen mazda 3 snapped it 's passenger side real coil symptoms leading up to this was a clunk that only happened at low speeds like going through a parking lot .
i 've been looking into the idea of a small lift for camping and tromping around in it too .
from what i 've looked into it seems like the mazda 5 coil would work on the 3 and from my understanding i wo n't need a whole new strut assembly and swapping the coils alone is fine .
have you guys ever done this or know about it ?
the doctor took one look and said those are some nasty tonsils let 's get them out .
now i 'm just patiently waiting for them to call so i can schedule it .
hearing the doctor say that had eased me so much and somehow the idea of surgery has reduced my anxiety over this .
i would say this is the easiest way to do this heist then again i could be wrong but you need to
step 1 scope out the drainage tunnel located under the mansions balcony by the sea
step 3 when you start the heist go in by the drain grate and after cutting it with a torch you will getting a prompt to equip rebreathers press whichever button it prompts you for otherwise you wont be able to progress
step 4 you should be on the balcony walk with the sea on your left straight .
there will be 2 guards at the end of the corridor .
step 5 now walk past the guards you just killed and up the stairs on your left and take out the guards and camera and keep walking till you pass the panthers cage
step 6 kill any guard you can see in the area .
step 7 go back towards the panther cage and turn left and walk towards the hedge towards the house and jump over and go up the stairs until you reach the top
step 8 hack and loot the basement and head out the way you came in .
step 9 if you looted a key from the guards open the get and leave out the main gate if not jump the hedge and leave through the main gate .
step 10 shoot any remaining guards and leave on a motorbike to the docks and loot any warehouses you see at the docks .
video of this method here here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=pd1-3h9oo7m
looks interesting but not to sure what i think so far .
with all of the stuff going on in the news crashing stock lawsuits etc .
will the cdpr devs actually be able to fix and add to what is a great but buggy game ?
or will the company collapse and all support for the game go with it ?
how often do you run into cheaters these days ?
stopped playing the game because labs was unplayable and was wondering how the situation is now
a place for members of r/markrodgers to chat with each other
what is the best way to watch all nhl games ?
i live in georgia and have an nhl tv subscription but i constantly get blackouts and have to use fubo sling etc .
in order to get all of the games i want to see .
i 'm very disappointed that i cant get one service that will give me everything i want.. during the last stanley cup playoffs my nhl tv subscription was 95 useless ...
what is the best solution for everyone else without having to use 50 different services just to get all of a team 's games ?
anyone see any chestnuts in any of the grocery stores ?
i 'm told that the lexington co-op has them but it 's kind of out of my way .
i checked wegmans on the boulevard this weekend and could n't find any fresh nuts at all .
so i asked out a girl i 've been friends with for 2 years and she said yes it was complicated because she was confused about her feelings but now she know what she wants and i 'm really excited and also a little nervous i hope we end up together
like the title said is it to late to call and visit stations for the apprenticeship ?
i 've talked to several stations already but have n't heard anything for the past month .
i 'm fairly new to the game and really do n't know what goes into making a good loadout for pve .
what kind of weapons do you generally want to use ?
i want to start doing some higher level content and do n't really know where to start .
i will eventually do an armor build but i want to start with weapons .
are there any specific weapons i should get or which types of weapons i should use .
i used to eat nothing but goodfields sunflower seeds then all of the sudden they were gone .
edit you can still find goodfields sunflower kernels but no shells .
its going to very myself and a friend in a hunterxhunter style drawing of us eating rolled ice cream with a chinatown vibe background in chicago .
i can provide the pictures for reference and everything after wards .
i 'm looking to spend like 50 100 or so .
im not sure what that kind of style costs really .
i have a 10 subway giftcard i would like to give away to someone who is really in need .
i 've been annoyed with the new strict doordash policies .
i got a contract violation for being 12 minutes late to a restaurant even though i delivered on time .
i noticed that it 's possible to mark off the items anytime even far away from the restaurant .
is there any penalty or risk of deactivation from doing this ?
i had to recently switch to dark roast beans for my espresso shots to lower the acidity level .
i was wondering with the increase in oiliness on the bean surface do i need to take extra steps in cleaning out my eureka notte grinder 's burr set ?
i know they have the urnex grindz cleaning tablets for coffee grinders .
is it ok to use them on eureka notte grinders ?
i mostly drink one double shot espresso every other day .
i was thinking ippo is around 26 years old presently in the manga so definitely not his prime anymore assuming he wo n't return until at least after sendo 's fight in about 6 or 7 months from now on manga time .
plus i do n't imagine ippo will be having back to back fights they will have to be spread out especially because him being punch drunk '' i would assume they want to avoid that now .
meaning its very easy to imagine ippo fighting ricardo at about 30 and ricardo saying that 's gon na be his last fight since he would be extremely old in terms of a boxer .
during this lockdown my partner went to her home and i was all alone in this big city .
saw him and it was love in first sight .
it took days to actually make him comfortable and it kept me busy .
some nights he would cry for his mom and i will pick him up and make him sleep beside me .
he is still not sure if he can trust me .
next afternoon he comes by himself and starts meowing .
that was the first time he purred and i felt blessed .
he would come early in the morning and leave at night when his mother meow for him .
he got so comfortable that he started to sleep on my chest .
however the sad thing is from the past 3days he has been missing .
in these 3 days i always open my door just to see if he is there on my door mat but he is not .
i know i wont be able to see him again .
but i hope he is all good where ever he is .
if people are criticizing how the show portrays lee some can argue that that is harsh .
the creators of the show have shown significant interest in the books and making it as good as possible for the series .
the character of lee scoresby is very important to the crew/creators/lin and it shows .
i wish the show was longer but it is what it is .
plus i gave examples of how the show conveys who lee is .
what the fuck are you on because no one here actually agrees with you ?
you did n't answer the question you gave an answer that does n't apply to the game at all .
if you keep saying things like this they 'll just need the living shit out of what we currently have instead of buffing the weapons that suck .
they totally have mine should show up next week .
yea we can both trade them so we can both get alakazam
i do want card draw in the command zone for my squirrel deck
like w carti album should be a package deal with that dude these beats just sound like medium versions of pierre beats
oh hey what 's this green plank on the grou aaaaa no have mercy i didnt know please ru
i get that you 're unhappy that your senior year is ruined but tbh if you and your family are in good health then you walked out of the pandemic better than mosy
communication is key and it 's a two way street .
you 're doing all the right things by asking for what you need and expressing yourself however he does n't seem to be doing the same .
but in a long distance relationship great communication is crucial .
here 's some info and resources on emotional maturity communication relationships .
in order to have a fulfilling life and fulfilling connected relationships you have to work on your emotional side .
you can not have passion for life or anything if you 're emotions are suppressed and hidden away .
this can lead to depression and is often a symptom of emotional neglect ...
a majority of parents just want what 's best for their children but some are abusive and neglectful in many more ways in addition to emotional neglect .
it is invisible and thus often overlooked in favor of treating physical abuse neglect understandably so .
i wo n't focus on this kind of abuse in this post because there 's plenty of literature and understanding on trauma
it is certainly present in abusive homes but also can be present in homes where everything looks good .
for example parents are financially well-off nice home provide great nutrition the best clothes the best academic education and the best head start financially never spanked hit or witnessed domestic violence ...
so it 's easy to assume people brought up like that had a perfect '' life .
however it is quite common that parents whether with bad intentions or good intentions are ill equipped to handle and support their child emotionally .
cps wo n't spot these issues and ca n't really do anything about it because there 's no physical scars or malnutrition to document .
told to stay out of sight when you 're upset crying
always cheered up with money new toy new clothes etc
told as a child that your problems did n't matter because your parent had so much more going on than you .
your favorite toy broke got lost you 're sad parents tell you to stop crying or you 'll get a time out etc
if you were n't happy and all smiles your parents
there 's many more examples but this really gives you a good idea .
these things might seem trivial or 'not a big deal ' and isolated occurrences are n't a big deal .
however if this is how you 're brought up ... day in day out as a child over time you 're taught that your emotions are to be suppressed hidden .
you 're taught that you 're emotions make you unreasonable and wrong .
slowly self esteem is chipped away and you might only feel proud when you get that new promotion or when you buy a new house .
sometimes a seemingly little thing can set your anger off
when something bothers you you do n't say anything you 'd rather avoid uncomfortable situations
afraid that if you open up people will leave you .
needing nurture emotional support and unconditional love is part of being human and if that eas missing it affects you deeply .
you can learn how to open up and pick up healthy habits .
you can feel fulfilled and at peace with who you are .
this wo n't solve all your problems but recovering from this will make your financial problems relationship problems etc feel like you can tackle them without burning out .
here 's a few resources that might help you .
running on empty https drjonicewebb.com/the-book by jonice webb and its sequel
amazing books that really help dig deep gives you easy do 's and don'ts for developing healthy coping skills healthy habits .
the reason i highly recommend these is because they focus on emotional neglect which is often and understandably overlooked in favor of more visible issues such as physical emotional abuse .
however emotional neglect can be just as harmful as any other form of abuse and dr. webb really helps you understand how to improve your emotional health and heal from your past .
complex ptsd from surviving to thriving https www.amazon.com/dp/1492871842/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_fabc_eb5qfb3a3kqwy by pete walker
pete is a general practitioner '' who specializes in helping adults recovering from growing up in traumatizing families especially those whose repeated exposure to childhood abuse and/or neglect left them with symptoms of complex post-traumatic stress disorder cptsd .
he has a great deal of recovery from his own cptsd and his professional approach is highly enriched by his own 40 year journey of recovering .
the body keeps the score https www.brainpickings.org/2016/06/20/the-body-keeps-the-score-van-der-kolk by bessel van der kolk
i 've only started it but it is promising and comes highly recommended .
six pillars of self esteem https www.goodreads.com/book/show/79352.six_pillars_of_self_esteem by nathaniel branden
the book demonstrates compellingly why self-esteem is basic to psychological health achievement personal happiness and positive relationships .
branden introduces the six pillars—six action-based practices for daily living that provide the foundation for self-esteem—and explores the central importance of self-esteem in five areas the workplace parenting education psychotherapy and the culture at large .
this amazing little app is available for free on apple and google .
while it is aimed at people who are parenting and in a relationship the facts and guides it shares are extremely useful in helping you build stronger relationships and emotional bonds with those around you .
it has short videos and is easy to use just a few minutes a day .
the five love languages how to express heartfelt commitment to your mate https www.5lovelanguages.com by gary chapman
so why does it feel like you 're not on the same page ?
the most common issue in any relationship is the communication barrier .
everyone experiences love differently and it 's easy to miss the mark when it comes to showing that you care .
with a little help from the 5 love languages® you can learn to identify the root of your conflicts give and receive love in more meaningful ways and grow closer than ever .
your love language profile will explain your primary love language what it means and how you can use it to connect to others .
not only useful for after an affair but a great guide on how to build a stronger relationship between you and your partner so that you can prevent infidelity and increase true intimacy .
all lf these are a good supplement or prelude but not a replacement for therapy .
whenever you 're ready and able to get therapy get therapy .
a good therapist can really give you personalized guidance .
do n't be afraid to shop around for the right fit .
if you 're having trouble finding the right therapist learning some vocabulary what issues apply to you so you can advocate for yourself more effectively with your therapist/when finding other resources .
most of these are available via the libby https www.overdrive.com/apps/libby ? utm_medium=paid utm_source=google utm_campaign=b2c_advertising utm_content=googleads_audiobookadset 20 gclid=cj0kcqia7qp9brclarisabdazzg_p86qpdlrl-og0fww_bl4bhuke0k_bw8mcxk189ogsxyw70rx3gqaajwsealw_wcb app by overdrive let 's you use your library card to check out e-books and audio books !
you can listen/read on your phone or use the kindle app or e reader to download them there .
also used older generation kindles with the e ink displays are available relatively cheap online i got mine for around 40 bucks !
mistakes are normal and they do not erase your progress .
be gentle with yourself you can not shame your way into improving
do n't try to change every single thing at once .
naming your emotions https miro.medium.com/max/2664/1*ug_-vmjqfwfzl8oydsr3rq.jpeg gives you power over them
it comes in many forms and what works for me may not work for you !
someone else 's abusive/neglectful behavior does not reflect your worth or value .
i know i have out 20 to 8 friends when we went out but the rest this guy called mouth 👄 took me all !
the withdrawals we 're crazy for 48 hours bro ... . it was my first and last time doing clam like that ! ! !
i just got into rc benzo and did n't know the power of clam
an introduction to the study of indian history https www.amazon.in/dp/9386042215/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_fabc_wry5fb6jb87m1 by dd kosambi
a history of ancient and early medieval india from the stone age to the 12th century https www.amazon.in/dp/8131716775/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_fabc_kly5fbdknsy9w by upinder singh
indian thought a critical survey https archive.org/details/indianthought-acriticalsurvey-english-k.damodaran by k damodaran
a concise history of south india issues and interpretations https www.amazon.in/dp/0198099770/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_fabc_tjy5fb7j2ppsv
so lets say you include a g5 team which of the three undefeated g5 teams gets to get in this year ?
every team has to have a way to automatically qualify .
yep i found it in that page and thought it was funny i wanted to share it
doctor was judas hacker died and returned for a few days kanto was heaven
if i got ta spend today sober you all can do this !
i will ask santa to deliver a case of sparkling water to your place or shoot that sleigh outta the sky with a sam missile depending on your preference .
just let me know which faction you belong to and i will do my best to assist you !
i think even if it might be kind of weird it also might be worth it to keep r from thinking you 're like secretly judging him even if you 're nice to his face .
you can always bring it up in like a hey something just reminded me about that time you thought i was calling you fucked up and i realized i 'm not sure if i ever clarified that i was actually calling l fucked up so like the exact opposite i hope you do n't think i thought you were fucked up '' .
or you know however you 'd put it in your own words .
in general most people are willing to forgive a little weirdness if they can tell you 're making a genuine attempt to communicate something well-intentioned .
plus i do n't even really think it would be that weird !
but like even if it were i do n't think it would be a problem for it to be slightly weird in this case .
you do n't have to level your main dps to max immediately though ascending them is important .
if you do n't spend any cards from now until ascension you will likely have enough .
especially if you spend some spare daily resin on exp leylines .
and we 're getting many free cards from chests events and battlepass .
you wo n't really need to farm for artifacts until ar45 as long as you have a good beginner set so save your fragile resin use daily resin to farm ascension mats weapon mats and exp .
as for saving cards for pulling ... well you 'll probably pull that 5 star before you reach ar40 and it could be a weapon .
it 's still probably better to ascend and level your current dps though because then you can more easily farm things when you do ascend .
there 's nothing worse than trying to farm when you 're underleveled .
asking the same question 30 minutes later does n't change the answer .
from what i understand a js framework site is harder for search engines to crawl because it ca n't just scan for and follow regular hyperlinks .
the client-side routing is programmatic so it has to run javascript .
it can still get indexed but it 's not going to show up in results as fast as a static site .
if your business relies on lots of changing content getting indexed as fast as possible that can be a problem .
you can do ssr though to get around that .
anyone who puts reagan as a b-level president is fucking historically illiterate .
one of the problems in the way you described this to a primarily us audience is i have no idea what centre left '' or centre right '' means in a canadian context .
i 'm gently assuming the centre right '' falls somewhere along the lines of joe biden 's policies but i have no idea .
lol just use powerpoint and press remove background for the hat
i have heard of that one crazy that they managed to get it alive !
i give my buddy shit all the time for still using his .
a day they slept in late and cut first period https imgur.com/a/voelexl
no doubt even better than sis ... https imgur.com/a/odghhc2 ntr
please support the artist by purchasing their work if you can core magazine https www.coremagazine.co.jp/comic/comic/jorori
the main mission does have skk as seen in main story chapter 3 destiny .
my interpretation is that akagi got rescued or cloned by sirens after main story chapter 3 and vdir
i 'm happy to walk you through the differences between the simulations that you ran if you 're still interested .
just leave a comment here and i 'll reply with more details .
ficalc has a few differences with cfiresim that i think further improve the algo .
i do n't have all of the differences on hand but the fi calc algorithm is thoroughly documented in the guides https ficalc.app/how-it-works/one-simulation-year https ficalc.app/how-it-works/one-simulation-year
there is a new cfiresim that was just released that may improve upon the previous algo and it is worth checking out !
it does n't yet support limiting the years of data used but i 'm sure that feature will return soon .
to add to that the british and other european colonialists did not look to integrate like their predecessors .
the british viewed india as merely a satellite colony or really just a landmass from which they could extract resources out of .
the prominent dynastic rulers like the mughals on the other hand made india their home .
their seat of power was in india and effectively settled there .
hi definitely not saving/making more on the measly 214 a week than i was working i 'm dad .
i 'm sure he/she saw at least a few trucks so this then stated rolling .
notice they were not moving at all for a while .
a ketchup/mustard squeeze bottle makes it way easier and precise
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
nice of them to give him some bud light to try and sober him up a little .
exomecha is the number 1 game i 'm trying to enjoy
hopefully i can win this my pc died recently and it 's my only source of income would be a lot of stress lifted if my shoulders
what i do is usually look up multiple guides on youtube and soak in as much information on a skill i want to play then i use the knowledge of why you use certain pieces of gear and gem set ups and adjust to what i want .
most builds use lower budget items so i self upgrade them in the builder or combine different items or flasks from all the builds into one to try and min max the build since i know if it would be 150 ex it would n't matter to me but that would be a big deal for other people .
i pretty much on every build i do have it custom tailored and usually on poe ninja i do n't see anyone have my combination of items or passive tree so it makes me feel alittle better that i 'm not using a copy of someone else 's build .
i have spent hours among hours inside pob for atleast 30 builds .
but its so worth it to understand so much about the game
there 's a ton of things you can do before getting anywhere near surgery or botox .
i 'm fairly close in age to you and have had tmd issues going on now for a little over 3 months .
i went and saw a great oral surgeon who figured out exactly what was causing the issue immediately and sent me off to physical therapy starting monday .
i know all of this is quite expensive without insurance but it 's quite better to get it figured out in its infancy stage before it gets worse .
some lady at my oral surgeon came in and said she 's been having issues for over 15 years and was expecting an instant fix !
you 're not bad for waiting until your god to warm up .
youre bad if you dont just go get bdk at 4 minutes and kill them
no gaddock teeg cares about the casting cost printed on the card not what players actually pay .
so even if your opponent casts an expropriate and only pays two mana for it they ca n't because the casting cost is 9 .
however they could cast an overloaded cyclonic rift because the casting cost is still 2 .
not even the cccp flag hanging on my wall reminded me .
it should last you 5 years especially given the upgradability present on it which is unheard of in thin 'n lights .
but as you know how well a electronic item lasts is kind of like the roll of the dice so ca n't say for sure .
also regarding service it depends on where you are from .
msi does n't have that many service centers outside major cities .
after sales service is usually an afterthought for most companies with only dell keeping its promises in my experience .
pretty much the best bang for the buck ultrabook in the market at the moment
how long have you been waiting to drop this ?
that 's sixty pounds in six months which is double the recommended rate .
i dropped twenty pounds in a month and it gave me gallstones .
horrifically painful stuff i eventually had to have my gallbladder removed .
not anti weight loss i dropped 80 pounds a few years ago but be safe out there .
you 're really smacking harry potter in the face comparing it to that tripe .
none of the characters had sex until college and mr. feeny would just switch jobs so he worked wherever cory happened to be attending school .
i hope morgan freeman is not a satanist then .
oh by the way guys avoid the scp site as a whole at the moment last i heard the original admins were overthrown by a bunch of tumblerites who got angry over their homestuck stanning space entity with so many abilities it was practically scp-001 being removed .
they also ran off the creators of scp-106 173 and 049 i think
beside that do you have any different build for him ?
the recipient of a gift is never responsible for taxes on it .
that does n't look like a 48 x 12 pants size on roger to me
shout out to my favorite mod group since oblivion .
nehrim was the first game i played by sureai .
why is there a shad of white behind said sale good sir ?
it 's sad that it has come to this but yeah
it looks like china king at 6601 sugar valley dr 103 is open and the family that owns it is really nice .
evergreen over at nipper 's corner is also open it seems but i prefer going to china king since they are nicer and the food is a bit better .
yeah you uploaded the lower half of his face only lmao .
take 5 seconds and read up on presidential pardons .
you do realize that offensive pass interference is a thing right ?
i 'm sure you have done a lot of them .
like any normal person i 'm not going to give a shit as this stuff looks cool as hell
god what i would do for the bone abominations and other scourge as gw minis .
the people in the apartments nearby they evacuated the buildings dude .
if your opinion differs from mine on something as subjective as a movie or a game then what 's the point arguing about it ?
most of the time i 'll see people talking about a game that i like and they 'll say it sucks or its garbage because they did n't like it .
i might say well that 's just your opinion '' because it 's a subjective opinion .
obviously i do n't think it 's garbage because i liked it .
but if their opinion is that it 's just garbage then i do n't think they 're really up for a real conversation about it .
shawn cee fucked with it but gave mtbmb a 3 and said em should retire 💀
i didnt mean that they absolutely need more recoil .
just that there needs to be a balancing to the guns if they will remain as they are .
as it stand now you have to use the dmr or you are using an inferior gun .
and that is not a fun thing in a game imo .
also i honestly wouldnt mind more recoil on most ars tbh its kinda stupid that you can beem an ar at ridicoulus ranges .
i would rather like to have the guns filling more specific used .
smg/shotty for clos ar for mid sniper/dmr for long range .
and that there would be a clear distinktion between them .
now if only they showed this much respect to innocent people they harm and kill and dogs they shoot when they bark .
remember the cop that shot a small dog for barking and hit a little girl in the process ?
filesystems get mounted when they are in use and can be unmounted otherwise .
this is a fundamental linux concept if you dont know how mounts and filesystems work then kali is defiantly going to not be what you want .
it makes perfect sense that the hard drive filesystems would be unmounted from a live usb until you access them .
i ca n't wait for this clown to get the fuck outta here jesus fucking christ it 's something else every goddamn day with this guy
so a household member tested positive with a rapid test yesterday .
i was going to wait until tuesday to get tested for my job 's quarantine but with cases going up do y'all think i should get tested now ?
i 'm just not sure if i 'll get my results before i go back to work .
the only symptoms i have are congestion and a slight sore throat .
i kind of wish the links awakening remake had been more like that .
do you think this is where eric andre got the idea for the entrances on his show ?
ahhhh ... let 's take a moment to reflect on last seasons christmas day matchup
in my experience the poorer you are the more likely you are to have numerous pets .
that logic you just used is the exact logic the police use to crack protestors in the teeth when one of them throws a firework .
every single protestor who does n't turn in or stand up to their shitty fellow protestors for bad behaviour is just as guilty as the protestors committing the act .
i am in love with the modern perseus looks absolutely stunning .
that 's an awesome way to never to cards again !
judging by the discs i believe it was distributed in brazil the titles are in portuguese and well i did buy it here but there might be a us version as well .
but i think you could get it on ebay .
here https www.ebay.com/itm/jurassic-park-blu-ray-25th-anniversary-collection-steelbook/323207518738 ? epid=26018042386 hash=item4b40ab5a12 g cciaaoswhfla4yml is the same steel model i believe .
if that does n't work there is one in mercadolivre basically south american ebay https produto.mercadolivre.com.br/mlb-1529686298-blu-ray-jurassic-park-col-25-anos-steelbook-_jm position=1 type=item tracking_id=f481398f-5ffd-4f8b-a69a-ce4403c2df54 but i do n't know if they ship internationally .
i 'm just going to add that there is a 4k release as well with a similar art but it is n't exactly a steelbook .
this one https www.ebay.com/itm/jurassic-park-25th-anniversary-collection-4k-uhd-blu-ray-blu-ray/392927726361 ? hash=item5b7c514b19 g nugaaoswcvzftwok and this one .
hey ya know it is okay to admit when you just do n't understand something .
can we agree that different parts of code being interconnected to the point where fixing one breaks the other is bad design ?
sure huge games are complex but that 's the art of programming separating complex code bases into simpler isolated independent parts .
i built an rtr-block borborygmos deck 60-80 lands a few ways to give him infect .
a few flings and a few act of treasons .
besides the axe and jeans i welcome socks and underwear .
just like a new slasher remake is a new film
edit also really like the one she did with the rapper ca n't remember who it was i think it 's called roses ?
imagine not using a cloud buster replica sword anf splitting yourdelf in half in times square like a chad
bruh cook could be so amazing sometimes so shit othertimes
flew all the way to paris for a questionable looking continental hotel breakfast ?
carti is only carti because he experimented hard to get his style .
imagine the first few times he let that voice fly ?
he prob got laughed out of so many rooms but ended up w 2 famous albums in the end .
i should add to the below comment as well that the store manager would see this dm in the parking lot sometimes sitting for a long time and call the cops on him for loitering or being suspicious late nights and all .
none of that changes the logical fallacy that because an aircraft is in the air it is all good ...
i mean if that statement were true there would never be a failure and yet there have been many of which i am well aware .
anyone who watches 2 new model aircraft have catastrophic failures in 6 months and then has the manufacture refuse to accept that there 's a problem with the aircraft ... and does n't have a healthy fear of that aircraft and that company ... is the one fooling himself .
i never really see them claim jews are inferior though
here in the netherlands we already have 2 days of christmas
has probably about 100 rolls of 1950 dimes and tons of quarters
nobody talks about boston as a real small ball type team even though outside of tt it 's 6'8 and under because theis has held up well enough .
but you 've seen it show up for parts of this quarter with these allen and dj offensive boards and lobs
probably one of the safer ways to use the oils so long as you are n't allergic to whatever oil is in there .
honestly i think you can do this in a lot more situations than people realize if you understand that the behavior is about preserving your own sanity and dignity and that what you fear in being fired could happen to you at any moment anyway even if you behave yourself .
i have lived in my car before and i 'll do it again before i let you walk around acting like i 'm scum just because some genius gave your ass a managerial title
and from what else i 've heard is he 'd be a pretty good golfer without that and does n't need to do it to have respectable scores .
i cant even afford 1 of the new gens .
so i have to save up and purchase the one that i will use more .
which for me is the xbox because years ago i preferred the controller to the playstation controller .
then my buddies all got a xbox for the same reason and that 's what we have been on since .
the people who convinced them should not be allowed treatment of any kind .
it 's just not worth the risk to me i have other options ! ! !
it would be different if the post could demonstrate a consistent issue with coming across a lot of cheaters all of the time but this just shows an isolated incident .
damn sears is really grasping at straws flexing that rca 09 award
just wait until you see my do n't tread on me one and the 2a one
yes but also it 's questionable right now it 's only confirmed that she 's been with women thus far so while it can be questioned for the time being we at least know she 's for sure into women atm
that beautiful 1 second when the price and volume chart show their hand followed by the background noise of 1000 autist millennials rheeee'ing their collective hopes and dreams into the stock market casino .
my mom died several years ago and one thing i learned from that experience is that she would have preferred we were not there .
in fact she passed when most of us finally left the room to get food in the hospital dining area .
a nurse told us that folks often die when loved ones leave the room .
also even though we were all there through some of her suffering i am pretty sure she would have preferred that we did n't see her like that for the last time .
we are a family that says that to each other all the time something we learned from her .
so being there while she moved through the final stages of dying did n't do her any good .
seeing her dead is a vision i will never escape though the years have dulled it and i carefully do n't think about it now .
i 'm not sure i recommend 'being there ' when someone dies .
i knew he was sick but the death was a surprise .
as was the death of my beloved nephew this summer .
in a small way it is lovely that i did n't see the final passing .
they are alive in my imagination just off living their life as they used to .
that 's been a powerful tool for my recovery .
he definitely is the best spiderman to me too i grew up watching him .
the difference is tobey 's character is more mature and i loved it .
to se događa kad te svaki dan bombardiraju strahom on svoj strah racionalizira tim da će pomoći svome dedi .
oh i 'm so sorry that she left you for because of cancer .
pleaae know that you are loved by other people and that the world will lose a gentle soul .
and i love our kiwi mates but they were shithouse last aussie summer .
that is very unprofessional i 've had celebrities buy from my shop and i keep that information private .
at most i will mention so-and-so but such and such to friends but not publicly .
this is just such a random little thing that brought me so much joy !
it 's almost like you 're my baking soul mate 😄 i 'm planning on sharing locally for now and shipping some bakes in january .
try downloading the video directly from tiktok and then uploading it here .
if you would like to put the source you may do so in the comments .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tiktokcringe if you have any questions or concerns .
so you think it 's a better idea to let them possibly infect everyone inside ?
because not only would they have to avoid that person by more than 6 feet they 'd also have to avoid everywhere that person went for a long time while the particles are suspended in the air during which it would disperse through the whole area .
outside it would n't be that big a deal but that 's not the case .
yes but the moon is so close that its gravitational pull is moving our seas and the sun is a burning star .
none of that is the case with saturn and jupiter and just b/c they will be as close to each other as they possibly can that event will not shift or in any way alter our dna our consciousness like you are speculating .
and even if it did so who says it would be in a positive way or get us to the next level of whatever ?
it could just as well cause us a massive headache or more cancer cases then no ?
if for some reason they only initially allocated it as a tiny int '' char at one byte and then had to reallocate it as a short int/small int at two bytes when you get over 255 of an item that literally is double the amount of bytes !
so as we can see that 's ... a few bytes
there 's probably some serious spaghetti code in there .
lentil and bacon with buttered crusty bread to dip in
you had the chance to discuss this seriously but you decided to act like a child .
i 'm not giving you any more than this .
i was in the computer biz back in the 90s .
back then if a politician could send and receive email with an attachment we were thrilled to have an ally in power .
now it is an expected skill for anyone to have .
we do n't need a super coding tech-bro we just need someone who has been exposed to it and has more than a basic understanding of how networks and computers work .
will you please draw a city pigeon wearing a blue pointy wizard hat with white stars ?
i lifted 3 days before my most recent half .
i pr 'd it so there is certainly no reason you ca n't lift but i would n't be doing a lot of heavy leg/back work .
as best i recall i actually did some deadlifting and squatting but low reps/weight just enough to keep my body feeling 'normal ' and then when i ran that weekend i felt pretty fresh .
i think for a half there does n't need to be a ton of tapering down in activity .
it is the bushes absolutely and a shitload of other republicans .
would n't it be the same as the world warrior points ?
when i saw the x-wing i thought republic was gon na save them ... but then it was only one x-wing ... that didnt add up .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansasstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
even voor de duidelijkheid dit is niet hoe we allemaal spreken in limburg .
why do these people feel the need to climb everything ?
the whole point of having an executive branch is having someone who can act decisively in a crisis .
legislatures are bad at that as we 've seen .
if you remove this sort of power from a governor what powers do they really have ?
they 're a figurehead for the state and a pen to sign laws and that 's about it .
the only law that 's left now is the one that requires the legislature to consent to emergency continuations .
the legislature has zero incentive to have a realistic assessment of whether an emergency is actually happening .
their incentive is re-election full stop and they will say whatever it takes to win their seats .
in split government situations like we have now that means the people will suffer at the expense of politicians ' careers .
6 is in the artic or some snow covered place at least .
saving that for my next day off to properly enjoy it .
if you watched the aston villa burnley game ull know that all cleansheets are possible .
you would have a third share in a house counted against your debt and at least a third share in a mortgage counted against your outgoings for affordability .
a wise lender would count all of the mortgage against you as you would be jointly and several liable for the whole lot .
your share of the house would count as an asset of yours in issues such as bankruptcy divorce or death it would have to stay in your name because no lender ever is going to let you raise a mortgage over a house of which you are not the beneficial owner .
the mortgage would be weird and complex because your presumably elderly parents would be difficult to evict for repossession if you as what are essentially buy-to-let landlords defaulted .
you would not be eligible for any first time purchaser discounts or offers including on stamp duty .
u/hkei has it absolutely right do n't do it .
jp would lose the spear in some foolish half baked offensive move
jp would go on to write the best selling 12 rules to winning close combat spear fighting ''
eleven days from heartrow no updates another missing for weeks .
i agree but do so knowing that you 're likely going to lose them .
a team like us struggling every damn time with corners is shameful tbh
there 's zero reason to believe this is n't the third book of the mandalorian .
the only reason i bought mario party was because of the green and yellow joy cons .
if you have a kid under 10 do n't bother even trying to adopt .
your submission has been flagged and is currently under review as it might break one of our rules
rule 9 do not share or ask for pictures of non members of this subreddit https www.reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/wiki/rules wiki_rule_9._do_not_share_or_ask_for_pictures_of_non_members_of_this_subreddit
your submission has not been deleted it will be approved or deleted after reviewal from a moderator .
false positives can and ocassionally happen please wait for your post to be approved this helps us make the necessary adjustments to avoid future errors .
attempting to bypass this in any way will result in a permanent ban .
post title 24 m4a hung and looking to show off send me the username if anyone you like and i 'll send them a live dick pic and screenshot their reaction for you name same as here
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtysnapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
check out our list of common succulents https www.reddit.com/r/succulents/wiki/commonsucculentids .
this list only shows a small selection of the most common plants you may find your answer there !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/succulents if you have any questions or concerns .
what kind of music are you interested in hearing first ?
something with a more dark tone or a more happy neo-soul jazz album .
some people i know that run a 34 length als holster complained it caused their 19 to sit too deep .
why do you think we are doing these things this year and have n't done these things in previous years ?
why ca n't we use overflow hospitals ie nightingale for covid patients ?
what would an alternative to lockdowns be in your approximation ?
one other thing i would suggest is this team is or team leader in with the r5 chat so they can be told when to hit so not just anyone can come crawling to enforcers to hit anyone who pisses them off lol !
tad offtopic just finding it funny how different people can be with their crimp type strengths .
in my case if you changed around open hand and half crimp you would be describing my problems .
aka recently i 've been trying to get into half-crimping tad more again but one of the things that makes applying it during actual climbing so hard is just because how bad i 'm at it it is so many steps below what i 'm used to that it gets real tricky even knowing and finding stuff that i could half-crimp instead d
i have n't played it in a while but did they add anything new to resistance after they added jill ?
fbi arrests woman for sending pictures of a mutilated body and threatening the family of election official who refused to certify biden 's win in michigan
did you really just edit your comment because you got down voted ?
your post was automatically removed because the title is all lowercase .
please repost your submission with a title with proper capitalisation .
keep in mind titles also need to be descriptive and objective .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thenetherlands if you have any questions or concerns .
the pelikan 's perch would be a good place to identify it .
i think the 400 is a good guess but the w germany stamp means it from the 80s to 1990 i believe .
i got in a fff add on sale for somewhere around 20 and may consider this one just for that product
i 'd have a floor of a big ass house that would just be a complete maze to anyone who attempts to navigate it .
except me of course who has navigated my way directly to the camera room and is watching obvious hilarity ensue .
i was thinking more for the students in class .
what bothers me the most about this is that they just dropped it on us and expect us to do it .
they give more and more work and i 'm just done .
i wonder what the safest mode of public transportation is
no mention to the sound design or anything sound related .
i feel sad for you op you 're missing an amazing part of games/media/art .
the voice acting general effect quality and sound mixing track selection and genre variety all is overall pretty amazing for gaming standards .
question was your date invalid date or was it finally updated to a shipping date ?
he said he 'd have fun with her if i remember right the implications being fairly obvious
there 's only that much play in an do each day ...
just by playing plunder i 've unlocked all the weapons but the striker and the barrett i unlocked it during a mp weekend .
depends on the challenge but i just land on superstore that 's where a big of the lobby lands so you 'll have a chance .
it takes more time than playing the mp but it can be done .
just be sure to quit the game everytime you complet a part of the challenge .
for example if you have to get 3 kills in a game get those three kills quit the match and find another one you wo n't lose the challenge progress .
i dont feel like v is a weak protagonist at all imo most of the ones you described are mostly non talkative lol .
i liked v allot and i hope we see more of him in the future
course i just hit one in my vehicle when i was doing 70mph .
a reminder if you are seeking resources in your local area please provide that in the post so that users can share appropriate links and phone numbers .
if you are in distress please call 9-1-1 or your local emergency number .
if you are having suicidal thoughts please click here for a list of crisis support services .
http www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html if you are seeking therapy online please click here for a list of counselling services .
https thelifelinecanada.ca/pattern-interrupt/ecounselling if you feel well enough to do so please do your part to enrich this community .
now that you have posted please leave a constructive helpful comment on someone else 's post .
filter by new to find posts with zero comments .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mentalhealth if you have any questions or concerns .
pranks are only funny when nobody is hurt that 'd just be mean .
luffy just turned to her and basically tells her she 's next .
yeah kind of but consider this there is a videogame where kratos can fight master chief in epic skill-based fight and the get rekt by real cat-man .
btw i have kratos costume in fortnite and yes i play fort
btw2 yes i absolutely agree with the fact that it is real cringe and character-ruining thing that such a brutal character like kratos is in the cartoony game where he can do stupid little dances .
so after logging out and in i did get the day 1 booster then it went back to what my original screen shot looks like .
gave it a few days then tried logging out and in again no change .
pretty sure you can put in a huge number on the tether slider ... but your game could get laggy .
li-ming is great you can play a whole game without dying once .
i did my associate 's degree at one of the perimeter campuses and i loved it but i did n't want to finish up in downtown atlanta .
i liked the psychology class options better at ksu and the minor options .
i do n't regret my choice to transfer because ksu suits my personal goals better but i really enjoyed gsu as well .
yeah what 's he talking about i pay good money to watch those
laundry shoot i want to take my clothes off upstairs before a shower and have them land in the washer
dance do n't dance before the game i do n't give a fuck .
when i first started playing i was a moira main but overall now i 'm a mercy
i̇s that something you born with or you can learn it
there is no calculus you can do here where being in shape does n't benefit the man in sexual scenarios
5'5 guy with average face let alone an ugly one isnt getting any pussy whether hes lifting or not lmao
any time is the right time for you to post
summary due to covid his treatments have been cancelled which means he 's been in a lot of pain recently and this christmas right-up is n't big enough to justify the effort/pain .
no charge is almost always better than some charge .
did n't play too much last week just the bare minimum .
last time the team beat roxie and burgh and found a lot of good stuff in castelia .
on monday after a bit of training for a very important battle i headed to route 4 but met a scientist with a weird hairstyle in northern castelia city .
he asked us some wird questions and gave us an appointment on route 4 where he challenged us .
boom iv sent his magnemite to 1 health with earth power and did n't take much damage from a magnet bomb .
colress healed it back to full as a lava plume sent magnemite to 1 hp again but also got a lucky burn that kod it .
klink came in and was ohkod with earth power .
colress then used some gizmo to make a bunch of crustle that were blocking the way move .
excellent now we can move on to the scariest battle of this update ...
i tried a quick ball but he broke out and went for a scary face .
razor shell did barely half damage to braviary but aerial ace did over half and scared me .
i switched to ecto as it went for hone claws tried a great ball from the sady guy in the last update but it did n't catch and ecto took just under half from aerial ace .
fortunately the next great ball was successful and amerigo joined the team !
i now have something to cover grass types since hystorically boom 's line has struggled with neutral matchups unless they got a free switch and a team member that 's very strong for this point in the game .
while i was here i went to check out the desert resort and relic castle .
there 's a guy here that told me i was the second person in 2 years to speak to him ... that 's pretty sad but i 'm not surprised when he just gives you soft sand and i only needed to acknowledge him because for some reason i ca n't pick it up on my own .
the first encounter here was n 's sigilyph which i caught but decided not to keep as i ca n't nickname it .
i allowed myself a second encounter that also happened to be a sigilyph but it fainted from the sand before i could catch it .
in relic castle however i got a sandshrew which i 'll keep in the box for now .
before i could reach nimbasa city i had to choose a name and slogan for the new gallery that was pretty empty .
i picked something pretty offensive for both and the owner told me i 'm a marketing genius or something ...
i feel like it 's going to stay pretty empty .
in the areas near nimbasa i caught a couple minccino and a venipede .
the latter probably would 've been added to the team to cover grass but there was some risk when catching amerigo so i 'm using him instead .
a little training later the team was ready to face elesa .
in the last leg boom and patrasche were a little too weak for her so ecto had to do most of the battle but this time around both are stronger boom iv has a great moveset already and patrasche jr. can fight her as a krokorok .
boom iv holding leftovers took 1/5 from pursuit and did less than half with rock slide .
elesa attacked again and i had boom use curse in order to ko the next turn .
i then decided to just boost completely with curse as elesa 's pursuit and quick attack did increasingly less damage after boosting was done i healed boom to protect her from critical hits and kod with rock slide .
flaaffy was next it went for take down doing very little damage and fell to earth power a special move after boosting with curse is new meta .
zebstrika was also a 2hko and could n't do much to boom either .
after sweeping with boom i moved on to driftveil but found owl dealing with team plasma .
after helping his beat them up he told us about his sister 's purrloin and moved on .
driftveil drawbridge gave us a ducklett as our encounter and we reached driftveil city .
there are a lot of good items here but the first thing i did was hear team plasma 's story from rood the sage and received n 's zorua from him ... that i traded for a legacy egg just as planned .
that 's also all the progress i 've made so far i have n't grinded enough for clay yet so he 'll be the first thing i 'll do in the next update i hope you 'll be there to read it .
i like how route 4 has changed since the last game seeing lots of previously buried houses was interesting .
i have to wonder how they 're stopping them from getting buried again though ...
gyms in gen 5 are almost all corridors or do n't have puzzles though thankfully elesa 's does something cool with her 's in this game .
n 's sigilyph almost made me think i had a shiny until i remembered shiny sparkles and shiny sigilyph are different colours .
i always have to look up how to spell sigilyph .
you think you could get away with posting a white square ?
can you give an example of what you 'd like to do ?
if cell got to blue tier in a few months you 'd believe it .
if krillin did it in a few months you would n't .
düşüncelerinizi güzel ve net bir şekilde paylşatığınız için size teşekkür ederim ama mağlesef ki düşünceleriniz yanlıştır .
sonuç olarak yazdığınız metin gerçekle ve bu gerçeğe bağlı olan şeylerle uyuşmamaktadır lakin düşünmeyen kitleden olmayıp düşüncenleriniz paylaşıcak öz güvenli ve aklınızı çalıştırıp bizimle paylaştığınız için tekrardan teşekkür ederim .
it 's a t6 on a 3x3 so it 's kinda overkill even with the bends .
i 'll be pulling everything down tonight and replacing with my backup t4 until i get things tested and figured out .
spine of ish sah https c1.scryfall.com/file/scryfall-cards/normal/front/8/c/8c8ae40b-1c7f-4025-8d25-b09a2d1a29f6.jpg ? 1562274650 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=spine 20of 20ish 20sah sf https scryfall.com/card/cm2/220/spine-of-ish-sah ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/8c8ae40b-1c7f-4025-8d25-b09a2d1a29f6 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text er https edhrec.com/cards/spine-of-ish-sah
vaevictis asmadi the dire https c1.scryfall.com/file/scryfall-cards/normal/front/d/1/d19fdc00-21eb-48dc-966a-6b634dc5a2c4.jpg ? 1562304374 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=vaevictis 20asmadi 2c 20the 20dire sf https scryfall.com/card/m19/225/vaevictis-asmadi-the-dire ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/d19fdc00-21eb-48dc-966a-6b634dc5a2c4 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text er https edhrec.com/cards/vaevictis-asmadi-the-dire
i am independent and had high hopes for nancy .
i think she either got lazy or just did n't care anymore but she should have been the one who orchestrated thr removal of trump from office .
she had quite a few opportunities but always let things slide .
in the beginning i was joking she would be a little more fierce like aoc so i 'd be fine if she were gone .
hey look at that he was n't as good a future hall of famer .
not that there are like 40 new rookies every year .
poor spending habits are a symptom of poverty not a cause .
i 'm failing to understand how having less money causes poorer spending habits .
i 'd argue that being poorer causes you to save money unless you have something like cbd .
jussis i 'm pissed off they legalized it like a week after i emigrated !
if i had enough money i would have an entire room that 's just pictures of me burns and have the simpsons theme song in reverse blare so when a person ever breaks in i can increase the size of my cult .
my pup has been gnawing on bully sticks for a few months now around 2 or so .
i fed him boiled chicken and rice along with probiotics for a week and he was back to normal .
he chewed on bully sticks the entire time probably should n't have to be honest .
3 days later i 'm incorporating his regular kibble into the rice and chicken and he 's back to diarrhea .
has anyone had the experience of their dogs and stomach upset with these ?
i 'm reading all mixed reviews online and ca n't find anything definitive .
i talked to the breeder i got him from and they said the same had been affecting their dogs for a week or so and my sisters pup has been having a bout of diarrhea as well .
the vet did a stool analysis and all came up well .
i 've always been an anxious person so i 'm obviously overthinking this but my main concern is that everyone seems to be talking about being constantly exhausted and finding it hard to get out of bed and that just .
i have no problems with hygiene or keeping the house clean i do procrastinate tasks that i find distressing until the last minute but i still get them done and i 've always done that .
i do feel unmotivated most of the time but i do fine at both work and school .
i noticed that i do n't really do things for fun anymore and my mood is obviously not good it changes between sadness nothing and meh '' my thoughts and perception of myself and the world are so distorted that even i can sometimes see how they make no sense and i do feel like i want to erase myself from existence because that 'd be easier than putting in the work to get my shit together i just do n't do it because i know that 'd be shitty for the people who know me .
like i know they care about me but i ca n't understand why when i 'm actually worthless .
ca n't judge my eating and sleeping patterns too well i 'd say they 're fine but my friend says i 'm just being dumb because my reasoning is that i sleep through more nights than the ones where i wake up at 2am or ca n't sleep at all ... that happens but not often enough for me to consider it a problem .
in the last few days i ca n't concentrate and forget just about everything that happens during the day i have a hard time recalling what i 've done even when i know i 've been really doing things .
but my issue with all of this is that i do n't think it 's constant or been going on long enough for an actual diagnoses ?
i guess i 'm scared that i go there and get told that there 's nothing wrong with me and then i 'll have to somehow just solve this on my own .
i 'm seeing a psychologist usually but we 're on a holiday break for a few weeks and all of this has escalated only in recent days so the last time we talked i did n't bring it up .
i 'm seeing her for autogenic training so the sessions have a pretty much fixed schedule and sometimes i think it helped already with my anxiety and in making an conscious effort to not isolate myself from my friends but when i have to practice on my own it just falls apart and it feels like i got anxiety swapped for depression .
i do n't know how to put in the work to help myself and i guess that 's the real problem here .
i know i need therapy because even if i get put on meds or something my issues wo n't just magically go away but i do n't think i can be proactive enough to go after the help i need if that makes sense .
i do n't know why i wrote all of this now i feel weird lol .
as a singer i figured out that stoner voice is something to do with bad posture and breathing habits when you get high the problem just becomes more obvious .
i wonder if it works the same with lazy eyes ?
so like i just started playing again and i 've seen this korean ap eclipse kai'sa build which i gave a few tries and it seems like it 's a bit weak .
i need help if eclipse is viable or not ?
also please suggest some kai'sa builds which is more ap than ad since i prefer to snipe people from afar with my w. would mean a lot thank you !
hello repfam hope you guys have had a joyful christmas .
and thanks for taking part in our latest edition of giveaway event https www.reddit.com/r/sugargoo/comments/kis662/brother_sam_yin_2020_final_giveaway_with_sincere .
to claim the prizes please contact the seller u/brother_sam_yin on reddit or via whatsapp .
you could find his contact info on his reddit profile .
then you give him your shipping info brother sam yin will ship the item directly to you .
i 'm looking for a friend around my age a teenager and a study buddy that i can study with .
a little about me i read manga and occasionally watch anime i play basketball recreational and practice martial arts .
can we talk about spoiler s how good momoharu has been these past few chapters .
am i the only one here that still cant get the upgrade ?
i also made a turkish acc for some people were saying that it works with turkish account but doesn not any solutions ?
my aunt arrived from out of town to attend the funeral of my grandpa .
i have n't even thought about my weight loss journey since my grandpa died .
it 's been blood transfusions and hospital visits and quick microwaveable meals this past month .
four months ago i weighed 209 pounds at 5 feet 2 .
my aunt has always been the type to tell me to lose weight every time she sees me .
when she saw me yesterday she was in disbelief as if the concept of me actually putting in effort to lose a few pounds was n't possible in this or in any other universe .
she asked me about it openly in front of a few other people and would n't stop pestering me about it .
this was a time of mourning not a time for prying into the reasons of losing weight .
the thing is i lost an additional 5 pounds drastically because i lost my grandpa .
i was in shock and grappling with a sudden curveball right at the end of the year .
i found out later that she asked all around including the help and my mom if i was dieting if i was starving myself if i was taking weight loss pills .
they told her i was strict with my calories cico .
she confronted me again and demanded many times i tell her my current weight .
which i do n't see as a topic of great importance .
she also commented on how i was going to fail with calorie counting and that i should only trust keto because it helped her lose 7 pounds .
when i finally told her i was 177 pounds her response was so you 're that big huh ?
sorry if you 're privy to the whining of a young adult .
unsolicited comments about your weight loss should n't bother you either .
i exercise and calorie count for myself and the future i am fighting for not for the opinion of a meddling aunt .
i just wish people were more sensitive of the questions that they ask .
i still ca n't believe i actually had it in me .
the new year is fast approaching and we have dinner with one seat emptier but there is still good in this world to be found .
to whoever is reading this the only opinion that truly matters is the ones you make of yourself .
i have a design planned with a meme phrase .
i looked it up and there 's a similar phrase two words longer that 's trademarked .
probably a company who wanted to bank on the meme because they trademarked it the exact year it became popular looking at google trends .
however they only have the trademark on certain items and not on apparel .
a redbubble search is giving out only a few hundred results which is highly suspicious .
does a trademark only apply on an exact phrase or everything that 's similar ?
assuming it 's still an issue would de-activating all the items covered by the trademark be fine or would the system not care and just ban blindly ?
just say that luz decides to time travel to prevent eda 's curse from ever happening but along the way she gets distracted with getting into shenanigans with young eda and lilith .
what funny/interesting things can you see happen if they interact ?
how would luz react to seeing young alador and odalia ?
some people asked for an update so i am back with a quick update – edit i wrote more than expected .
i have a lot of project to finish and i do not have a lot of time .
i am doing okay like i mean i am not in deep depression or dealing with it badly .
most of the pain was to realize that the person i marry was not the person i thought she was .
i mean i believe that people change and i also believe that at any time you can be a totally different person and not recognize yourself .
i am stronger that i thought i was i thought she was everything and i never thought i could be able to get out of that marriage to be totally honest as some of you noticed .
but to be betrayed like that from the person i thought i knew that was an interesting experience .
i am going to talk a little bit about my process maybe it can help someone ...
i read a lot of philosophy nietzche sartre epictete marcus aurelius etc .
and some psychology like real stuff – carl jung mainly but freud helped me as well .
i have the chance to be educated so that helped me to understand myself and what was happening i stop seeing one of my shrinks because she was not helping at all by going back to my childhood and the problem i had with my dad – like come on my dad is not the issue i am fucking divorcing .
i realize that despite my education i was blind by love by her ? .
but i am not awake yet the road is long to a total recovery .
so mainly i had those nightmares of her with him i never saw his face and that helped me a bit to process .
i had visual illusion of seeing her with him out of nowhere in the middle of the day but mainly in the evening when i was tired and i kept hearing her saying to me i want to sleep with him her asking the permission and stuff that she told me and really traumatized me .
like it was hard i had a psychosis moment and i thought she was actually there beside me but i took some heavy medication lorazepam i was not going well back then .
i realize by my reading that if it was coming from me it was my unconscious talking to me and telling me you need to realize your situation you need to see who she really is .
i stop fighting against myself because i was the cause of all that .
i mean she did what she did but it was me torturing myself with that .
so i decided to listen to myself to listen to my nightmare and my illusion because i understood that it was a part of me that wanted to help me not torture me for no reason .
i accepted my situation i accepted the suffering and for what was one of the hardest nights of my life i wrote everything for 5 hours .
all the ideas that came up in my mind i wrote sometimes 20 times the same sentence she told me and that i kept hearing .
i wrote like 15 pages but i processed through everything i listened to myself to what was coming to me and needed to be written .
that was two weeks ago since i am getting way better it worked well but i would not say that i am doing great .
i accepted the shadow like that other part of myself and i am listening to it because if i do n't it will express itself from one way or another .
this week was particularly harsh i am not working well and have a lot to catch up on a few projects .
i have a really good doctor i see her every week and she told me to work today and take tomorrow off .
i see her every week because i am still on medication i take 10mg of diazepam to sleep every night .
we are trying to lower the dose but yeah right now i am in a bit of a melancholic period so it 's complicated .
i am also trying to not smoke it used to be a habit but i stopped for her so it 's tricky but i am trying to not fall back into total nicotine dependence but sometimes i need to and it 's the only drug that help me with my mind and on which i am still productive but i do n't smoke that much .
my family is expecting me to be happy '' during this period and it is easy to act but it 's exhausting me .
like i mean i do not want to be the buzz kill during this period especially because i used to be with my family in law and it 's my first christmas – new years with my mum in a long time .
nobody understand how hard it is for me and i do n't want to show any weakness call it pride or whatever but only my doctor and the shrink know how hard it really is for me .
the pain is still there but i am getting stronger .
right now i feel weak but i guess it 's normal to see things like that from the outside .
the most important part is that i accepted what happened to me and i am listening to myself .
i still talk to her way too much i know it 's bad but right now i am focus on myself one step at a time i wo n't go back with her but going no contact is too hard for the moment .
the doctor said that it was okay even if it makes the healing process longer .
yeah it 's hard but i am holding on and i hope that you guys are also okay in this difficult period – it can be difficult to be understood .
i hope all the best for you i am still struggling but when i look how bad it was for me last month it gives me hope for the next months .
i hope you are having great holiday period and i really wish you a great year 2021 .
thank you for being there for us me but mostly all the other people that really need you .
i am so thankful that you opened my eyes this forum really gives me hope in humanity .
there is so much love and support it is a really beautiful thing to see .
so thank you guys and take care of you and your family 's i love you and thank you again for all the support i got when i really needed it .
yessss fuck meeee ! i scream as you bent me over the open window sill sticking half my body outside .
my large breasts wildly swinging as anyone who bothered to look at the half naked girl screaming outside her window would see my tits jiggling back and forth .
on second thought this was likely not the way we should have been having sex .
we had been on the run for a few weeks from the italian police .
both of us having ties back to the mafia and in fact i was a mafia princess who was actually set to take over one of the biggest family 's .
you were my right hand man and partner since we were young .
we had always competed in everything we did and eventually when we learned more about the business you had become one of my most faithful servants not to mention henchmen and lover .
fuck ... marianna ! you growl behind me as you empty your load inside of me for the fifth time tonight .
our wild passion always going overboard with screams or exhibitionism as you turn me around and pull me in for a deep kiss .
i love you. i whisper softly against your lips as you kiss the top of my head .
i love you to marianna. you whisper as we embrace each other lovingly and romantically on the warm summer night .
our loving warm embrace was instantly disturbed as suddenly the door broke open and a flood of men came inside .
stacked with weapons and armor as they surrounded us almost in an instant .
i cried out as i pushed you out the window and into the waters below where we had a speed boat ready .
i had always been quicker and stronger than you despite you filling out with more muscle and me with more fat around my ass and breasts .
i stick half way out the window trying to jump before i was grabbed from behind .
a fistful of hair pulling my head back as i scream .
run run away. i scream as i 'm pushed down on the sill .
a knee in my back as i 'm held down and the men behind me rush down to try and get you leaving me with a few .
getting it on while being chased. one of them said as he handcuffed me not the standard ones but ones which locked my wrists together painfully pulling my arms behind me .
let 's have some fun. the one kneeing my back said as his fingers grabbed more of my hair and lifted my upper half .
you could see me through the window as one of the men got behind me and began thrusting himself into me as you sped away in the boat helpless to me being raped by the policemen in the room we had just made love in .
i had been raped for hours before finally getting taken away .
stripped naked and put into solitary confinement as i was awaiting trial .
i grew a bit skinnier and my form lost some of its flexibility as i was chained and locked up .
after 2 years the evidence on me could n't hold up reasonably against my containment likely something you did as i was released .
i was n't the full figured woman anymore more weak and petite as i walked out of the prison .
instantly my eyes locked onto yours and i walked straight into your arms to weak to run as i cried into your chest .
it had been a very long two years of being neglected beaten and raped .
you had taken me home fixed a bath gave me soup to regain my strength .
i had never forgotten about you the whole time as i sat in your lap as you fed me slowly .
as soon as it got time for bed i was shaking as every night seemed like another horror in solidarity confinement .
while i got skinner you had gotten more muscular as you fit behind me and held me carefully .
i could feel you poking me from behind the neglected just for years obviously having an affect no matter what state i was in .
i felt you brushing my hair as i closed my hand around yours .
giving me a soft kiss before i pull away from you .
moving your hand from the side of my face and pushing it against my throat .
i look back as you softly and tears fall down my cheeks .
closing your fingers around my through my delicate skin still bruised from the abuse i suffered in prison .
make me your marianna. i whisper the first words i 'd spoken since i 'd gotten out as i gasp and my eyes roll upwards feeling your hand close around my delicate throat .
i 'm looking for a partner who can continue on from here .
a story of bringing the old marianna back while also extracting revenge on every single one who hurt her .
a story of romance and sadism mixed with story and not only the lovey dovey scenes .
some men did horrible things to her and she 's going to do them back ten fold to themselves and their families .
would love for the partner to be a woman to !
although the bigger and more muscular build is a must for me !
bought nh5 on release date but life got in the way so today was the first time i tried online racing .
my son who drives backwards around the track can race cleaner than most of these folks .
i 'm trying to start this quest so i can start acquiring umbral engrams but it says i have to visit lo which is n't even in the game anymore .
just moved to whitemane almost lvl 60 alliance rogue looking for a late night raiding guild that takes casuals till i can get gear to raid !
looking for 10pm server starts or anything after that !
because badlands baron has an issue in thats it 's still based around his default animatons despite having a cool design and some nice visual effects .
if he does get updated animations and visuals would you switch from super galaxy to badlands ?
the code will be there for you when you check out
use bye2020 in the coupon codes '' and my code by accessing link in the rewards code '' section for up to 15-17 off ◕‿◕✿
i buy pretty often i 'm a shopaholic what can i say 'dd so lmk if you use my code so i can use yours for my next monthly purchase !
if your island needs a pink octopus to add some pizzazz then she 's just right for you !
edit lightly gifted with a pink pom pom sweater and a dollhouse
a few days before i cancelled my membership but now i 've changed my mind but i 've got no option to buy membership .
will i only be able to buy membership when it my current subscription ends ?
they can be any questions and as long as the target answers them the user gains complete control of the target .
this includes being able to view the targets thoughts .
the target does whatever the user desires like a puppet or a robot and the user can even use the targets hatsu but only through the target .
the user can only control 3 people at a time
the effect ends after either one week or if the target is knocked unconscious
a target with enough aura or willpower could break free of the effect so it wo n't work on someone like netero or meruem
the target must provide a legitimate response to the question for the effect to work even if it is a lie for example i wo n't tell you would not be an acceptable answer
if any of the user 's ‘puppets ' have the same nen type as another he can make them use each other 's hatsu
any target does not need to eat drink or sleep while under control
the user can give a target a long term/vague command and the target will go into an autopilot mode to achieve the task unless stopped by the user
i go to a women 's gym that has a fairly small free weight section with only two squat/bench racks .
due to covid the gym has taped off 6x6 squares so at max there can be 5 people working out two in the squat rack three on the floor .
lately i will go to the gym and both of the racks will be monopolized for at least an hour by women doing exercises that do not require the rack at all think ab circuits curls resistance band training planks box jumps etc .
this is sort of frustrating because i ca n't ask to work in with them because they usually have a mat in the rack and dumbbells barbells resistance bands and towels strewn about the square .
what is the most polite way to ask them to move their setup to another area that is not in the rack almost always there is open free space ?
should i suggest management put up a sign that asks members to only use the rack for necessary exercises ?
or should i just suck it up and wait until one of them leaves ?
i entirely understand that the gym i go to is n't a lifting gym so many of the members might not be attuned to equipment etiquette '' but i want to be able to get my workout in efficiently and not have to wait for 60 minutes just for a rack to open up but i also do n't want to be a dick .
i really like this gym it 's close to my house and i think they do a lot to be covid-safe so i would like to stay at it if possible .
i talked to management yesterday and they seemed open to the idea so we will see if a sign pops up in the next week .
what 's the multiplayer mode of the game like ?
the reason i ask is that a couple of mates have it on the xbox but i can get it significantly cheaper on the pc .
the only reason i 'd buy the game on the xbox is for multiplayer so is it worth it ?
i 'd agree that at least half of the human life in the world was n't planned .
the fact that those with access to contraception still carelessly conceive is just awful .
but on the flipside there are some downsides to being planned .
for starters if your parents tried to conceive for a while in my case nearly two years you can feel like a mistake made on purpose .
nature told my parents no for so long but with modern fertility pills and surgery i was dragged to come to be .
then there 's the matter of just like any two people can accidentally create life any two can plan it as well .
my parents are mentally tweens and some of the most unstable people i 've ever known .
so when you 're planned but have bad parents you can have some dissonance that goes if you wanted me so much why do you treat me like this ?
lastly there 's the fact that so much was done to give me a life that i do not want .
sometimes it feels like being the punchline of a bad joke .
i am on the lookout for a 43x mos and when i find one i will be wanting to add a 507k as long as i can get a proper cowitness .
i have not been able to find supressor sights that fit the 43x but i have been told you do n't need them .
is that true when using the plate and a 507k ?
are you able to get a proper sight picture and not hit high using standard height sights ?
i will probably be adding ameriglo night sights wich from the pictures look like they are maybe slightly taller then the glock plastic sights but i do n't know for sure .
i would also consider just having glock install their oem night sights if they work with the 507k .
i currently use a p365xl as my edc and i really love it one problem tho is you ca n't have an optic without removing the rear sight .
lots of people like to say you can cowitness with the 507k notches but what actually happens if you get a proper sight picture is you hit 5in high at 10 yards which has made me decide to just use the oem night sights with no optic .
i 'd like to have the option of carrying a pistol with a red dot from time to time and the 43x mos seems like the best candidate but i refuse to carry an optic without a backup sight just in case the optic goes down .
i have a vortex venom on my g19 with supressor sights and absolutely love that setup .
the optic has never failed but if it does i 'm still good to go which gives me peace of mind .
sorry this got a bit long winded let me know what you guys think .
they are also called higher trainings '' or superior trainings '' and in that context they are known as higher or superior ethics adhi-shila higher or superior concentration adhi-samadhi and higher or superior wisdom adhi-prajna .
however why are they called higher '' or superior '' ?
the dictionary bod rgya tshig mdzod chen mo which was edited by alak zenkar rinpoche explains why
the precious higher trainings the path which is particularly exalted compared to ordinary people and tirthikas consists of three parts the training of higher ethics the training of higher concentration and the training of higher wisdom .
so by this account the buddhist trainings are called higher '' or superior '' because they are better than those of ordinary people and tirthikas .
hey guys just wondering what would my first goal should be on a brand new account
i look at the comments on social media and a lot people saying the album is not bad and it seems like most of the hate now is just the bandwagon hate .
me and my friend is searching for a smp vanilla java minecraft server
were out for a very vanilla server that means no tp or mcmmo plugins since that makes the game boring in our opinion
now if you have a server that wants us or have a suggestion for a great server you are on then pls dm me
are the grades for the psyc 001 final with anna jenkins not out for others as well ?
if you missed it i did a photo video dump for daddies on my snapchat did you watch ?
i woke up to so many dirty and lovely messages .
i really wan na take new pics and videos of me sucking big cock
if it is possible how can i do it wirelessly ?
do you think ryan will announce the theme before new years
we 're trying to use my old lg g5 as a small tablet and camera for my 9 year old son .
a message keeps popping up across the screen saying mip 67 .
how can we get this to stop popping up ?
we only use it in wifi areas and for games that do n't require internet .
is it normal for the game to sometimes take more than a minute to load whenever going to a new area ?
like biggest offender in my experience is kirito 's tent .
i think the longest it took to load was around 1 minute and 30 seconds
also what is that spinning blue thing at the top right of the loading screen ?
is that something the game shows when loading assets or when connecting to the net ?
this is just a theoretical/discussion post about something i was thinking about today and i 'm interested to hear what others thoughts are .
inspired by the auckland tiny house community post made yesterday .
i was looking on auckland councils website and the minimum freehold land size that can be subdivided in mixed housing urban is 300m² and the minimum size in mixed housing suburban is 400m² exceptions apply .
what would it take for council to change these numbers so section sizes as small as 50m² or 100m² could be developed and a legal tiny house '' could be built on it ?
it would be fantastic to be able to legitimately own '' a slice of land even if smaller in size than what was traditionally expected .
my understanding is that a large part of the current housing crisis is the cost of land .
this is demonstrated by old 1950s houses on 2000m² being sold for millions of dollars .
so if land could be sold in smaller packages it would be more affordable for a lot of buyers who are currently priced out of the market due to high land costs .
there 's probably reasons as to why this will never be feasible etc .
but from a theoretical standpoint how great would it be to buy your 75m² of freehold land and build your own tiny house or buy one within a set of predetermined covenants as set out by the developer of the land .
i might have this view because i never did stims particularly often and now i only take moderate amounts of adderall like once a month but there 's so many other things to do besides choke your chicken for 12 fuckin hours
well the internet should be the perfect place to find help huh ? ...
i do n't know how to use social media .
i have it instagram facebook snapchat but i do n't know how to use any of it .
if i we went to hs together and that 's why we follow one another but we never talked can i respond to your stories or is that invasive ?
that was oddly specific didnt mean it as such but it 's a great example how do you use emojis ?
i snap no one because of that but i do n't even know what to snap if i did !
what do people even talk to each other about with pictures behind it ? ?
and how many people at once is it normal ?
i feel quite left out of the world in general sometimes .
i dont really like tik tok i go on it for 10 mins and i 'm bored .
if we get down to it i guess i just feel out of place .
hot damn dont wan na turn this into a therapy session sorry y'all
i guess these last 2 paragraphs encapsulate who i am quite well .
i 'm vulnerable i dont mind telling people my insecurities reddit anonymity or not my speech as well has my writing have a lot of parenthesis and i 'm goofy and quirky or at least it comes off as quirky and not weird .
the fact that i feel left out in the online world leads me to ostracize myself from the real world cause i feel inadequate in a way .
i dont text people because i tell myself i dont know how to so if i dont see a person i 'll inevitably fall out of contact with them .
i live in a tight-nit college town so all my friends live less than a mile away .
we use to hang out but i moved in with new people that werent part of our extensive friend group so they thought i hadnt been in town for months ! !
the group of friends in question is like 40 people that in one way or another have a regular day to day relationship with each other .
i really fell completely out of contact with all of them ?
i 'm having a hard time conveying the exact thing that 's why i 'm being wordy but it 's been tough so i hope this can help in some way .
just as a last low confidence anchor dating apps just fuck my self esteem .
close to 0 matches and the few i get i dont get a first reply or just get ghosted eventually .
i feel like this is because i dont say the right things at the right time but i dont know how to !
at this point i 've turned this post into a journal entry .
sorry for the caps lock scream feels childish but you 've read this far so i 'm assuming you 're interested enough to bear with me .
as an add on to the tinder thing honestly and modesty aside i 'm not even bad looking .
i 'm no brad pitt i know that but seriously i 'm not bad to look at .
thanks to all who have had the patience to read this far .
i have been learning godot for a while now migrated from ue4 because i have a 2d project and i have come to love the engine since it gdscript is like python i have a 3d project i want to start after and want to know if there are plans by godot to supports mapbox google geocast along the way .
i 've been binging the smp vods and videos lately from techno tommy and wilbur 's perspective up until he died of course and i have largely been enjoying it .
the characters everyone plays are usually interesting although some are better than others and the plot they have going is actually interesting and engaging .
specifically because the plot is built around the characters and not the characters being built around the plot .
anyway after watching most of the streams from techno i was reminded of a similar series that many of the people in this community might not have heard of .
if the name captain sparklez rings a bell then maybe you have but it was a series called mianite .
it too had a large cast of content creators and streamers but the plot closely followed four characters in particular captain sparklez the syndicate project jericho and omgitsfirefox .
all of them except sparklez have since moved on from minecraft leaving the series behind but while it was going it was one of the greatest series on youtube as far as minecraft goes .
it 's a little bit old now but i still go back to it every know and then when youtube content is a bit dry .
the dream smp and mianite both have a few similarites both being started by a group of friends wanting to play a bit of minecraft and stream it which then became a giant series driven by a plot that was manufactured by others on the server .
mianite had a very strong plot made by talented writers for the streamers to discover no i was added to a dm and told to have a heart attack '' none of the streamers knew what was going to happen and crazy talented builders creating giant temples and castles as locations for the plot to continue in .
i 'm having fun watching this new series with new characters .
it almost feels like a spin off from the original '' mianite series but from the same writers .
i can see similar character traits between the two casts .
the captatin a neutral and mature figure much like philza .
jericho on the side of good and order like tubbo and firefox just along for the ride like niachu .
mianite a tale about the calamity caused by gods and their followers loyalty and betrayal .
and dream smp a story about a continent with forces constantly at war with one another deception violence and discs .
as far as i know these two series are the only series that follow the plot formula .
i 'll finish my post with this add captain sparklez to the dream smp .
graham kovich is an organizer for industrial workers of the world iww .
they will be here to answer any questions you have about unionizing at starbucks the iww their previous work at starbucks industrial democracy and anything else you 'd like to know !
graham has been a food service worker since 1997 an iww member since 2012 and an iww organizer trainer since 2013 .
he is also a co-author of the union 's external organizer manual and served a term on the iww organizer training committee in 2016 .
he has trained over 200 iww members as organizers across the us and canada and helped build a committee at a restaurant which won wage increases fair scheduling and recovered stolen wages all through direct action at the workplace .
like other email providers mailfence net is one of the best-known for customer service care on 𝟏𝟖𝟎𝟐 𝟏888 email customer care phone number .
call to contact 𝟖𝟎𝟐 telephone help desk helpline center representative for mail webmail technical live chat usa canada for forgot password recovery mailfence 24x7 hours .
and best-known email service providers today and people have been very reliant on it .
recently this email service was taken over by at t. if you need to sign in to your mailfence account or have forgotten your password you must visit the official website of mailfence .
in some cases you can call our mailfence email support phone number to recover your mailfence email account also .
have you ever experienced a situation where your account was hacked and you no longer have access to it ?
it happens that one person owns many online accounts on different websites and many of us have the same passwords so we can not forget them .
for the hackers however it becomes easier to guess these passwords .
however hacking is not the only reason for losing access to your account .
it happens that you have forgotten the password or you want to change it for security reasons .
like other email providers mailfence provides a simple process for mailfence ting or changing the password .
here are some steps and instructions that may help you access your account again .
you can also contact the mailfence email support number where the technical experts are available .
customer services are available 24/7 and you can call it anytime .
by answering security questionsi was looking at mailfence customer care phone number trading a powerstroke and a motorcycle i had for an ‘mailfence customer care phone number .
i test drove the toll free first and asked if the seller mailfence customer care phone numbered if i left the mailfence customer care phone number idling while we looked at my mailfence and mailfence to make sure it was n't going to overheat .
so as we were getting out my elbow bumped the lock button without me realizing .
then i realized i had left my phone in the cup holder and went to get it .
that 's when we realized i had locked his keys in the ignition with the mailfence customer care phone number running .
so i asked him if he had a spare he said he did not .
so we ended up having to call the cops to come jimmy the door open for us .
took the police almost three hours to show up and the mailfence customer care phone number nearly ran out of gas .
i looked for a new mailfence for about two months until an ad came up .
it was a brazilian 200𝟏 chevrolet s𝟏0 with a 4.3-litre v6 and 42,000 miles on the odo .
when i called the guy he told me that it was already sold to his cousin .
i was in love with the mailfence so in the following days i insisted until the guy put me in touch with his cousin .
after one month of harassment he gave me a call and told me he would sell .
and the meeting was in a different city my home town !
when i got there i found it was also my old neighbour selling the mailfence customer care phone number
• like other email providers you need to go to at t 's official website and go directly to the password recovery page .
• then you need to search for a checkbox named password '' .
you must enter your registered email address and then enter your name .
• in the restore section you need to choose the i 'll answer my security question '' option .
• if your data matches the previously mentioned data you can create a new password .
• enter a strong password and you will be notified with a password mailfence confirmation .
• like other email providers you will also need to visit the official site of at t and complete the second step described above .
• in the password recovery option you must select send me a temporary password '' .
• you will be prompted for an alternative email id that you can access .
after you enter the email id proceed as you type .
• you must enter the temporary password you received in the required field .
• since the temporary password remains valid for a short period of time you must change the password as soon as you log in .
you can change the password if you remember the following points
• first you have to go to the official website of mailfence and to the login page .
• enter your email address and password in the required field .
• then you have to go to the account settings and then change the password .
• when you get there enter the password you remember and create a new one .
major services of mailfence this world 's largest telecommunications company offers numerous great services some of which are highlighted below
equipment instalment programs allowing users to upgrade their handset to a greater version .
enabling database applications e-mail order entry systems employees directories and human resources transactions
intrastate interstate and international wholesale networking capacity to other service providers
allows unused data plans to be rolled over to the next month
and other lots of great services offered by its various services .
mailfence is one of the best-known for customer service care on 𝟏𝟖𝟎𝟐 𝟏888 email customer care in utilizing any of the mailfence goods and services stated above you will need to get more details of its products through the mailfence customer service agents or or are you a customer already with some issues regarding making payments usage checking getting your balance upgrading your wireless devices or having any other queries complaints and suggestions ?
then you will have to make use of our listed contacts details of the mailfence customer service support .
look through carefully so that you will know which of the right number to call for your specific requirement .
like other email providers like other email providers phone number .
call to contact 𝟖𝟎𝟐 telephone help desk helpline center representative for mail webmail technical live chat usa canada for forgot password recovery mailfence 24x7 hours .
i am looking at purchasing a property apartment or townhouse in oslo within the next year .
i will be selling my us properties in the spring to help with the down payment .
my husband and i are dnb customers and i am reaching out to them on getting a loan .
i understand the different prices listed on finn total price felleskost .
i am looking for advice before i start this process .
i have a few questions for you guys after reading past reddit posts and articles i found
if you have sold a place in the states and transferred the money to your norwegian bank account how did you do it ?
we are looking at moving about 6 million kroner if the amount of money matters for transfers .
i am wondering if there is an advantage to a place that 's a freehold or one that 's a borettslag .
any general advice for me as a foreigner buying my first place in norway ?
edit we currently live in oslo in an apartment building surrounded by norwegian families .
we want to integrate into the neighborhood where we live .
we do not have a car but are not opposed to getting one down the road if needed .
we are looking any location that is 15 to 30 minutes by public transit to solli .
there 's a tl dr at the end of the post
sometimes i just want to be able to take notes without the person looking over my shoulder instantly figuring it out .
but encrypting it in my head wastes a few precious seconds unless i 've memorized the whole code .
even shifting the letters one position forward slows me down since it interrupts my train of thought it 's distracting kind of like counting numbers in your head while holding a conversation .
at first i 'd take those notes by exaggerating my handwriting to the point it looked like a scribble to anyone who did n't know it but when i consulted them years later i found that they 'd become illegible to me too as my handwriting had changed .
using icons and adding random letters in the middle was the same they 'd become inscrutable for my current self without a reference sheet listing every rule .
sometimes i 'd substitute random syllabs with japanese hiragana and single-reading kanjis which i can write at normal speed and can still read years later but it 's pointless if the other person knows japanese .
it 'd probably be the same for any pre-existing script .
perhaps i could mix different languages to minimize the risk i 'd probably confuse myself mid-sentence though .
tl dr basically i 'm looking for a system that 's fast and intuitive for the user to apply even if it 's weak .
it does n't matter if someone would be able to decipher it eventually as long as they ca n't figure it out from looking at a short sample for a short while .
the simple substitution ciphers i know do n't fulfill both conditions at the same time since a code that is intuitive enough to apply in real-time usually is n't the most inconspicuous .
if there really is nothing i guess i 'll have to make up my own code and memorize it until i can read it automatically .
it 's a pain but i realize such a convenient system likely does n't exist after all .
i 'm relatively new to posting on reddit but i 've found that sharing my emotions on here is actually really helpful for me when i 'm feeling this way .
so i just finished up my first semester of college and now that i am on break and am not constantly occupied by my schoolwork i am feeling a lot of anxiety about a situation that happened when i was a sophomore in high school .
almost 3 years ago a school shooting occurred at the middle school in my town .
thankfully no one was killed by a student and a teacher were seriously injured our entire community was traumatized i ended up having to do online school because my anxiety was so bad when i tried to go back my junior year .
my younger brother who also has special needs was at the middle school when this happened .
i was at the high school and when the situation at the middle school was happening they began to suspect that there were students at the high school who were planning to do the same thing that day so we went into full lockdown and the swat team came and we had to barricade the door to our classroom .
what really made things worse was i did not have cell phone service in the classroom i was in so i could not communicate with my parents about whether my brother was ok because our teachers were told to not give us any information while we were barricaded .
this also occurred about 5 days before we got out of school for summer break so thankfully i did n't have to go back until the next school year .
there is a lot more to this story but the point i am trying to make is that i am have been thinking about this a lot lately and how i never went to therapy for it because i wanted so badly to just forget it and move on with my life and have a normal summer like every other teenager .
i also went on a trip to europe 2 weeks into summer break so i mainly tried to focus on that .
flash forward to now i still have not brought this up in my therapy sessions .
i had been diagnosed with anxiety and depression prior to the shooting so i have been going to therapy for years but i never expressed to my therapist that i needed to talk about this .
i also find myself invalidating my feelings because i was not actually at the middle school but i still feel so traumatized from what i did experience .
long story short i really just needed to vent about this because i keep it bottled up and then i find myself incredibly anxious with no outlet .
also sorry if anything i said sounds messy or does n't make sense it 's 4 am and i really just needed to get my thoughts out .
i would like to use backblaze 's personal cloud backup however i do almost all of my work on linux .
i saw that the official clients do not seem to support it and only support b2 .
however i do n't want to get b2 as that costs significantly more compared to the personal backup .
additionally the personal backup says the price is per system .
i dual-boot linux and windows does this mean i 'll have to pay twice as much ?
the new one didnt come with a barrel link the barrel link pin was 1k too big .
i put the pin in my drill press and filed it down a 1k to fit .
so now i have problem number 2 ... . i put one bullet in mag and slamed the mag home still didint go into full battery but now i cant get the slide off .
took out the slide pin still nothing mag in or out still cant get the slide off to get the now chambered bullet out .
dont want to fire it out in case the barrel is wrong size .
i dont believe the barrel is but just in case
my teeth were super messed up to the point where i could t close my mouth so i 've been in and out of all kinds of contractions .
braces can vary to put on in terms of time depending on what you need .
i had a full set top and bottom but some people only have partial sets .
i was in my full braces for about two years but that may be less time for you since my teeth were so bad .
what happens is they 'll wipe off each tooth and glue an individual bracket to each with a special dental glue .
after the brackets are on they thread the wire through each bracket and then put the colorful bands on .
in terms of color i 'd go for things that do n't look like food and avoid colors like yellow green or brown .
i would describe it as painful just sore like a bruise .
the soreness is the worst about 1-2 days after .
take some ibuprofen if you can and enjoy some softer foods like shakes smoothies and jello .
here 's a video that explains the process a bit more in-depth
yi seems to be in a pretty good spot rn so you should be fine .
i 'd consider picking up an ap jungler though just so that you do n't end up getting stuck with an all ad team .
personal favorites are evelynn and morgana but and ekko or lillia would be good if you wan na be a little more fighty .
the nfl teams buy their advanced stats not their bullshit analysis .
and there are a good number of pff employees on reddit they defend their company a lot .
i 've got a feeling it 's a directive given how consistently they go after any criticism .
any bills fan can tell you that pff is very shady when it comes to self-promotion .
until about 4 weeks into this season they used to purposely give terrible takes on josh allen because they knew bills fans would react and it pushed up their twitter engagements .
a few employees would openly admit this including one who frequents the bills subreddit .
trolling bills fans was good for business so they purposely published bad takes like duck hodges is a better quarterback than josh allen . ''
this year they came around because he 's having an mvp-caliber season and they have no choice .
does ptv or whoever the relevant authority is own the blueprints and designs so that they can go to which ever manufacturer they want to make more of these trains at a later stage ?
if you want to submit flairs for any transactions you must do so in the current flair thread .
check the sidebar and the top of the sub https www.reddit.com/r/gunaccessoriesforsale for the sticky 'd thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gunaccessoriesforsale if you have any questions or concerns .
mongol camp reveal map capture all mongol camp in a region will reveal the entire region finish game will reveal all mongol camp location
i let my dislusionment with everything to cloud my judgment and lashed out unfairly .
i 'm so salty about the current and future state of affairs i 'm finding difficulty in enjoying anything anymore .
i 'm pissed that i read 1984 animal farm the giver to kill a mockingbird brave new world when i was young and am having to watch the world descend into the very madness i once scoffed at .
i do n't really know how to come to terms with how reality is vs what i thought it would be growing up .
2,221st aw yeah i feel like that 's a record for me
no not a military just 50,000 dudes trained by the us and uk and supported by israel ...
is there a reason you wo n't answer my question ?
he 's generally not a reaction channel ... . wait ...
the terms you 're using incorrectly hijack '' instruct '' tell them to '' etc ... ?
these terms are used for a lack of a better term .
the vaccine is not a sentient living being that goes to your fucking sentient living cells and takes over command like the fbi at a crime scene in a bad cop show .
it 's just about your body responding to stimuli and producing an immune response to a virus .
when you eat an apple and it gets digested do the nutrients from the apple hijack your cells and force them to push insulin acids and water that they otherwise would n't be producing ?
the more you perpetuate words like hijack '' and weaponize them in order to push a narrative the more people are going to see through your bullshit and know you 're just some conspiracy theorist whack job .
damn what did you do to make multiple enfps tell you you 're one step behind hitler ?
uk court you children are not competent enough to make such decisions .
uk gov all you children must study for 11 different exams five days a week for several years even in subjects you probably do n't have any interest in .
this will determine the rest of your life so do n't fuck it up .
you are amazing just the way you are there is no need for photoshop or any of this .
wait is he actually offering to pay the entire premium for both yours and his cars ?
if he 's offering that then he 's clearly been deemed uninsurable and as soon as anything happens he will bounce or come up with reasons not to pay and then you 're stuck with his accident bill and higher insurance if any company will still insure you .
if you would like that sweet verified sexy flair which gets more attention from members then check out our verification process here .
https www.reddit.com/r/sexy/wiki/index/verification verified users are also automatically entered in the contest to have their photo in featured spot located in the sidebar about tab in the app .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexy if you have any questions or concerns .
ca n't replace the whole thing at this time i need to patch this area so i can roll my router table there .
you can se from the pics that one corner is 2 inches lower .
can i just overlay some concrete or do i need to bust out this whole triangle ?
and i was stoned and hungover enough to where my standards were minimal at best .
i do n't have a gi doctor yet due to being on public health the referral could take weeks/months .
which is why i think my gp said start going gluten free now but she did also admit in a follow up email today when i asked her about what the celiac websites say that this is beyond her scope to address .
she said if i get really bad to go to the er and i 'm like ?
i am pretty well isolated only my partner goes out to work but he has his own office and everyone in the office wears masks etc .
i just feel overwhelmed by the conflicting information i 've received .
i may become a nazi if i knew what they advocated for
oh wow ... that was also this year ? ?
i 'm guessing it was just forgotten buried under the pile of other trash ...
you still have time to get out of that fire sell it
we all have the same feelings 😌 you look handsome 😍
remember that at ar40 your 5 artifact chance is around 30 while in the domain unlocked at ar45 it 's 120
i 'm wondering if you guys might have ideas on places where i could use a scale to weigh myself more accurately .
with covid and being in t4 area i 'm thinking of getting an excercise machine to help me lose some weight .
but need to know if it can take my weight in the first place .
i 'm not saying her reaction is n't justified or in any way unusual .
a lot of people would react the same way .
not everybody has the qualities to be a leader and that 's ok .
look at what wrex does when he finds out what you did to the krogan .
tali is a very skilled and very empathetic and caring person ... but she is not bold enough not forceful enough not commanding enough to be an effective leader .
i think this is better we saw how magic gave keys to lonzo and the ending was n't pleasent at all .
it 's good to have a competition and honestly i do n't think playing graham and rozier is that bad right now .
not only will this motivate lamelo but let 's assume rozier continues to play like this charlotte can trade him before the trade deadline and get maybe a pick or two which they can use for future trades to get someone solid to help lamelo .
correct me if i 'm wrong but if it did n't completely evaporate would n't there be a crater ?
the basketball analysis is a good example but not perfect .
in basketball there is a lot of data to make use of .
throw that in a halfway decent machine learning algorithm and the computer will figure out how to make those intangible stats well tangible .
combine that with the literal decades of data and those models are pretty damn robust .
correct me if i 'm wrong but jinjinx and tuner do n't use a machine learning model .
further they are collecting data based on specifically how they themselves play .
which results in an inherent bias in the model they do not address .
from what i 've heard on the chunks of livestream i 've listened to them on they do make pretty absolute claims about character viability .
there 's not a nuance to their statements because again they are using a very specific model limited by cheep deeps and how they themselves play the game .
if they were to detail the potential failings of their model that would be one thing but i 've only ever heard them say x is useless '' or y is n't a relevant factor '' .
which is inherently making the claim that their model is absolute .
it was taken from the volume 16 of the ln .
definitely check out the clone wars and rebels animated shows in that order .
they have a lot of the background information for characters and concepts from the mandalorian and the later seasons of both are some of the best star wars content out there imo .
do n't be put off by the animation quality both shows start off kinda rough but improve as they go .
you can open most jars the way you open a can of beer .
may the tonez have mercy on your wallet fellow traveler .
you said your father 's daughter bought a house .
so would n't you say she was rummaging through forgotten things ...
if you meant the father why did n't you say the father ?
imo a degree is becoming more important in it .
sure it 's not required or many positions allow experience to be substituted but a degree is for life will give you an advantage over others without a degree all other things being equal and will open doors to companies/positions that will not be available otherwise .
if you are going to do this get a degree from a regionally accredited not nationally accredited school .
it 's the only way i can survive what can be an extremely emotionally taxing area of work .
i did do it for a while right out of grad school and it really broke me to the point that i ended up numb and doing a very bad job of my job .
i 've found a good balance now although i still get pushback from clients who are used to social workers who do too much
egypt is an arab country now however and he mixes them all together on purpose .
it 's not meant to be a perfect analogue so much as rhyme with reality .
well the ford focus has 20 hp less but weights less so they most likely will feel the same than the non turbo cx-5 i think any suv with less than 200 hp is sluggish so yeah you 'd definitely tell a difference
no no and no it only does the little vibration bump and then nothing happens
unfortunately your comment has been removed as your account is not active enough to participate .
if you have any questions about this feel free to modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fappleswap us .
my boyfriend works for contract tracing somewhere in the midwest and they laid off most of the contract tracers around september-november since they did n't expect cases to rise anymore for some inane stupid reason .
now their system is absolutely overwhelmed and people working there are constantly jumping ship .
please consider subbing on youtube if you enjoyed it !
i thought i read somewhere that certain birth control pills used to be used as morning after pill if you took the entire month in one dose .
1 pill a day can fuck someone up i ca n't imagine taking 21 in one sitting
the above user marshal231 https www.reddit.com/user/marshal231 is not banned .
always check a user 's profile for consistent recent activity .
click here to see this user 's gcx rep. https www.reddit.com/r/gcxrep/search ? q=author marshal231 restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=new t=all
check if the user is on the usl https universalscammerlist.com/search.php ? username=marshal231
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/giftcardexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
why would you even offer the queen in this situation ?
black can just take your rook and be up the exchange .
the bill president trump called a disgrace ... well mitch forced trump to pass it .
it was humiliating and a low point for the dejected maga leader .
it might be better if you mm0684 had said if your you're a jock instead .
‘your ' is possessive ‘you 're ' means ‘you are ' .
if you think the errors which i found are incorrect please contact me through dms or contact my owner elitedamyth !
it 's been reported adam schefter that an extra game gets them an extra 1b in revenue from tv rights alone .
players have been pushing against this the whole time that 's an extra game they might get injured in prior to the post season .
i think op 's situation is one that should n't have happened .
oh i 'm sorry if this seems like nonsense to you .
it only requires 2/3 of members present that actually cast a vote not voting does n't count .
this is literally the answer to your question though .
giving him your account and you will never have to worry about going back ...
the state of the world makes meeting new people difficult right now .
do you have any advice on how to do that kind of thing once things are safer ?
i 'm quite shy around new people and i find it rather hard to start conversations .
almost like an outsider that does n't really belong in the conversation .
i 'm a senior systems engineer only making 120k at gartner .
are you able mention which company you are working for and if there are any positions open ?
oh yeah and what stack are you working on ?
yeah sorry that was definitely my gripe with that board
hey u/oliverarnoux25 your post has been automatically removed as a spam prevention measure because your account is not 24 hours old yet .
once your account meets this requirement your posts will stop being automatically removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
market has a good bit in the 29-31k range .
ideally 25 which puts me at a higher mile taco .
how tf do you shave it tho it 's fckin impossible without breaking your arms
so by that logic if for example a doctor never experienced pain from kidney stones they should n't treat that condition but let people suffer in agony ?
should only people who had a certain condition be allowed to treat others with that condition ?
sorry but this is stupid this is just you projecting your either sexism or insecurity or both on others .
if you want a female doctor then ask for one there are many others who do n't discriminate like that since sex of a doctor is the least important thing it 's their knowledge and experience that matters the most .
but at the end of a day you are the one who is going to get a subpar quality of treatment if you base your choices of doctors on their sex only rather than their experience so you do you .
i could n't care less if my doctor is a man or a woman i just wan na get the best doctor i can find no matter what condition is affecting me .
i make more than 700 a month working for open english about 20-30 hours a week .
really easy friendly students low stress and yes low pay but they give you whatever hours you want and it 's eastern time zone .
i do n't think his game is really bad .
he had 2 chance creation and also could have scored a header .
lecister is going a good job of trying to mark him out .
he either needs carvani or pogba to to help create space for him .
sitting down at his trash strewn desk and pressing the power button of his skytech archangel the soothing beige glow of a monitor warming up lit his unshaven face .
after opening reddit and coming upon a discussion of why apple products are the worst he could do little else than agree .
i am a millennial and i fking hate apple .
he nodded at the computer screen while opening his monster energy drink .
today would mark yet another skirmish in the battle against apple .
the former ceo is a nut job too only good thing from apple is the ipod.
shuddering with ecstasy he ripped a mad cloud off of his aegis cloud king vape .
microsoft made halo one of the best fps games ever made.
the market dictates winners and sure as the day was long apple was no winner .
his point made he swiveled his chair toward the door and lurched forward out of the sticky vinyl towards the kitchen .
i will add 10k more but just to make sure all this for the b2525 handmade and be25 fixer my psn bo7mka112
sla is just a contract and does not say anything at all .
i can give you a sla which you would consider useless but still counts as a agreement on the service level .
the pi is cheap enough to have two at a site for hardware breakdown have n't seen one actually breakdown only sd cards running out of their write actions .
if you want something with a support contract might have a look at netgate their pfsense boxes .
pricing will always be an issue if you need it this cheap and want some more enterprise level stuff .
and that kid me in '84 wishing to be the only person on the planet so i could run amok .
it 's sugar beets but they use the juice/sugars from them .
u/oantolin has worked to on improving things recently maybe the example i commented below does help a bit .
once you have a general picture in mind how embark works it gets easier .
if it 's in usa in the rest of the west not so much .
i 'd totally be down to play some minecraft on xbox sometime .
being productive treating yourself and just enjoying the little things is one of the biggest reasons i stopped too !
i take her hand and get up and wipe the tears from my eyes .
but luckily its very easy to use headphones with guitar and guitar amps surely that might be a solution for op ?
here carry a baby '' often means being pregnant .
if you feel bad just say you do n't trust yourself with something so fragile .
un uomo fermo sui binari a santa lucia con un pandoro in mano a fine giugno .
i worked throughout the last 20 hours or so on this track club vibes .
doing the mix on my jbl speaker and headphones .
it has a lot of effects so this is not the final mix .
100 fact you crumble when the cash is infront of you .
i 've reported a therapist in the past you should too .
she was gossiping our sessions with her friend my then gf currently ex while knowing that we were dating .
young people convinced backing the status quo in 2014 or doing what their parents did definitely do n't tend to go back .
the concept of voting against your own independence and being like other european countries just becomes sheer lunacy .
that 's what many unionists do n't understand when they rant about sturgeon the snp and so on .
independence is n't the snp or sturgeon its a movement for the people .
it helps if the parties leading the movement are competent and have good leaders but more scots are beginning to understand you do n't back independence because the snp want it .
thank god it 's about 8am here and i 'm drinking so hopefully i wo n't remember this by the time i go to bed tonight .
in the rules they have just mentioned to put the date in square brackets .
exploding barrels are the most dangerous enemy in the game .
after having learnt how humans learn things and make decisions and then fight for their existing beliefs whilst not remembering why they believe things i 've realised that brexit for most does n't have an overall objective other than itself .
this was why boris has done so well he has n't kept the actual promises made but he states he has achieved brexit loudly and proudly so people who were previously convinced of brexit cheer his name .
but yes i agree we 've destroyed the right for uk citizens to go live and work in the eu and in return will continue to let eu citizens come and live and work here just via points based immigration '' instead .
poor use of space hard plastic interior may scratch controlers and bad quality zipper closure
love ur posts and doable is way to short to say .
that thing would fight to protect you from any such experience .
they do but how many parcels do you have to prove you 're 19 to pick up and not just show id to prove who you are ?
i think the age requirement is what gives it away .
it 's no where near as bad as it is in chrome or other apps .
all apps that have a paid version will still display their pro features '' to you even if you do n't have the pro version .
if i made an app i would n't waste time on making 2 different versions of the app and the way it looks because you did n't get the pro features .
i would simply stick a pop up and let you decide .
its not like you open brave and every time you do it displays get our vpn now ! ''
like youtube does with their youtube pro or whatever it 's called .
you may go ew advertisement '' another user might go hey that 's cheap i 'm gon na get that '' .
as long as brave does n't make intrusive pop ups like youtube and many other apps this is absolutely harmless and you 're finding issues where there are none .
this is n't blunt self promotion if anything its humble compared to other services lol
hmm never noticed this before as before this there were wx transactions .
where did the wx tx go for instance are they still there ?
also anne tx were there a new protocol that stores data conceptually which is what i am developing on
conservatives are so convinced that they have a grievance that when an attack against their issue does n't materialize they make fake accounts to get imaginary support .
i 'm annoyed at bruno for getting that yellow it was just so unnecessary
this would probably end up being a complex conspiracy i do n't know how easy it is for state level air national guards to mount live ordinance especially ground bombs .
i could be persuaded that air-air missiles are easier to come by but i 'd also guess there are controls involving regular air force personnel who release the weapons on an as-needed basis .
so there would probably be a ton of investigations in the military itself as to complicity with the plot involving obtaining bombs .
probably they were obtained via florida involving some level of conspiracy between the regular air force in florida and the florida air national guard although it begs the question what kind of air national guard florida really has since it already has 6 air force bases .
most likely there is a major security crack down in the military and new controls initiated for access and flight operations for combat aircraft assigned to state air national guards .
someone is curious about their profanity usage and u/giantfatnut decided to check theirs .
i have gone back one thousand posts and comments and reviewed your potty language usage .
i am a bot that performs automatic profanity reports .
this is profanitycounter version 3 view update notes here .
https www.reddit.com/r/profanitycounter/comments/i6pql7/introducing_profanitycounter_version_3 please consider supporting my development through my creator 's paypal .
but remember you can only limit break her with her copies so you need to get up to 25000 which with 3 and half months to do does n't seem hard
i know i just fail to see how anyone could find it funny let alone worth posting .
offiziel ist es eine japanische idol gruppe allerdings ist ihr content verschiedener und die vtubers wirken an sich viel lockerer .
der hauptcontent ist videospiele singen zeichnen oder einfache chatting streams .
hololive hat sehr viel an popularität gewonnen in diesem jahr .
höchst wahrscheinlich durch den virus aber auch durch übersetzer die clips mit englischen untertiteln hochgeladen .
es ist sicher nicht für jeden gerade die anime avatare schrecken viele leute ab aber ich finde es sehr unterhaltsam .
es gibt über 35 verschiedene streamer die alle verschiedene sachen machen und einen anderen charakter haben .
ich selber mag gerne retro spiele deshalb schau ich hauptsächlich kiara und korone an
wenn dich sowas interresiert dann würde ich empfehlen einfach mal ein paar clips in youtube anzuschaun oder vielleicht sogar einen stream von einer der hololive en mitgliedern .
what number of investigative reporters renders this argument null ?
regardless my entire argument to you is that hospitals are n't compelled to talk to random strangers about the details of their patients ' stays .
it 's so absurd to think that 's in the realm of possibility .
grey 's anatomy is more grounded in reality than your open speculation .
you do n't have to be gullible to measure the cruciality of this story and recognize that not that much energy would be spent chasing a story whose stakes are so low they do n't apply in any way to the public ... which happens to be the same rationale i 'm using for outright disbelieving your claim that this event was a worldwide sensation .
i 'm using my less-than-gullible powers of skepticism to request an al jazeera article on this story from you .
small businesses and regular people are gon na stand up to the government 's control of our lives .
i did n't see this kind of hysteria with the swine flu .
i read 'joe and marilyn ' which concentrated on her marriage to dimaggio and lifelong sporadic .
relationship after the divorce weirdly he treated her much better post marriage than during it .
tony curtis also wrote a book on his relationship with her he purported to have early intense liaison b4 they both were stars and then briefly again in a carnal sense when they worked together on ' some like it hot ' there also is a free youtube documentary on ruthless studio politics that led to her dismissal from her last dean martin pic .
i would tentatively recommend 30day free trial with scribd cyber library where multiple bios of her are available including the ones i listed
in mba applications must we show an interest in pre-mba career ?
my issue is season passes a event passed having past items .
make a season pass or event pass will all new items .
