i want to know what kind of food i should be eating after my surgery since i 'm going grocery shopping .
hey i 'm curious about how startup or new brand makes their jewellery collection like who i need to call when i wan na make one or anyone know how to make ones ? ? ?
so i 've updated my windows 10 to 21h1 then went to bed the next morning suddenly my motherboard bios wo n't detect my boot drive https i.imgur.com/dvqvnkd.jpg but upon checking the bios all my drives/ssd are connected and port 0 is where my ssd is connected https i.imgur.com/ey836bp.jpg
for some reason the bios does n't detect my ssd https i.imgur.com/fonv70j.jpg and when i to boot it manually https i.imgur.com/gki8yfz.jpg it works normally https i.imgur.com/ckdh5te.jpg .
so i 'm lost whether w10 's update fucked up somewhere or it 's my bios ' problem and it 's quite annoying always having to go into the bios to boot up my pc .
sfc scannow shows all is well i stumped at the moment .
so on discord someone post a video that was discord 100 both charter rapping at that one tricky song and i though i be fun to try to animate or make a funny mod but then i realized i am terrible when it comes to song charting and animation so i am looking for a animator and a editor because i am unable to do song charts or animation or just make a mod based of of this
mine is thats too much man i know this is a weird choice considering what happened in that episode but this was actually the first episode i saw of bojack so it holds a place in my heart .
and i really love episodes that strike me emotionally .
sniper always stays far in the lane under tower just shrapnels the creeps and i ca n't contest cs due to shrapnel dps it gets to a point where he can kill me even inside magnetic field with shrapnel and assassinate and i ca n't flux him until i 'm lvl 10 because of cast range issues is rushing midas viable against sniper ?
i have seen a decent amount of chatter previously about drg prints and such .
i have a friend that recently got a 3d printer and am now looking for drg stl files to print .
does anyone have any good ones i can have them print ?
i saw a beer mug recently and want that if possible .
i hate to do this but i have to upgrade from my beloved t430 .
with windows 11 not supporting any cpus that the t430 will take not without a lot of time and money at least and my machine barely running minecraft at acceptable fps i need a new laptop .
i 'm on a bit of a budget but i 'm not looking for bottom of the barrel something relatively new but still old enough for the price to be lower .
i 'd like a thinkpad or anything in the think family i suppose that will support windows 11 preferably out of the box .
if it has the same dimensions as the t430 that would be great too since i did just put a bunch of stickers on the top of my t430 and i 'd like to be able to just swap the shell over but it 's not like .
feel free to ask more questions i do n't entirely know what i 'm looking for .
i dislike change so the closer in physical form it is to the t430 the better
hi everyone i just got hired at best buy and just had my first few days .
i was hired as mobile and smart home sales .
i 'm really lost and whenever someone has a question about where something is or how a product works i have no idea and i always end up asking someone else for help and a big problem with me is i 'm not too familiar with technology .
does anyone know where other than the bestbuy website i can go to to learn more about the technology in general ect that can help me on the job ?
as well does anyone have any tips to get the ball rolling quicker ?
i 'm feeling pretty hopeless and depressed that i ca n't help my team out as much as i want to and that i seem to be bothering them with too many questions .
i talk about using a small timer to help with pacing your adventures .
i 'm going to divide my book into 2 parts .
i 'm just curious but what is the longest known alkane .
the longest i 've found is dictane which has 200 carbons but is there anything longer ?
and if so what kind of purposes could it have ?
i had this idea when pokemon go came out but never talked about it with anyone besides my brother
you know that technology used to make a concert wiht michael jackson after he died ?
i was wondering when some super mega rich person would build a stadium like a basketball stadium gut out the basketball court have people set up and install the same holographic technology and create pokemon battles like that like the pokemons would be to scale to their game stats and you 'd plug your phone into a console on one of the ends of the new holographic court and select the pokemons you 'd use for battle it 'd be open to the public for spectating and it 'd be use for tournaments or something but on the weekends probably up for rent to people who 'd want to experience it outside of a tournament .
my 07 grand cherokee is having misfire issues isolated to cylinder 4 the dealership only place that vould take it within the same week i called said it had low compression and failed a leakdown .
im trying to narrow down what valve it is out of curiousity .
origionally i replaced the plugs and it was g2g for about 8 hours but that was all highway .
i have since noticed it seems to dissapear on the highway and a mechanically savvy friend said that might indicate a leaking intake valve since air intake is greatly more efficient on the highway and the leak may not make as much of a difference .
i also tried the piece of paper over the exhaust trick and it only blew it away never sucked it back .
i tried to do a leakdown today but had a hard time finding tdc was doing the trick with placing a screw driver in the spark plug hole but it was kind getting grabbed and torqued and i didnt was to cause damage so i pulled it and put everything back together .
iwill be pulling the valve covers monday for find tdc easier unless someone has a more efficient suggestion .
it came out super easy and was pretty clean no strange fouling or anything and doesnt seem to be burning or losing oil .
and when i put it back in and torqued it properly i noticed a few small misses at first but it didnt trip the check engine light and hasnt missed for the last hour and idles great .
so to say i am confused as shit is an understatement .
have also replaced all injectors and coils but that was a month or two ago and it missed after that too .
edit also have ticking in that cylinder head cant say for sure its in that cylinder though also these issues started after inadvertantly having contentional put in during an oil change instead of the synthetic blend i normally use .
my time on reddit is coming to an end so i 'm really trying to clear out what i can .
edit thanks all y'all for the quick purchases and great conversations .
things have been rough recently you 've really brought a smile to my face .
be well and have an excellent rest of your weekend .
there will probably be another sale with smaller stuff down the line but hoping to move as much as i can out .
if this stuff moves today will plan to ship it all out saturday morning .
hit me up with offers if you 're interested !
the only trades i 'll consider are for kingdom armory midtechs with cash on my end obviously .
note the videos below all have a bit of audio with a little talk-through if you care .
i go into a bit more detail for each in the youtube above .
we snecx buster x 2 https imgur.com/fku6cph black spf grey available 200 each b just got both of these .
wanted to try out the fabled snecx action and his whole detent-pin-as-lockface thing is really slick .
love these very sharp but do n't need em .
they 've been played around with a lot but have cut pretty much nothing .
g shock mtg https imgur.com/zkbrtzs 300 b big tank of a watch was worn regularly for a year or two general signs of wear .
gps and all that needs to be recalibrated but still seems to work fine beyond that .
prometheus design works sts g10 https imgur.com/igmvnxk 300 sold b see the above .
i like this one even better than the invictus ... the blade shape makes a great user .
tactile knife co rockwall https imgur.com/pghemvs 225 spf b believe the hype .
has been used a bit around the house but never carried .
spyderco para 2 s45vn https imgur.com/9d1dx55 160 spf b you know what it is .
prometheus design works integral invictus https imgur.com/i0mqezv 350 spf b flicky fidgety little thumb studder .
prometheus design works compact invictus https imgur.com/ro7yfc3 300 sold b special edition with micarta scales .
hinderer ranch bowie harpoon spanto https imgur.com/hilpmxc 250 sold b as tanky as a fixed blade gets this thing has amazing ergos and a huge thick blade .
ca n't justify keeping both this and my ratmandu though so out it goes .
just wanted to know which doom is the most liked in this community
i have deposited 6 alice coins but the buy seed button is not showing up can anyone help ?
how does one go about discussing referee gm performance ... or player pc performance in a ttrpg ?
a place for members of r/instagib to chat with each other
months ago i asked on reddit if the reason films still survived today is because for a very long time movies were far superior to tv as a whole minus the occasional miniseries broadcasted live performance sitcoms and a few tv movies starring a list actors .
because i heard somewhere that it was only around the last 15 years that tv as a whole medium has finally been able to compete with movies alongside books and non-american comics in the same ballpark .
that tv was all out before that time with miniseries as the consistent exception and it took to the 90s for 2 or 3 tv shows to finally be deemed worthy of being as good as cinema standards though much of the best of the best '' stuff in that decade such as buffy and xena were still mediocre and at best maybe better than your average b movie .
so now i ask the same question but for theatre instead .
why did theatre survive despite cinema stealing so much of the theatre fanbase during the 20s and attaining a monopoly over entertainment in the 30s all the way to tv 's introduction in the 50s and crippling theatre 's popularity so much ?
the question is even more relevant today with even new forms of entertainment has already permanently cripple cinema 's monopoly and stolen its moneymakers such as tv internet surfing comics and video games and more are now the preferred entertainment of much of the general populace .
movies still managed to survive even as tv and other mediums starts to equal it in artistic quality and more people would rather buy the newest playstation game or use ppv to see the next mlb game but its on a very dangerous zone near the cliff .
if movies which practically at this point in society everybody from a 4 year old to 101 year old elder and even an isis terrorist nutjob know about and have seen at one point in their lives is on life support ... ... ... .
while so many millions and millions possibly over a billion people have never seen live plays before not even elementary school performances growing up !
how the heck does live theatre continue to survive ?
what does theatre have that tv and other entertainment does n't ?
bonus question despite modern recording equipment allowing live theatre to be filmed and purchased why do even diehard fans of say king lear still watch it live shelling out cash for expensive tickets ?
even though dvds of tony award winning performances have been made available for the general public to purchase ?
catch and release from here never used by me .
i have some new colonists that joined after being guests of mine .
for some reason one of my new colonists is wearing a tattered shirt .
the shirt is locked on them and i am unsure why or how to remove the lock ?
is this a glitch intentional or am i missing something ?
i just started building without easy mode and discovered that i ca n't craft ducts .
do i need to unlock it or do i have to salvage them or buy them .
my maltese who is around 12 to 14 was staying with my aunt who has a two-year-old yorker who is known for being a yapper for a week while we went to the beach on vacation .
a few years prior whenever he stayed with her and we would come to pick him up he would be so happy to see us but today when we picked him up after a week of being gone he seemed sad .
we came home and he would n't eat or drink anything and he could barely walk i offered him a belly rub which he usually loves and he wo n't lift up his paw .
he 's usually very affectionate in giving kisses but he 'll only give me a few and then lay his head down .
he 's a rescue dog so he clings onto me a lot more than the rest of my family .
is he mad at me because i left him for a week ?
what my mom came up with is that because we stayed home with him so much during quarantine he 's never been without us for such a long amount of time that it stressed him out but i 'm still not sure .
if it does n't get any better i 'm taking him to vet after the weekend is over but i 'm so so stressed does any one know what 's going on ?
hello there are you in need of a highly skilled and experienced system hacker ?
she helped me retrieve my deleted files text messages and call logs .
she can as well control devices remotely and lots more .
she hacks account on any social media platforms you can ever imagine instagram facebook twitter tinder snapchat e.t.c .
ussd control commands whatsapp spy facebook/messenger spy skype spy hacking into databases of all kinds
what got me most was her offer of a total refund of any displeasing services but i did n't have to use that choice .
i stopped my original subscription to funimation because of issues with streaming my hero academia season 4 with the advertised simuldub seeming to never be simultaneous and a couple other very minor issues that were fixed .
being the massive my hero nerd i am i went back in for season 5 this time fully expecting and having the knowledge of 2-3 week delays with simuldub .
do n't get me wrong that 's totally okay the pandemic ravaging the world is a pretty darn good reason and i can easily avoid spoilers if i do n't want to hear them .
i went back to re-watch an old episode and suddenly it was in spanish .
i changed it back to english though huh that 's weird and went to check my my preferences .
they were still english but i clicked the english button again to be sure then navigated back to the episode again .
afterwards since i love mha but it usually takes 2-3 episodes of watching to not stop on a cliffhanger i clicked the little fast-forward button to take me to the next episode .
once the page loaded it did n't begin loading up the video player but instead displayed a disappointing black box with video not available '' in bold white text .
thinking there 's no way they somehow do n't have an episode in the middle of the season '' i went back and selected it from the regular list of episodes .
it loaded up fine if i did it from there ... in spanish .
it 's not the end of the world i can still watch what i 'm paying for and all but it is deeply annoying if i 'm trying to binge like five episodes .
and if these errors do n't end up getting fixed as the many many negative reviews of funimation would have me believe might happen is there an alternate place you 'd suggest i stream that will also have the new dubs in a similar timeframe ?
a.the winner of this match gets a future title opportunity so this one should be intense .
shazza mckenzie makes her way to the ring first .
shazza plays up for to the crowd on her way to the ring .
allie signs a few autographs for the fans in front row before entering the ring .
allie shazza have a hand shake in the middle of the ring .
elbow collar tie up between the 2 competitors in the middle of the ring .
allie got a notable strength advantage over shazza so allie easily backs up shazza in the corner .
shazza comes to test herself again but allie easily tosses her away on the mat .
shazza gets back up pacing near the ropes probably rethinking her game plan .
shazza goes for a single leg take down but katch picks her up for a side out powerbomb but katch slides back from the maneuver goes in inverted frankensteiner position only to turn it into a regular hurricanrana with a pin combo !
1-2-allie reverses that in a pin of her own !
allie goes for a lariat but shazza ducks the shoves allie face first in the turnbuckle into a back suplex .
shazza lifts katch twists her arm for an arm breaker then irish whips her in the corner .
mckenzie goes for a running corner attack to allie but allie launches shazza over the turnbuckle on the apron .
mckenzie with over the ropes enziguri to allie creates separation .
shazza with a diving clothesline but allie catches her mid air with a german suplex into a pin !
allie looks to be closing on a victory with a sit out piledriver but shazza counters with a jacknike cover !
shazza tries to irish whip katch but katch with an arm wrench on mckenzie irish whips her in the ropes to drop her with a strong lariat folding shazza inside out .
allie katch with a running senton now makes another cover !
katch tries to back suplex shazza but she flips out hurricanranas katch neck first in the bottom turnbuckle .
shazza mckenzie pulls out a whargasm split legged leg drop .
but instead of losing her focus shazza sets up for her finisher shaztastic stunner stunner .
katch with a double leg take down on shazza to slingshot her on the turnbuckles but shazza finds her balance on the middle rope .
shazza with a middle rope attack but katch drops her with a bicycle kick in the mid air .
as she wonders what more she needs to do .
katch attempts to suplex shazza on the apron but shazza hits a shaztastic stunner to allie on the apron .
allie falls from the apron down to the floor .
shazza after some struggle manages to get back katch in the ring for a cover !
allie tries to get to the ropes but she is too far away .
allie rolls shazza over fir a pin while in the hold !
allie attempts the piledriver but shazza reverses with a back body drop .
allie quickly attempts to get back up so she grabs the bottom rope rests in between the ropes like 619 position .
mckenzie goes for a 619 actually hits it beautifully .
shazza plays up to the crowd slowly climbs the top rope but allie katch meets her on the top rope .
eventually katch hits a sit out piledriver from the second rope to shazza mckenzie .
d. allie katch scores a hard fought victory and she 'll get a chance against sadie gibbs on an action hour in a few weeks !
allie helps shazza to get back up carries her to the stage .
mckenzie leaves the stage after raising allie katch hand in front of a pumped up audience .
tom lawlor is sitting with ricky lucha sr backstage .
lawlor we know you have n't debuted here in paw yet .
you mentioned online that you wanted to shoot fight the best talent out there what do you mean by that ?
ricky i know paw has some of the best talent out there in the pro wrestling business and i 'd love to debut here in paw .
just bleed will be the opening of the mma spectrum here in paw .
that 's why i 'm going to deliver an open challenge to anybody who wants to fight me in this style of match.
a.d.stone and jake crist are the first one to enter they have the whole chapter behind them !
b.next is money marks mark jabron is the first one to enter max cash is behind him .
c.as the match begins mark jabron tries to bribe d.stone with money he acts like he 's gon na take the money when all the sudden he picks him up for his death driver !
david creed bill gordon lee cooper mat anderson jay miles .
all in their wrestling gear except david creed makes their way to the ring .
b.prime time pyramid champions the megastars comes out next .
t.m imran amit amar zafar all 3 gets a loud pop from the audience .
david creed lee cooper steps out of the ring making it clear that bill matt jay will be representing d.c.e .
we have t.m imran bill lock hands for a good old test of strength .
bill uses his power again to force t.m down to 1 knee .
but t.m bounces back with his strength as well .
bill with a headbutt breaks the grip on both sides .
bill irish whips t.m in the ropes as t.m comes back bill gives him a big shoulder tackle .
bill launches t.m up in the air matt anderson effortlessly drops him in a german suplex for a nearfall .
t.m attempts to crawl to his corner but matt with a waist lock .
t.m eventually stands up in the waist lock breaks matt 's grip to fet out of the hold .
matt fights back with forearms but t.m with a big right hand sends anderson in the megastars corner .
an assisted dropkick from t.m amir gets a 2 count .
amir picks up matt for a delayed suplex but anderson is the master of suplexes .
matt anderson reverses this on amir with back to back snap suplexes .
matt back suplexes jay onto amir for a nearfall .
jay picks up amir attempting a neckbreaker but amir fights out of the move .
amir with forearms to jay bringing him in the corner .
amir irish whips jay in the opposite corner but as amir runs to attack jay he is dropped with a back body dropping into the turnbuckles .
jay brings amir in the center of the ring for a cover !
matt anderson comes to the ring throws amar in the ring post .
t.m imran comes from behind sends anderson over the ropes .
bill gordon comes in he attempts to launch t.m over the ropes with a gorilla press but t.m slides back hits a tiger knee sending bill outside too .
jay goes for a superkick but t.m blocks it reverses with a dragon screw .
outside rest of d.c.e aids each other back on the feet .
t.m imran takes them all out with a tope suicida .
amar is back on the apron calling for a hot tag from amir .
on the other hand jay is just trying to get back on his feet .
jay gets back up amar with a clothesline to jay followed by a second clothesline .
amar gears up for a superkick to jay miles .
but jay ducks it hits a superkick of his own .
amar stays on his feet hits a superkick to jay for a cover !
while gordon drags jay in his corner tags himself in .
gordon is in the ring amar is still looking for a partner to tag in but nobody is on the apron .
amar attempts a flying forearm but bill counters into a sleeper which amar slips out of quickly falls on the mat kicks gordon in the head .
amar hits a superkick to gordon but gordon still manages to stay up on 1 knee .
amir finally gets up on the apron tags himself in .
amar goes for another attack on bill but is caught by bill in a fireman carry .
amir comes in to save amar but bill launches amar into amir knocking both brothers out .
bill is unawared of the latest tag so he locks the sleeper on amar trying to make him tap out .
ref is trying to explain bill that amir is now legal .
lee cooper who is n't part of the match sends t.m imran shoulder first in the steps .
bill picks up amir drops him with a running powerbomb for a nearfall .
bill sets up for a spear but amir blocks it with a alpha knee codebreaker bill no sells the move bounces back with a spear regardless .
amar out of nowhere hits a basement dropkick on bill to save the match for his team .
c.jay miles is on the apron asking for a tag .
now jay sets up for a single leg knee strike to amir .
amir attempts a chicken wing faceplant but jay uses his leg to roll up amin in a pin .
matt with a german on amir into a pin for a 2 count .
matt keeps the grip locked hits 2 more gernan ror another nearfall .
matt launches amir with a release german but amir flips lands on his feet .
amir runs to attack matt but mat with a belly to belly thow launches amir away .
amar takes his shot but eats a massive spinebuster from andersen .
an amateur slam/running knee combo by anderson jay to amir .
t.m drags amir near to his corner tags himself in .
once again bill gordon is up against t.m imran .
t.m swings some good right hands on gordon but it did n't have a high impact .
gordon picks up t.m for a urange but t.m reverses that in an armbreaker t.m has the wristlock applied on gordon .
multiple kicks to the arm by t.m followed up by a second armbreaker .
t.m with a wristlock applied does a tight walk on ropes undertaker style .
t.m with an elbow strike to gordon arm from the ropes .
t.m hits a tiger 's knee bicycle knee strike .
gordon bounces off the ropes falls on the mat .
jay miles springboards in the ring to break the pin .
t.m rolls to his corner tags in amar rolls to the outside .
amar sets up for a head splash on bill but bill gets his knees up to get a breather .
jay miles with a tornado ddt attempt but amar sends him away .
amar attempts to lock in a figure 4 but jay counters with a small package pin !
amar attempts a neckbreaker but jay with a backslide pin !
jay kicks amar in the gut traps him with a crucifix pin !
matt jay are about to hit amateur slam/running knee combo but amir pulls jay by the leg outside sends him over the barricade after a superkick .
amar flips out of amateur slam hits a superkick followed up by a canadian destroyer on matt anderson .
meanwhile outside the ring as referee was trying to keep up with the action .
behind ref 's back lee cooper attempted a chair shot on t.m but t.m pumped kick the chair on cooper 's face then hit a butterfly ddt to cooper on the chair .
david creed attempted to attack t.m from behind but t.m launched jim in the ring post .
amar tags in amir as anderson is knocked out .
bill comes to stop in but amar gives him a superkick t.m pulled gordon out by the legs to lock in a dragon sleeper outside .
amir hits a head splash on matt anderson for the pin !
d.the megastars retains their tag team titles in an incredible fight .
t.m brought david creed in the ring to hit an assisted tiger 's knee to david creed .
after that amazing match danhausen was sitting in a dark forrest with fire behind him .
danhausen here i have been sitting her for 20 minutes soaking up the very evil fire .
anyways october 28th and 29th paw will be on ppv for 6 feet under .
maybe if you buy tickets early enough you can see danhausen preparing for his very nice very evil open challenge taking place .
chicago and milwaukee be ready for danhausen 's takeover !
an mma-style cage sits in the middle of the arena .
lindsay snow makes her entrance and the crowd is giving her what may be the biggest pop of her career !
she used to have a mutual respect with megan love but megan got jealous that snow was getting more opportunities even though she had beaten lindsay early on in paw 's history .
here comes megan love who has had an attitude change in recent months after attacking lindsay snow at paw backyard .
this has been a very personal feud and it all comes to a head tonight .
c. ricky lucha sr. steps into the middle of the cage to announce the participants .
this fight is scheduled for 3 5-minute rounds in the paw women 's division .
up first fighting out of the red corner she 's a brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner weighing in at 119 pounds and standing at 5 feet 3 inches .
fighting out of jacksonville florida the american kaiju '' lindsay snow !
and in the red corner a kickboxer and judoka weighing in at 115 pounds and standing at 5 feet .
and the referee for this contest chris tognoni . ''
d. the ref gets the fight started and there 's no glove touch in this one .
megan circles and lands a decent body kick and goes for another that misses .
snow goes for a takedown and love uses some slick judo to escape controlling lindsay 's arm .
they 're separated now and snow lands a nice 1-2 but love is unfazed .
snow tries for a right cross but megan uses her elite distance management to shift out of the way .
love tries for a left hook that lindsay ducks but megan thrusts her knee up and it catches snow in the forehead .
lindsay backs up a bit wobbled and megan clinches with an underhook and a c-grip and tries for a judo throw !
snow stays up just barely but is backed up into the cage .
love goes for a flurry of punches but lindsay dodges them all and tries to circle out !
megan follows her but snow cuts the other way and throws a left high kick that just barely catches megan love on the ear .
love has a small cut due to the kick and with about 3 minutes left in the round she starts pursuing a takedown .
snow seems to have the same idea and she gets under quicker landing a nice double leg .
she 's being a bit too aggressive looking for a guillotine from the top and love takes advantage with an elbow from the bottom .
it rocks lindsay and megan is able to roll over into top mount !
she drops elbows repeatedly and snow covers up and shoots over to the cage .
she 's trying to get up but love traps her leg and has her in half-guard now .
love just unleashes brutal combinations from the top and snow is surviving but getting hurt .
lindsay eventually finds an opening with 50 seconds left in the round and gets up .
she 's going for broke now and both women are swinging for the fences !
giant overhand right from snow near the end and love is wobbled but as the jiu-jitsu fighter rushes forward a perfectly-timed left uppercut from megan stings her right as the horn sounds to end the round .
e. we listen in to the advice of the coaches in between rounds .
lindsay 's coach is telling her look you lost that round .
you were good against the cage so maybe try and clinch up but do n't let her get the hooks in .
and do n't be reckless you got saved by the bell at the end there .
megan 's corner simply says go have another round just like that . ''
f. the 2nd round kicks off and lindsay immediately rushes into a clinch pressing love against the cage .
she throws shoulders and elbows and it seems like the strength advantage may be the difference maker in this round .
love is an experienced judoka and she manages to trip snow and land in lindsay 's guard .
snow goes for a guillotine from the bottom but megan has it scouted and slides out and drops a couple of stiff hammerfists before climbing up and throwing some knees to the midsection .
snow realizes that love 's grip is faltering and scrambles to her feet bringing the fight back to a standing base .
lindsay charges forward with a huge combination and it 's a miracle that megan love is still conscious !
snow tries for another but love thrusts her hand forward and ends up poking lindsay snow in the left eye !
she swears it was an accident and the ref tells her that if she fouls again he 'll take a point away .
lindsay 's eye seems compromised but after a small break she starts fighting again .
the lack of depth perception seems to be screwing her up a bit though and megan is able to dodge all of her strikes while landing looping shots to the eye that snow ca n't see .
love is piecing her up and snow ends up going for another takedown .
megan scouts it and picks up the larger snow for a modified powerbomb !
snow collides with the mat somehow not knocked out and throws upkicks but she 's in a bad way .
love backs off near the end of the round allowing lindsay to get up and hits another takedown with 3 seconds left just to score some points .
g.the corner advice sounds much more frantic this time around for lindsay snow .
you 're down 2 rounds now lindsay do you understand ?
you need a finish here and you need it bad .
you would need a 10-7 round to win by decision and you know how rare even 10-8 rounds are so i really do n't see that happening .
you 've got ta stop her here i believe in you .
meanwhile in megan 's corner you 're up in this fight for sure so keep your distance .
do n't do something stupid and get subbed or koed just play it safe .
use your jab and your leg kicks maybe even a takedown here and there although that might not be super smart she 's good off her back .
use teeps and other ready kicks you 'll be fine .
h. the ref kicks off the 3rd and final round .
snow immediately takes the center and starts swinging wildly .
she 's going to use everything she has left in the tank .
a couple shots catch love including a hard front kick to the face but she regains her composure and starts doubling down on defense .
she kicks lindsay 's legs to limit her mobility and megan is employing a lot of head movement and footwork .
snow lunges forward and love pushes her back with a teep to the liver .
that seemed to hurt lindsay a bit but megan does n't seem to notice .
snow clinches up and throws knees to the body but megan throws her off with a nice judo throw .
she stays standing and kicks snow 's legs while she 's down .
lindsay gets right back up though and love keeps her away with a jab .
snow needs to do something drastic here or she 'll lose the fight !
love lands nice boxing combination and snow just ca n't penetrate her defense and turn this into a brawl .
lindsay fakes a double leg and megan drops her hands to defend but the jacksonville native pops up with a huge uppercut combo !
megan love is on spaghetti legs here with 2 and a half minutes left in the fight !
snow keeps throwing punches and her hands accidentally collide with the cage it seems that they 're hurt but lindsay does n't care !
megan love is bloodied and she tries to duck and run so snow leaps up and lands a flying knee that drops her !
big hammerfists from the american kaiju love gets up but she 's still rocked !
kicks to the temple how is megan love still standing ? !
a moderately successful jab and knee to the body combination scores for love but snow is still pressing landing backfists palm strikes crane kicks all of the flashier things you can think of !
the ref might have to stop this and megan knows it so she comes back swinging using her boxing .
both women have a clinch in and are landing right hands this is like takayama vs. frye !
snow lands a couple on the side of the neck and megan is wobbled again with 30 seconds left !
she crumples and lindsay dives on top she has back mount !
she 's throwing hooks to the side of the head despite megan 's futile efforts to block them .
lindsay has the body triangle and the hooks in and with 10 seconds left she begins to squeeze !
5 4 3 2 1 and the fight goes the distance !
was that a 10-9 or 10-8 round for megan love ?
we go to ricky lucha sr. for the judge 's scorecards .
after 3 rounds we go to judge 's decisions .
and judge 3 scored it 29-28 for your winner by majority decision megan love ! ''
j.lindsay snow is rushed to the back to get stitches .
one judge scored that as a draw what do you have to say to them ? ''
that last round was all mine until the half way mark .
yeah maybe it was a 10-9 but not a 10-8 no chance .
9 times out of 10 i would 've knocked her out in the first ! ''
what do you think is next for you ? ''
whether it 's allie katch or sadie gibbs i 'll have that title around my waist before the end of the year . ''
ricky says one last time ladies and gentlemen megan love ! ''
the crowd boos as love gives them the stone cold salute .
brian zane goes over the card for action hour next thursday
nick gage vs. erick redbeard c texas deathmatch 20 count last man standing for the paw world championship
and now what you 've all been waiting for .
the main event if trouble in texas has a lot of animosity behind it and here comes a man who thrives in animosity nick gage !
as for whom the bell tolls '' plays and the crowd chants mdk '' the commentator talk about the backstory behind this match .
gage showed up in paw by attacking sabu and erick redbeard and redbeard declared that gage would have to win 5 matches to get a title shot .
he went through sabu in a blackjack deathmatch at casino of consequence jon boston at no rulez jack macy on backyard ninja mack on action hour in a regular match and danhausen 6 nights ago on backyard the same night he lost the gcw championship to matt cardona .
now he 's here and looking to add the paw world title to his illustrious trophy case .
and now making his entrance to a chorus of boos the paw champion erick redbeard .
he 's wearing his behemoth shirt and it 's stained by a fan pouring gatorade on him the fan is escorted out by security .
redbeard was a fan favourite until he got jealous of the fact that gage main evented casino and no rulez over him as well as the cheers that gage receives .
he attacked nick after his ninja mack match and tried to cost him the win against danhausen but regardless nick gage is here and this fight is happening .
c. the bell rings and there 's no feeling out process !
the two men start throwing punches at each other right off the bat !
redbeard might be the stronger man but nick is holding his own and there is pure fury behind his punches !
erick lands a good shot wobbling the king and redbeard immediately goes to the outside to put some weapons in the ring .
light tubes bottles a couple of doors some panes of glass and bags of different objects .
gage immediately scoops up a tube and hits erick in the gut with it !
redbeard hunches over and gage ddts him onto another tube .
1 2 3 4 5 and the champ is up .
gage meanwhile has opened up one of the bags of destruction and it 's full of gusset blades !
he picks one up and taps it into redbeard 's head !
gage bounces off ropes and hits a lariat but the former wyatt family member is still standing although barely .
gage bounces off again going for the same thing and redbeard boots him in the groin to get a breather !
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 and nick is up although still sore .
erick has gone back to the outside and grabbed 2 chairs as well as some barbed wire .
he takes the spool of wire and jabs the spikes right into gage 's forehead !
erick poses for the crowd but it 's never a good idea to do that against nick gage who with the barbed wire still in his skull headbutts erick redbeard !
both men fall after that and the ref starts his count .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 and gage is up first while redbeard gets up at 9 .
if this was a regular last man standing these men would already be almost done that 's the toll that a deathmatch takes on someone !
gage sets up the chairs grabs some bottles and tubes and invites erick to take a seat .
they grab bottles and they 're cracking them over each others heads !
eventually redbeard double-hands some bottles and crashes both of them against the temples of nick gage !
the former gcw champion slumps out of his chair and the ref starts counting as erick sits smugly in his chair .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 and gage fights to his feet again !
redbeard hits him with the chair and nick rests against the ropes .
erick redbeard opens up each and every bag emptying the contents onto the mat .
tacks mousetraps shards of glass legos even tiny jagged rocks !
but as erick builds that sick sadistic pile of pain nick gage reaches into his pockets and pulls out a pizza cutter !
redbeard turns around and gage starts slicing his forehead just like he did to cardona and jericho !
he goes to each side of the ring and drags the sharp edge of the cutter across the head of redbeard !
erick is screaming in pain and gage picks him up hits him with a chokebreaker and suplexes him into the pile of weaponry !
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 and erick is up just off of adrenaline !
but while he was struggling to his feet gage had built a terrifying contraption taking the 2 chairs bridging a door across them and putting a pane of glass on top !
he lifts erick to the top rope climbs on himself and goes for a superplex .
but the champ holds on punches nick in the groin and reverses into a full nelson .
but no gage fighting through the pain hits a low blow of his own and hits a piledriver from the top through the door !
but while the ref begins his count the 44oh theme starts playing !
they 're engaged in a brutal feud with gage at the moment !
1 2 3 4 ... out come rickey shane page atticus cogar eric ryan and bobby beverley dressed at matt cardona chris jericho mjf and jon moxley respectively playing mindgames with the king ... 5 6 7 8 ... nick tries to fend them off with the pieces of the door ... 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16.. they sneak past him and run towards redbeard ... 17 18 19 and 44oh helps him up !
they lean erick against the turnbuckle and face off with gage but all of a sudden from the crowd here come matthew justice mance warner steve manders and effy !
they 're here to fend off 44oh and all 8 men go brawling through the crowd !
it 's just nick gage and erick redbeard now !
when they come back on the chapter is in the ring !
dhinsa selmani d. stone jake crist and paul ellering at ringside !
erick redbeard looks right into the camera and rips off his behemoth shirt revealing one with the chapter 's logo !
he must be their leader what a betrayal to the paw faithful !
they sit gage down in a chair as paul ellering slides duct tape and firecrackers into the squared circle !
the chapter tape gage into the chair and put the firecrackers underneath him as redbeard squirts super glue onto his arm and rolls it through all the broken glass on the mat !
the explosions go off at the bomb factory tonight as erick redbeard hits a gigantic discus clothesline with the shard-covered arm on gage knocking him down !
he ca n't get up he 's taped down !
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 !
d. erick redbeard has shockingly revealed himself as the leader of the chapter and he celebrates with the belt while dripping blood .
medics check up on nick gage and the chapter walk to the back .
we 'll make sure to get you all some answers next time on action hour but thank you all for tuning into trouble in texas night 2 .
my wife and i took our son to a newish park in gilbert arizona .
it 's very nice park and more to come .
it 's hot as shit here and we wanted to play in the splash area .
before we even get to it i see a guy letting his dog piss in the wood chips near a rock climbing thing and a swing .
then i shit you not we turn the corner and i see a girl who has her dog in a child swing and pushing him back and forth .
i am so fed up with dogs i still work with them because i need the money right now but i have to vent to not explode .
i 've been trying to figure out what my issue is .
this may be challenging for me to explain so please bare with me .
when my partner trying to get to something that i 'm in front of he will just come toward me and wait .
for example he wants to get to the sink and i 'm in front of it rather than tapping my arm or something he 'll just come up to me and wait until i move .
i 've expressed to him that it 's very irritating to me that he does n't just touch me to get me to move aside or simply say excuse me .
i told him that i feel very anxious trying to figure out what he is trying to do without a physical or verbal cue .
i get especially aggravated when he comes up behind me without me knowing it .
he also does not walk in a straight line when on the sidewalk and does n't move aside for strangers especially aggravating during covid .
i find most physical/non-verbal cues are ignored by him .
he will do things like this and i get extremely irritated with him .
how can i start to just ignore these things or work on them so they do n't control me ?
a place for members of r/deadbys76_gaming to chat with each other
this post only applies to the people in the uk .
if you get your hands on some non-legit benzos and you 're worried about the contents and what is actually in it then i would suggest sending a tablet/half-a-tablet to wedinos google it you 'll get results in a week and youll know for sure whats in it .
for years i commuted via a folding bike when living in the city and switched to a gravel bike when moving to a hilly rural area four years ago .
until the pandemic hit i was daily riding several miles to and from work in very challenging hills rain or shine .
i 'm very active otherwise daily workouts hikes on weekends and the daily hard rides were trashing me physically and destroying my love of cycling .
with the pandemic and work from home i regained energy but never my desire to get back on my bike .
now that i 'm back in the office i just could n't stand the thought of killing myself physically again and opted for an e-bike .
i initially purchased an aventon level commuter for 1,800 .
i was swayed by the sleek look and wealth of components at the price but quickly learned why it is so cheap '' .
it 's rubbish or at least the one i got was a lemon .
the battery started having connection issues within day that only worsened and in two weeks it would no longer start unless the battery was clamped and pressured externally .
anyway i 've returned it and decided i needed something more reliable as well as the ability to deal with a local shop .
my local is a diamondback certified retailer so i went with the union 2 as the comparable trek allant 8s was backordered until 2022 .
after riding a class 3 hub motor with cadence sensor in the aventon i 'm looking forward to a mid-drive motor with speed torque sensors as well as the reliability of the bosch motor vs aventon 's unnamed .
the weight of the rear hub motor plus my paneers actually had me fishtail a bit when riding downhill on a rainy commute .
when you who are in the know '' see this bike 's specs and look at this price point does it seem decent even if a bit overpriced ?
do the components and build out sound quality or was this a total rip ?
it seemed comparable to the only slightly more expensive trek but i 've always thought trek a bit pricy .
if anything i 'm just struggling with having dropped 4k on a bike after my 1,800 failure and nervous about relying on an e-bike and motor to basically be my car .
i hope i did ok though i 'm sure for that money there were better options just not in stock and available through my local shop !
all data gets pulled between 9 10 am every morning for consistency .
vaccination tracker and oph update later in the day and will not always match what 's here especially after 11 am .
73/62 of all people in ottawa have received one dose/two doses .
70.890/61.092 of all people in ontario have received one dose/two doses .
71.100/58.771 of the canadian population has received one dose/two doses .
add res to your browser for clickable table headers .
average turnaround time for a high priority test was 11h .
variants of concern https files.ontario.ca/moh-covid-19-report-en-2021-08-01.pdf these numbers lag by about a month .
variants of concern https files.ontario.ca/moh-covid-19-report-en-2021-08-01.pdf these numbers lag by about a month .
if you hate a certain youtuber and click on their video and spam hate comments you 're boosting their algorithm so if you see trolls or a group you hate do n't click on the video and give them a comment you 're powering them even more and giving them recognition like how much you wan na bet they even check their comments
started to settle down then had a fried/hot food craving and had fried dumplings .
cue more severe diarrhea but no gas/bloat on day 5 .
thinking it was the dumplings i 'm like ok ... i still got this .
i did n't have a period from 44-51 thanks to an iud that was removed in october 2020 .
got a period in january and in march ... .and yesterday .
i 'm counting on this only lasting 3-4 days .
i want to stay on linzess for at least two weeks to see what happens .
but i 'm also due to fly out on the 9th which will be 2 wks and one day since starting .
i 've done some quick testing with chainbreaker and rage vortex .
from my testing rage support with 150 mana regen are good enough to sustain rage vortex which opens up other classes than beserker .
i 've been trying to come up with a cold conversion raider build in pob but have a hard time scaling it properly .
so if any of you want to give it a shot i 'd be very grateful for every pob that you throw at me .
my skin was awful my whole life until i got on spironolactone 5 years ago .
now i 've been off for a few months while trying to conceive and god i feel so incredibly ugly .
to top it off i am getting married in december and will probably get to feel this ugly then too .
pretty sad about it but what can you do .
i want to buy a graphics tablet for drawing and i dont know wich one is the best for beginers i have list of graphics tablet that i wona buy huion 1060 plus xp-pen star 03 v2 xp-pen deco 01v2 xp-pen star g960s plus wacom one medium south ctl-672-s gaomon m106k
just go and buy a card of each promo that is required chemistry etc .
doesnt matter as you can play friendly on beginner mode .
in your first 3 games try to finish those objective that require a player to assist or to score in x games .
the rest can be finished in the fourth game you can easily score 40 goals against a beginner ai in friendlies .
your last two games you will finish the score a volley goal in six games objective .
the ai in beginner mode in friendlies is not reacting and trying to take the ball away .
it takes you 1.5 hours and you have like 15 premium gold players pack an ultimate pack for free .
for instance i really like gabi in spring mountain .
hi all first time poster here and recent lurker .
we 're currently under contract for a great little one story house in a really competitive market nashville .
throughout the whole process from first seeing the home until now everything has felt so smooth and easy ... . too smooth and easy .
we saw the house about two weeks ago and immediately afterward well a few hours after put in an offer .
our offer just happened to go in directly after a well-attended open house for the home .
it was one of our least competitive '' offers yet .
a few percentage points over asking an appraisal gap clause will pay x amount over appraisal up to our offer no major contingencies waived .
with all the contingencies in place we felt comfortable putting in a fairly sizeable amount of earnest money about 5 of offer .
we had pre-approval in hand for a 20-down loan and it 's the most within-our-budget offer we 've made yet .
so it was a good honest offer but nothing huge like full cash or waiving inspection .
in fact the selling agent was very helpful in letting us know the type of offer they were looking for .
the house was listed for less than two full days .
cue the next couple days of typical craziness with applying for the loan scheduling inspection paying the earnest getting financials in order etc .
the inspection happens and nothing major is found just a bunch of minor upkeep items .
the home was built in 2004 and it turns out the roof is basically brand new .
the only thing was there was a furnace leak in the attic that caused some water damage to the living room ceiling that happened after listing .
when we alerted the selling agent she immediately offered that they would conduct the repair and pay for a one-year home warranty for us .
we got that in writing and we 're all squared away with that .
the appraisal is the next thing which is happening this week .
we do n't really anticipate any surprises as this is a planned community and near-identical homes have recently appraised right around the asking price .
i guess i just have this weird feeling that everything is going too well .
the process thus far has been so damn smooth the seller has been great and communicative they 're even apparently covering the title fees which is n't even something we asked for and it gives me this mild anxiety that surely something has to come up that will throw a wrench in the whole thing at some point .
but there 's really no reason to truly think that .
i guess i just need someone to talk some sense into me .
with all the crazy stories i 've read on here or even just discussions of some of the really typical problems that can arise ... can it really sometimes just be this smooth with no catch ?
we still have about 3.5 weeks until projected close so there 's still a lot of time for something to happen so maybe i 'm jinxing it .
but there 's not been any indication of anything being awry from the lender or the agents .
so now i have a b12 surplus and i 'm still vegan btw .
how do i change a focus tree for germany to my custom made .
i want them to keep their base focus tree but when my country has capitulated them i want germany to have my custom made focus tree .
do i have to load focus tree or something to make it work ?
i tried to install it but i can only find the plus version and the fabric version not the default one though .
does anybody else have this issue or is there another way of installing it without the curse forge launcher .
401games is sold out at 199 cad but have a deal which includes 1x 1st ed box and 2x unlimited boxes for 349 cad which is good but i 'm not really interested in unlimited .
anyone else had any luck on retailers in canada ?
i filed 3/1 and took 14 weeks to finally get a notice that i was being audited for claiming head of household i sent in all my kids birth certificates and socials report cards papers from their pediatrician with their names socials and addresses and i have n't got any updates on that yet but my real question is since i 'm being audited is that why i have n't received the child tax credit or the unemployment refund also ?
i 've never had this many problems with filing my taxes and i did n't see anything on their website to confirm that all payments would be held until the audit is up ?
would it mess up my refund even further if their other parent filed for the ctc with non filers tool and got the payment instead ?
the metal products that are overused or consumed and become no longer useful are called scrap metals .
those scrap metals are discarded or recycled and upcycled to make a new product .
without any loss in the quality the metal products are recycled over and over and are used for many purposes .
scrap metals are valuable resources that are not to be thrown away in the trash .
many companies can make the scrap metal pick up https metalmerchants.com.au/things-to-know-about-scrap-metal-pick-up-and-recycling from your home and business and they recycle those metals to make new products .
i know water fasting but that 's it am i allowed to drink squash or am i not ?
i 'm a teacher and i 'm making a lesson about the evening routines of third and fourth-year primary school students around the world .
what time do 9-10 year old venezuelan children go to bed on school nights ?
do they go to bed later on weekend nights ?
thank you very much in advance for your help !
after having listened to the boys for about 5 years now i wan na go to a show so damn bad .
i 've never been to any concert before and now that i 'm financially pretty independent and could actually buy my own tickets i want to go .
but ... i worry about trying to go alone .
most of my friends have moved away for college and irregardless none of them are into the boys .
my social anxiety definitely is n't as bad as it used to be but i still have some trouble even going in stores alone lmao .
i dunno guess i should just suck it up and go .
has anyone been to a show alone any show for that matter not just the boys ?
oh hope you like i am starting to repost under my own reddit
just to add onto the shelby story one of my good friends has a shelby mustang .
i always know when he 's at my office because i can feel the wall vibrate from his engine .
it 's probably the sexiest engine i 've ever heard .
yes he 's an insecure dysfunctional toxic abusive asshole .
i have n't heard the word cunt '' once .
i just keep mine in a cupboard or in the box the cans came from in the basement
pay for development and you can decide what gets made .
i was extremely sceptical about it.. but the product has made my hair feel amazing .
if i have all lessons on plus homeroom let 's pretend that i do n't have yard duty on this particular day that leaves me with approximately 15 minutes for recess which i usually spend talking to students and doing admin from the previous class student notes detention slips emails to parents checking the 10 emails i 've gotten from other staff members walking across campus to my next class setting up the classroom in prep for the next lesson .
40 minutes for lunch generally includes running detentions meeting with teachers to discuss students who are having a bad day so they 're aware calling parents and again more emails .
after school is spent in meetings planning lessons for the next day and following up wellbeing/learning issues like writing 5 different assessments for the various learning needs in the class more student notes emailing school psychologists to get referrals for students with mental health issues etc .
you 'll notice that none of that includes marking which as an english teacher is endless and is usually done later that night at home .
none of this stuff i 've listed is able to be done at other times so it 's not really a time management thing it 's just what you have to do in the industry .
teaching 's a great job but it 's a busy one !
i think this is true but she may not be doing it consciously .
i was a victim of sexual assault when i was 7 and 10 .
i was also the target of a sexual predator in our church who sought out invites to the homes of parishioners who had daughters my age .
he would hold us in his lap in front of our parents .
my mom repeatedly left me unprotected i think because she was unprotected as a child .
i recognize a lot of what hillary is doing to her kids putting them in the eyes of the predator she was the victim of .
it 's a weird dynamic repeating a cycle of violence .
please note that a response does not constitute a doctor-patient relationship .
while this is a place for advice replies may not be medically accurate .
do not assume that what others on here say is correct in any way .
reddit is not a replacement for an in-person dental professional .
please abide by the following rules in order to get an accurate answer to your question
1 ensure you include a title of your dental problem .
2 include whether you drink smoke or if you have any medical conditions relevant to your main concern .
3 include a photograph if the question relates to something you can see in your mouth include x-rays if you have them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdentists if you have any questions or concerns .
your post was removed because either your reddit account is too new or you do n't meet the minimum karma threshold or both .
we require a minimum account***-age and total karma post and comment that you do not meet .
messaging mods for the minimums will result in an immediate 30-day ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
it probably does n't even get them beyond the play-in tournament .
if we could close games we 'd have been closer to the blazer 's w/l record .
it is not about el generico being the best in the world people thought that about daniel bryan in 2006 already .
it 's about the perception of who was going to be the next big star to become wwe champion .
no one expected el generico to make it big in wwe in 2010 in 2013-2014 everyone was saying he was the next john cena because he was being so well booked in wwe 's nxt .
that 's the difference between the perception in 2010 and 2014 .
and sami zayn not making it kind of exposed that nxt was not the place to look for wwe 's future .
say the difference between somatization a symptom and straight up faking fainting more histrionic personality disorder behavior
yeah and you gon na have a great time getting banned
why do i feel like i just watched somebody die
former pizza delivery boy maybe this was not the standard but the 1.25 delivery fee that was added went 100 to me .
nearly every company is donating to anti lgbt politicians whilst branding themselves as allies .
the only difference is chikafila has decided to be open with its bigotry because its cynically decided that would be profitable .
i do n't think that 's happening bruh i think he ded
my path to work is a combination of road and gravel trail .
damn why are men such sociopaths who has time with this kind of behavior towards their partner specially something wrong in it of men 's brains
i hate going to bed because as soon as i do it i have to get up and go to work ''
is it more so used with people you identify as nonbinary ?
there are a lot more crazy people in this country than i thought there were .
reddit is full of people who like to act smarter than superior to others .
and if the police and military become dictators who will keep them in check
i 've always disliked vaush to some extent for his imperialism apologia and pretending to be an anarchist but never before have i actually realized that it was this bad .
beyond any sort of political beliefs if your reaction to this is anything but unconditional sympathy for his victims there is something seriously wrong with you .
no apology or context can change the fact that they are now scarred for life by his absolutely vile conduct .
i do n't even know what else to say other than that i hope his victims are getting support .
i 've been on propranolol for 5 years and it 's the only thing i take for my pots .
i increased in the first year from 10mg once a day to 20mg three times a day and that has been my stable dose ever since .
probably food but it 's useful for something pills science scenes and even bins in mini city rooms !
only if the listener is n't used to it .
this is one of the pathetic ironies behind attitudes like this .
their argument is basically that people are incapable of handling variation that if they do n't understand it it 's just not understandable and there is just no question whatsoever of them learning additional linguistic skills .
i 'm on mobile so i wo n't add links
it 's the finale people can go home right after .
please send feedback and phone diagnostics so they can fix this .
the cover side are just songs that somebody from tool was thought to be working on
i would say get them from best buy or some electronics store but open box you might be able to get a good deal
that 's a no brainer what the hell that 's a fat ass
the mavic air 2 has cool follow features ... spotlight point of intetest..
the air 2 is a nice upgrade over the mini 2 .
oh and its panorama photos are far superior compared to the mini 2 the air 2 stitches all photos together itself after taking a panorama .
ive got both and am speaking out of experience .
also i agree the fly more combo is always worth it .
so depite the head of the remain campaign admitting the other week that they told lies and that their goal was project fear to push every worst case scenario ... .it was leave who lied ?
'there was a deliberate attempt to exaggerate the economic risks of brexit ' lord rose ... .leader of the remain campaign
if you wanted to keep a vegan household you should have hired a vegan nanny .
what you 've done is say it 's ok for them to not be vegan and then been so inflexible as to make it incredibly difficult for them to maintain their chosen lifestyle .
it 's not up to you to make dietary choices for somebody else especially an employee .
you need to either part ways and get a vegan as a nanny or learn to compromise .
it 's a gnss rover with a survey controller on a pole .
its always easier to gain it then to give it up .
how is cheating in an online game at all related to copyright infringement ?
i am not man send me an invite i 'm only on my own one i know very little about discord
2016 was a really rough election i sure as fuck did n't want trump and did n't particularly want hillary either .
i do n't think i helped or hurt the situation but i 'll be honest i 'd have been happier with hillary .
we can have a civil discussion without you having to resort to insults .
i thought this was going to be on the darwin awards subreddit
work on your jawline you could easily pass as 20
oh great it 's 130 am and now i 'm hungry again .
and we all know how good '' this movies was .
that 's a very good outlook that i should incorporate into my own current outlook/standing on this souls game .
to protect the free peoples of middle-earth against advertisements repost bots trolls alt accounts of trolls cave trolls and others of a less than savory nature we have a mandatory threshold that users under 7 days and a combined karma count of 50 or under can not post .
if you are new to reddit and have n't passed the required threshold please do not contact the mods to ask for an exception .
simply begin using reddit by commenting and posting to gain the required karma .
awarded karma does not count towards your 50 karma .
farewell and may the hair on your toes never fall out !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lotrmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
had an experience like this crossing the street with 2 friends some years back i only stopped because i saw them stop out of my peripheral .
soon as i took my foot back a ford bronco oj style flew by so fast my clothes were blowing with the wind force definitely would 've been roadkill .
... ... ... ... ... ... ... .exactly ... ... ... ... ... .if they wo n't even listen to their government telling then to wear a piece of cloth over their faces to save their lives ... ... ... ... .they definitely wo n't listen to any of us ... ... ... ... ... ..
how bold of you to assume that the company managing the toll road is n't made up of greedy little goblin people .
you aint wrong but the real issue is blizzard as a whole i feel like with the lack of blizzard titles coming no ow2 updates what they did to hots and how they are bleeding players from wow and hearthstone plus them shedding talent and names over the last few years are all going to be brought into focus by the media as articles come out to shit on the company while its fresh .
would not be surprised if activision pulls and activision and kills the studio rolls their ip 's into another one and we get an activision games launcher .
cod or not if the 2nd half of your companies name has as much negative sentiment as they do it is gon na affect share price .
all i know is i bought more puts with the profit i made off my short put last week so either i make money or a once great game studio gets restructured and they make actually entertaining games again i call either a win .
k got ta go my dps queue for ow finally popped only took 17 minutes .
without asking your partner ''  honey can i grind the stripper ?
they had a long career going back to the early 60s as kids and a ton of hits as a psychedelic rock act .
their disco-era was actually a comeback after a few years as a folk/soul act .
my characters backstory is he got in prison for a murder he did not commit and thats literally the backstory for every online caracter .
u didntget hacked ur login was sold on an alt shop bart boughtit and immediatly customized his new account .
your post has been removed due to your account not meeting the required limit necessary to post here
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shefuckshim if you have any questions or concerns .
shout out to all my fellow debra and final fantasy boyos too !
smith was 37 years old in his final season where melbourne won the prem .
are we just ignoring the previous 16 years in the nrl lol .
i would answer with a hail satan '' if my mother would send me something like that but she is kind of an atheist too .
not to mention the samurais ca n't be pulled effectively with venti 's ult .
tfm refers to the fame monster 2009 an album by lady gaga .
u/_thanku-next u/_thanku-next can reply with delete '' to remove comment .
better he 's that than a pushover doormat piece of shit bishie boy who submits to everything a girl tells him and lets himself get walked over .
he 's got dignity and he 's one of the coolest nerds i 've seen in fiction so far
uesugi is the mc we need cause half the time most modern anime mc 's are just bottoms
it 's supposed to be mew suppasit 365 and it 's for the musician mew suppasits new album 365 source is my spare time at work today and a good google .
i 'm pretty sure we 're still gon na chant bobby !
whenever he comes to fiserv no matter what his jersey says
why tf would you expect anyone to look at this post and go yeah it is pretty self-evident what op means here in detail let alone broadly speaking ''
and i am not going to ask you wym either
pet snacks were the closest i ever got to really feeling like the game wo n't improve .
click here to message op http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=deepcans subject=gbr4r 20response
the comments on all r/gbr4r posts are now locked due to spam selling and pm me '' comments .
we do not lock the comments on posts with the meta tag so if you want to make a post discussing the state of the subreddit please post with the meta tag .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gbr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
turning up early works sometimes though ca n't blame them really .
as you can see i have a lot of money .
quote sauce https youtu.be/ba_ye-wjuam ? t=00h08m04s a rick-roll for sure ''
i would change it but rgb fusion is a shitty program that does n't work at all
same as others here i 've always opted to pay any bonus entirely into my pension to benefit from the income tax relief .
my employer will pass on the nic saving as others have suggested .
it 's looks like some really loud guava dawg i 've had before enjoy your smoke
usually when i give up a huge hit i say to myself yeah i shouldnt have throw that there '' or i shouldve known by my previous pitches that he was sitting on that spot .
whatever the case is when two people load into the game it doesnt just pick one guy to fuck over all game .
my wife and i would live yo meet you !
basically saying her vagina is as big as the ocean
please keep in mind that this subreddit is not a replacement for seeing a board certified dermatologist .
this subreddit is here for informal second opinions and minor problems that you would n't go to the doctor for anyway .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dermatologyquestions if you have any questions or concerns .
would you look at that all of the words in your comment are in alphabetical order .
i have checked 130,152,971 comments and only 33,215 of them were in alphabetical order .
sketchy management they do provide movies lots of movies but if they are sending my 'whatever they have on me ' to others i 'll gladly stay away from them and use rargb
this is your friendly automod here reminding you to check the rules https www.reddit.com/r/gachaclub/about/rules of our sub before you post .
https www.reddit.com/r/gachaclub/comments/ls929k/the_official_discord_server_of_rgachaclub ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf this comment does n't mean you 're breaking rules it 's just a reminder !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gachaclub if you have any questions or concerns .
i unironically would love to see tommy wiseau cohosting a let 's play channel in the role of the person who mostly just watches the other person play .
no both genders deserve power just those who hold the other gender as less worthy in their mind deserve no power at all .
if your work is n't computer only moving any item would destroy it the second time starts again .
unless your work can take place entirely in your mind in which case you 're golden .
peuc is one per week and it 's optional to record it on the website .
granted the edd always seems to be operating on an old geocities page so we 'll see how it shakes out i guess .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
is that caused by female selection or by a male arms race ?
males will chase every other male away leaving the females only with the biggest and the strongest .
i know that because not a single guy has unlocked aether on this sub yet !
yeah but thats unfair if nico didnt get the opportunity to be on the team with the 2 most successful drivers of all time he wouldnt have been able to beat them both on in the same car .
put that guy in there and he does the same !
friendly reminder regarding the reddit spoiler tag which is as follows ! spoilers go here !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/starwarscantina if you have any questions or concerns .
what concerns you about his fit on the team ?
i have n't watched him much in his career if i 'm being honest .
the most i know is he supposedly fixed his shot and plays decent defense but i 'm not much more knowledgeable on him than that .
they might not even qualify for countdown cup at this point
i do n't think that 's right please share if you have a link .
ian says he went to the bathroom and then wrote an article in the kitchen .
i do n't think he ever said he took a walk for hours that night .
11,624 356 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/otlb5u/dababy_apologizes_for_leaving_jews_out_of satire dababy apologizes for leaving jews out of offensive rant https www.theonion.com/dababy-apologizes-for-leaving-jews-out-of-offensive-ran-1847380705
5,868 1,375 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/ov6h5y/dababy_says_he_doesnt_know_questlove_after dababy says he does n't know questlove after drummer condemns his homophobic comments i ai n't even tryna be funny when i say ...
i do not know who dis n is dawg '' https www.nme.com/news/music/dababy-says-he-doesnt-know-questlove-after-drummer-condemns-his-homophobic-comments-3007713
5,852 1,565 comments r/hiphopheads/comments/os6dvj/dababy_launches_into_homophobic_rant_about_hiv dababy launches into 'homophobic ' rant about hiv and 'sucking d**k ' at rolling loud https www.pinknews.co.uk/2021/07/26/dababy-gay-hiv-rolling-loud-festival
3,361 165 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/ovfonb/fetty_waps_4_year_old_daughter_has_died fetty wap 's 4 year old daughter has died
a self made individual and your first home is your right .
it will always be in your self interest to have a partner that has a similar values .
man yeah i really struggled with physics my last class was 15 years ago before i started gamsat prep in the end got 76 on s3 with 2 months prep .
the biggest tip i would give you is that physics is actually the most intuitive of the sciences .
sometimes it 's really easy to get into your own head with the formulas etc. but the biggest tip is to think about a really relatable example to whatever the question is asking e.g .
a question where they ask something like 'on planet x with gravity y they drop a really heavy object from high up and a really light object from lower down which one reaches the ground first ' the final answer will still depend on the explicit values they give however you can often exclude some answer options immediately based on your own intuitive understanding e.g .
in this instance you might imagine holding a brick high up above you and a feather at waist height and dropping them simultaneously which ones reaches the ground first ?
same thing with questions with weight distributions levers imagine you and a friend lifting a couch with another friend sitting on it how will it feel if the sitting friend is in the middle of the couch versus closer to one of the ends ?
or mirrors lenses imagine you 're at a fun fair you see yourself looking short and flipped over in a mirror what is your natural feeling of what happened there ?
this strategy wo n't help you get a specific number but it will definitely help you exclude some of the wrong answers .
it may be the same camera as the af-1 super .
well you could just call them like any other card number is on back of the card so you might want to note that somewhere for just in case .
else back up your 2fa would do that anyways again just in case your device gets lost stolen crashes what ever with the backup you can just install cdc on a backup device like tablet another phone ... install 2fa from backup code log in and freeze the card ... call might be easier and faster though
the only thing with the character of the variant loki is that he attempted to invade new york killing thousands three days before .
one day you 're going to attempt backing out of a parking spot but instead bounce off the rev limiter because you forgot you 're still in park .
i can give everyone stupid looks i love it lmao
but every personnel that has been seen on tv in wwe are hot why is n't sasha banks or roman reigns accused of that ?
or why is n't cesaro using his good looks to get higher up the card or lana .
smallpox was actually dangerous tho it did n't have a 99 survival rate .
ich habe keine wirtschaftlichen kenntnisse um berhaupt darber eine aussage treffen zu knnen .
zum 31.12.2020 waren 26,5 milliarden banknoten mit einem gegenwert von 1,43billionen euro im umlauf im euroraum .
das sind 1430 milliarden euro oder 1,430,000 millonen euro .
ob da ein paar milliarden mehr was ausmachen wrden wei ich nicht aber fr mein verstndnis nicht wirklich bei dieser enormen geldmenge weil wie gesagt nur ein kleiner teil des geldes berhaupt in bargeld umgetauscht werden wrde .
der grte teil davon wird digital bleiben ob bei kauf von sachgtern immobilien oder direkt wieder aktien oder hnliches .
make sure to post your link as a comment in your post so people know where to find you .
if you are looking for more subreddits to join we welcome you to check out our onlyfans101 network which include the following subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansasstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
everyone talks about pyramid schemes but noone ask about hexagonal prisim schemes
did you go out in public with them tho ?
if you did shame on you if you did n't good on ya .
honestly though the girls all looked fire but.. like it is always up to personal taste as well !
but if we 're talking make it more diverse beautystandarts-wise '' what pissed m e off was that the guys looked like they could have just asked the last non-overweight five of whatever men that walked down the street while the girls looked carefully selected .
i forgot her name that happens to me a lot um.. kelly ?
this was n't a specific order and lc idk is not my personal type but i guess she 's also pretty .
oh and amber ofc i think she 's goodlooking as well as i said no specific order here !
whereas the men.. like as individuals they were ok you know ai n't nothing wrong with having some flaws but the proportion was off !
the women did n't have as many flaws at all superficially spoken .
and i ofc agree that they also could make it more diverse it could be cruel though to for example put a caretaker-needing strongly disabled person on this show cause.. it would look so intentional like look !
we got a disabled one lol let 's see if so and so will wan na take on the responsibility ! ''
idk maybe before doing that you 'd need to make a survey amongst disabled people weather they 'd be happy to see it and what they want to be taken into consideration if they demand things like if you 're gon na put someone from our community on the show do n't just pick one person for your quote '' or if they think that 's using their community for clickbait or if they 're like honestly guys of course we wan na demand more but if otherwise we do n't get any representation whatsoever again then for god 's sake give us at least one participant that is somewhere under our umbrellaterm cause the world does n't have much representation in stock for us yet so just do it but try to be tactful ok. no you 're not gon na have done enough then but at least a small part ''
yeah she actually very powerful after the war arc ofc no where near the same level as naruto an sasuke she the strongest out these and neji my fav character
i get postponing page vs omega if page 's likely taking paternity leave soon but omega vs christian would be a really disappointing ppv world title match .
it will be a challenge to keep/get this story as hot as it is right now when they come back to it but i hope they can .
your submission has been removed and marked for moderator approval .
they will review this post and approve if appropriate .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nonononoyes if you have any questions or concerns .
what 's the difference between a depression and a recession ?
in a recession somebody you know loses their job .
the pandemic does n't feel deadly because most people have n't lost someone close .
this is especially true of people on the senator 's end of the socioeconomic spectrum .
nigger i just want an excuse to farm my nwordbotcount and be edgy
just to let you know used cards are also being sold in market as miners are selling them at cheap price .
you do need to farm for better crit stats maybe around 60/120 would be good .
whilst going vegan gives a sense of control again it 's not just individual consumer based choices that will stop climate change .
i know in theory '' that supply and demand dictates that if no one buys meat at all then meat wo n't be farmed etc .
but even if that were the case some dill weed like bezos could spend billions to go into space and pollute the earth while doing it .
it also wo n't stop oil barons from seeking out oil for profit because everyone still has to use a car in na because we designed our cities around cars and not public transit .
no seriously most workers do not ride share because it 'd be inconvenient for them and require them to go out of their way because people live on different places .
so most often it 's maybe a family that takes the same car or everyone who works drives themselves .
so a car for a single person at less than max capacity .
it at the same time wo n't stop lobbyists from pushing against public transit because it reduces revenue from the auto and oil industry .
by all means be vegan but if you are n't pushing for wider policy changes and against capitalistic modes of production you are n't doing much .
your previous race got fucked because of some other driver this just somewhat makes up for it .
seems your response was to a different also valid criticism to the idea of natural '' immunity .
in the more mystic or tantric sects of hinduism we 're taught and hopefully learn how to consciously repeat this type of experience .
by beseeching the deity through the fine art of puja or bhakti or by learning advanced yoga techniques we can beckon such experiences as simply as deciding to go for a swim in a pond the ocean etc .
it 's not meant to be a one-off but rather a gateway .
unfortunately some folks get stuck on that singular experience and figure that 's all there is to it .
this is important information and clarifies why it should be in the sub .
if we are comparing this to league which you havnt in this post it takes a long time to get a char for free .
we ca n't expect to get a character by grinding for 1-2 weeks .
i kind of wish that you could use tickets to buy pokmon but it is what it is
mmm makes me wan na give you a lump in your throat ... ..
if you think this was in error feel free to contact the mods modmail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amihot if you have any questions or concerns .
that was my first thought when i saw the band mentioned .
i live about 20 miles north of louisville and just learned that that band is from ky !
there are still dozens of builds you can play this league that can all do all content .
your experience '' is also called by saying you test builds '' .
not having to test builds is what experience is for and any top player can figure out if something works before even playing it .
heavens no i would n't want to change that .
it has shaped the way i think maybe need to think and put me on my path .
i dont think id have half the affinity for puzzles and problem solving i have now if i thought in pictures instead of relations between attributes .
i mean maybe i would who knows but its not something that really hinders you in life i dont think .
it made art classes in middleschool a pain though haha imagine not knowing wether a line looks right or wrong until you actually draw it .
painlesspoisons please do n't yelldo n't title your posts in all caps .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/market76 if you have any questions or concerns .
not that aot is too mature for them i first watched it at 7 i mean i ca n't imagine a 10 year old wanting to go on a discussion sub for laughing at morons talking about the themes of aot .
but hey 10 year olds are pretty smart so maybe they do .
it doesnt hurt nor is it hot so i dont think its infected .
i try to litha it but the redness and swelling doesnt go away .
i used septasol 2 a day for 2 weeks like my piercer told me to pierced at a reputable piercer
yo i dont think this is a good idea mr wipe
google gives me about 1,000 different answers since this popped up in my head in the middle of the night .
the mfm mentioned last week that my ob will probably scheduled nsts so i 'll just ask about it at my appointment in a few days .
you will never be able to eat another hotpocket an affront to your right as a libertarian .
italy did this just recently in the euro 's after locking in top seed .
seriously we have got to stop shit like this .
women/minorities wonder why they 're not being treated equally and then constantly put down everyone else .
you ca n't expect people to hear you out when you keep making them feel like there 's something wrong with them from existing .
how did you get your blockfi card to give you eth rewards ?
even if they are invest in crypto they might not even know how it works .
i had the same issue but my lightball was as far from the power conduit as possible where it would still connect saving some steel .
i added another couple of conduit segments and it 's been working fine since .
i do n't know if that actually fixed it or if it was just coincidence .
contact u/tapucosmo https www.reddit.com/user/tapucosmo if there are any issues .
i would of had to have said something smart to her .
i work 70 hours a week and some mornings i wash my face and put on moisturizer and plan to do my makeup at work .
well some days i am too busy during the lunch shift .
i totally forget that i do n't have my makeup on and they need to be happy that i am concentrating on giving them good service rather than in the bathroom doing my face while they sit there and wait !
imagine if it was ... a bj would cost 200k and insurance company pimps would make street pimps look like ghandi !
you 've got 24 hours or we break both your legs and send you to an out of network emergency room ! ''
does it have to be based on bitcoin '' ?
if they base it on ethereum '' we can go with scroteum '' .
upgrade kits to buy motor turbo transmission wheel ecu nitro
for 5 epic purple parts add 4 to each material
i think that test done is not a good stress for the hardware since games in pc now are rarely streaming assets constantly .
the new ratchet clank is the first game i know that streams big chunk of assets most of the time which no other games at present doing the same thing .
i 'm not saying this is only possible for ps5 just to clear things here
the stores here are quite far and i 'm always in a rush especially when i 'm taking care of my family i always use my electric scooter for nearby '' groceries and i use our car for bulkier chores .
i walk our dog to the park 4 times a week tho .
i was surprised btc 2 down 90 of other cryptocurrencies in green numbers ...
you clearly have no idea what you 're talking about .
do n't let them scam you out of your earnings or your labor .
if they are n't paying you for your time then there is no reason to strike '' they have the ability to pay ics stop being exploited 
woah thats so cool please tell me where you got that hat
holy shit and i thought i could be bad with my money .
i agree with the people saying obviously a handrail should n't be used by this but the downvotes you got also seem to be from people not understanding that what you 're saying is pretty standard .
we do scaffolding and staging always engineered to support 4x the intended load or purpose .
everything about what we do has a safety factor of 4 pretty much .
so yes bike on handrail bad but handrail breaking is also bad .
if a balanced life style keeps you at a healthy plateau then what if you need to lose weight to get to that healthy weight ... that 's literally about losing weight .
needs 2 provision cost then maybe it wo n't be so oppressive
you just caused a huge load to spill out of me !
fairly certain there is i just do n't remember the name right now so keep on looking do n't give up
r/nsfwhardfuck hardcore sex and hard fuck porn for everyone .
r/itsporn you 'll know it when you see it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jizzedtothiss if you have any questions or concerns .
they are holding onto in hope he can be in a competitive cubs team .
my dad says his job is more akin to customer service now than actual nursing and has been a nurse for 20 some years
better to profit off their cowardice rather than not profit if they later find the guts to do it .
nobody 's undermining anything they asked a question as i 'm sure they were not aware of what goes into an actual tied medal scenario .
hardline shouldve been the succesor to bc2 the nature of cops vs robbers is a setting that can be a lot more light hearted
saw this anyways up-voted anyways because your eyes are just amazing as is the rest of you ! ! !
if you buy all yeah i can do that .
how do you wan na divide the trades up ?
those that have to play loud music or music in nature are not nature lovers are a bit scared and betting insecure .
i love music but hate it when others are drowning out mother nature .
i can see some tunes in a campground but keep it low enough that it ca n't be heard in the next camp site .
the whole saga including the novella about bree and the gender swap twilight
there are some lines for me where i do not play anymore once they are crossed .
make sure the value of a safeword is understood .
punishing anything that has to do with it seems off in my eyes .
maybe that depends on how extreme your sessions are too  i would argue mine can be a bit extreme .
generally you have to have a sign posted that the land is private .
tow companies are out the money for towing a legally parked vehicle and liable for all damages .
the cars legal owners permission a sign clearly posted near the vehicle stating that vehicles will be towed or a legal authority aka a cops permission .
some states default position is all property is private unless otherwise stated so they may have tow companies more willing to tow a random car at a land owners request but with all the idiots that would literally just call a tow company out of spite they still generally want the police to give the go ahead .
that is what the numbers say due to the skew of the s armies .
dentists are gon na be extremely well-fed during the apocalypse .
it does n't matter if you 're one of the r/preppers either you ca n't work on your own teeth .
your weekly r/popheads roundup for the week of july 25 july 31
true it was maybe too soon for her to be back but she delivered to this season as much as other girls so she is an all-star and do n't think there is need to debat that .
you 're both roasted for apparently being drunk at an applebee 's or some other shitty chain restaurant .
i mean horrific experiments on humans is not far off 
please shut the fuck up and use words properly you fuckin troglodyte do you think god gave us a freedom of speech just to spew random words that have no meaning that does n't even correllate to the topic of the conversation ?
like please you always complain about why no one talks to you or no one expresses their opinions on you because you 're always spewing random shit like poggers based cringe and when you try to explain what it is and you just say that it 's funny like what ?
what the fuck is funny about that do you think you 'll just become a stand-up comedian that will get a standing ovation just because you said cum '' in the stage ?
hell no you fuckin idiot so please shut the fuck up and use words properly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
sorry your post has been removed bc your account is under the legal r/4chan age .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/4chan if you have any questions or concerns .
because we all know taxes are only for roads and bridges ...
this man really has no other social interaction he dead replied to me in under 5 min boy is sad asf
i also think jon 's eventually getting resurrected though probably not excessively early in the book imho .
but it would be the ultimate troll if martin gave us one or a few jon chapters that are actually about the other pov jon .
i wonder how he will handle two povs called jon though assuming that 1 he will start using joncon 's name on chapter titles like he has been doing to the other unnamed povs and 2 he is n't killing off joncon before jon snow is back to life .
that old yugo stuff still slaps in my experience .
i feel like i 'm one of the only people who never stopped wearing a mask .
i 'm fully vaccinated a healthy young adult and do n't have anyone in my family who is at high risk .
however if there 's something painless and easy that i can do to help keep myself and those around me safer then i 'm sure as hell gon na keep doing it until cases drop to zero .
the barrel pin groove is precut to match the headspacing with the trunnion and the bolt even if it was pressed into the trunnion you 'd have to press it back out so you can rivet the trunnion into the receiver first .
reminds me of the video where a trainer slaps a milkshake out of his clients hands from a few years ago .
there is no fight club reference we do n't talk about that ...
thank you so much for listening d glad you like it 3
i 've also noticed the ones i picked up today with the normal fabric are just not a stuffed .
they 're pretty lumpy and the material is saggy in areas .
imagine ruined kayle vs sentinel morgana that would have been so cool
shaming addicts is the worst thing you could do to try and help them .
maybe i should 've edited in a slow mo shot ...
does anyone else think it 's fucking ridiculous to have different styles of swimming each giving medals ?
imagine the 100m running backwards or 200m silly walks race as serious olympic events .
i do n't have hands to report the fucking killing ... you are a monster ''
you are bound by us law regardless what part of the world you 're in .
she signed a contract expecting to get theatrical release money not streaming money .
this is one of the cutest and most thought out proposals i 've seen
look all i 'm trying to say is that mercedes still is n't leading by a mile and could lose it pretty easily and that is a bit ridiculous if you look at everything that happened this season .
and with all the unforced errors they made they have only themselves to blame for that .
so i do n't see why they should be the role model for how to win a wdc this year .
and i definitely remember lewis complaining throughout the race .
why am i last those cars are so hard to follow i definitely wo n't win this anymore hell toto had to radio in to motivate him alonso 's driving is so dangerous he was n't .
and that was after they dropped back by their own fault .
i would like to see how lewis reacts when a red bull causes him to drop back or out of the race .
i think it would be pretty similar to what we saw now .
edit just to clarify by 'what we saw now ' i mean what we saw by red bull after silverstone and today .
first try to prioritize what 's important and let the rest of it go .
things like what you 're wearing and what haircuts you 're getting are pretty irrelevant now because clearly once you 're an adult you can change that .
it 's this fear that your father 's going to kill you that you need to address .
one has to wonder why he 's not in prison for kidnapping you .
but if you 're given the chance to speak in court just express that you 're afraid of your father .
ask the judge if a restraining order ca n't be arranged .
it needs to start getting into the court records that this man is a danger to his family .
anyone know what the university policy is on submitting a final like ... 6 hours late ?
i had a final due this morning that i forgot to take but it was still available on canvas so i took it .
any chance i get like ... any credit at all on the final ?
if sylvie comes to the game i 'd love to see her have an interaction like if there is an enemy dr .
strange or any other revive mechanic toon on the enemy team have them revive one of your allies .
i 've been trying to tell people i 'm suicidal and no one cares .
i 've been on and off depressed and suicidal since i was 13 .
19 years later this is the closest i 've ever been to carrying it out plan underway .
my marriage just ended and i 'm still close to my ex .
she has attempted suicide before and also lost people to suicide but she wo n't be here for me even though she 's still the closest person i have i 'm severely isolated and do n't have any close friends she would n't even talk to me about it .
i feel like a pos and everyone around me is reinforcing that .
i posted some very sad poetry and a picture of two wrists with flowers growing out of the slit parts i drew it to instagram and no one even commented .
my former best friends ghosted over the past few years .
three people have said that i 'm a lot '' to deal with over the years especially when in this state .
my sister is even visiting me from across the country and i 've told her that i want to be hospitalized i do n't have health insurance or the money to pay for it and she 's more concerned that we sightsee rather than helping me .
there are so many signs and also i have n't been shy about telling people how i feel .
i raised myself and have been truly alone for a long time .
i know that it 's possible to get better an incredible uphill battle it would be even for me ive done it before .
but also i kind of regret not doing this sooner and i do n't believe in hell so i 'd rather just poison myself and be quiet .
so i get a message loading into a game saying reconnecting happens every so often normally just hit reconnect and it 's fine .
but i was n't really paying attention and just hit a so it selected the option to restart the game i do n't know who would ever want to select this option so the fact that it starts on it is an issue of its own .
when i load back in i ca n't move .
the game is clearly picking up my control inputs i can move the camera etc but no movements/attacks work .
so i realize that it 's still being controlled by the cpu even after i reconnected .
because of this my team lost and i lost performance points and got fair play penalties .
i am curious as to how different modern fortnite gameplay is in comparison to what they originally had in mind .
in early ads the bases looked a lot like real shelters and in the early days players actually tried to make things resembling these ... now if you wasted your time time making a base like that you would be laughed at..
i think the editing feature was intended to make more detailed housing structures not to be used in the middle of fighting..
i just wonder if the creators are amazed with what the players turned this game into ...
the good news is that they seem to be open and supportive !
the bad news is they seem disinterested in getting vaccinated
i 'm going to college in a really red county in a southern state so i 'm already nervous .
it 's my first year even being fully out to myself so every experience is new .
so while i 'm happy they seem supportive on the phone they 've already said they may struggle with pronouns .
which is understandable enough but i 'm nervous they 'll be all supportive on the phone then flip when we move in if conflict happens or i try to push for pronouns .
idk i 'm excited on one hand than nervous on the other .
i have my own room so i do n't have to worry about awkward space sharing but we 've also all discussed how excited we all are to move in and hhhhh .
just wanted to share my nervous excitement and see anyone was experiencing anything similar with covid affecting housing and how they were handling it .
i been playing bedwars for a month now and i have seen little to no improvement at all .
my friends are all rushing middle and getting kills while i keep dying .
can someone help me get better at bedwars and pvp in genral .
honestly i do not think cash is playing her cards right .
she let charlie know that she plans to rekindle with cinco and cinco just went home .
so back in the day last year i ordered a sharpstar refractor 61edphii.it https 61edphii.it had the option to get the .08 focal reducer/flattener with it ...
my question is with larger scopes i do n't see any offered with a reducer .
i 'm looking at the 100mm 100 as an upgrade
but this one and a lot of them do n't seem to even mention needing a reducer ... so is this the case .
at higher focal lengths are reducer/flatteners no longer needed ?
when i reflect my logical mind was screaming out to me at times when she showed her erratic behaviour saying i should n't be in a relationship with this person .
i knew deep down i probably should n't be but i stayed .
i guess i was hanging on to hope of what she showed during the love bombing stage .
also i think it was because i saw potential i saw the 'good '' side and was so desperately hoping that she 'd some how change .
but i ca n't change her and that 's not up to me to changge other people .
but i stayed based on that and got burnt in the end .
it felt good in the moments and everything but my gut/logical mind was right in the end
sad anime that will make you cry sad anime recommendations https www.myanimeforlife.com/sad-anime-that-will-make-you-cry-recommendations
my sister is in the military and the last time she was home she wanted me to take care of her family in her absence .
that is to take care of her lads and provide her husband the pleasure of sex .
she wanted someone trustable to do this than some stranger and i did n't have any reservations about helping her in such way and being a mother to her lads .
at first i used to go to her husband 's place every morning and then come back by the evening .
once the restrictions in here got stricter it got difficult for me to move around like this on a daily basis .
so he asked me to move in with them and i did .
this led to more sex and more often which we both enjoy .
we are n't in a relationship but it 's purely physical .
in the beginning of this year she was home and during then i went back to my place .
on the day she left i moved in back with him and living with him as of now .
relive the crescendo of 21st century gt racing with nars as we run the gt1 mod by outl w. variable weather pro and am classes across the racing venues from the 2010 season .
spend time with one of the most open and accessible sim communities in the world for some great action in american time zones on thursday nights .
https discord.gg/4ckmjpx https discord.gg/4ckmjpx or visit online https cmsracing.com/thursday https cmsracing.com/thursday
when i put in my info in i get the error '' '' illegalargumentexception '' '' errormessage '' '' there was a problem processing your credit card please double check your data and try again. '' .
i have tried so many times with different cards and it wont work .
first i feel like i should give a bit of background .
my cousin 22m and i 21m have always acted like two really close brothers since we were little .
despite this we have both grown up in very different situations .
he grew up in a very rugged and abuse physically emotionally and even sexually filled childhood and always moved from household to household .
while i lived a very shut-in life staying in my room playing games constantly all while doing what i believed was expected of me .
getting good grades not getting myself in trouble that sort of thing .
by the end he turned out to be very extroverted and seemingly helps out where he feels needed .
and i turned out very introverted developed selective mutism and really only do things asked of me or what i want to do .
he started turning his horrible life around around the age of 16 or 17 .
and began to introspect and change what he found problematic .
and as of right now i believe he thinks that he fixed all of his issues .
he introduced me to the idea of introspection a little over a year ago after a huge meaningless fight which i admit that i was in the wrong .
after a bit of hesitation i decided for myself that i should follow in his path and do introspection .
i had found that i had deep rooted anger tied to when i do n't do things right .
for example getting mad at myself for messing up in a game or getting mad at myself when the art piece i worked on did n't turn out the way i envisioned .
since the start of my introspection journey i 've been improving at a very slow rate which i am completely fine with .
recently i have fallen into a state of depression for my family decided to move out to the country .
i 'm not going to shift to asking for advice on my immediate family matter that 's for another time .
my cousin and i both agreed that once we are financially capable that we 'd move back to the city and start our lives without either of our parents getting involved .
he 's got a very unique voice and has all the looks of a desirable/attractive person .
and he wishes to make use of that to carve his path for the future .
but now i 'm starting to wonder if i should throw out our plans and distance myself or even throw him out of my life .
starting last night my cousin and i got into what i see as a meaningless altercation .
we have been in many arguments before but none have ever been this bad .
he had sent me a youtube video about a problem that i have never even heard about and he asked me to watch it and give my opinion on it .
i had begun to watch it and quickly became disinterested in it and i did n't want to watch the full 40 minute video so i looked at the description and got the tl dr of it .
i had told him that i did n't care about it '' and i did n't give an opinion on it .
he slammed back at me saying if you do n't care to think about it then you are part of the problem . ''
i immediately felt attacked and we went on to argue about how i did n't want to give an opinion and that i should care about the problem and spread the message to other people for a problem that i did n't know existed and did n't care about .
finally i had enough and just went to sleep and i would come back to it in the morning with a calm mind .
in the morning i thought about everything that was said and wrote a huge paragraph stating that the problem he presented does n't affect me at least at the current moment so why should i care about it and that i was n't going to spread the message to other people and even then who would i spread it too ?
after he got up we started going at it again .
him telling me that i should prevent a potential problem in the future and that i should be proactive '' instead of reactive . ''
and i continued to ask him why i should care about a problem that might not even happen ?
why should i waste my time and effort on something that might not happen .
which he responded by saying if it does n't happen then you prevented it . ''
which i only believe is true if you can actually see that you prevented it .
after more long winded back and forth spouting i finally caved in and watched the full video which seemed to be littered with tangents .
and i formulated my opinion on the issue and gave it to him .
he seemed pleased and was even interested that i added on my own take to an opinion that we both agreed on .
at this point i had felt that yeah i might have just been in the wrong here and that i was the reason this had drawn on so long .
but then after we started patching up he asked me for another opinion on another problem .
this time i actually gave my opinion after a bit of why are you doing this ? ''
instead of respecting my opinion and moving on he said that it was problematic and causes issues .
all i had done was state how i 'd handle the situation he presented because it 's how it 'd work for me and he says i 'm wrong . ''
again he says that i should think about it '' and continued to degrade my opinion .
he says he 's doing what i think is right '' and that my viewpoint was wrong to me . ''
i told him why ca n't we just agree to disagree '' which he completely ignored and continued to berate my opinion .
i finally had enough and told him to quit shoving your ideals onto other people '' and that i 'm not some clay you can mold to how you want . ''
on my way to the store he texts me you muted me on discord .
and i responded to him with says the person trying to force his lollipops and rainbows ideals onto people . ''
i also told him that i was n't going to sit there and be abused for having different ideals . ''
he said that we wil ltalk more later '' and claims that he 's not abusing me .
my cousin who i 've been very close to my whole life tried to make me form an opinion on a problem i did n't care about .
and after i gave in and gave him one he asked for another opinion on something else .
which i responded to and he berated my opinion that i did n't view as wrong but he did .
of course please read the full thing for full context .
i 'm completely fine if you take his side but no matter what side you take i want a reason .
i need to know if i 'm the wrong one and why so i can learn and change .
and if i 'm not the wrong one then what 's his deal ?
if you think we 're both wrong that 's fine too but please tell why .
i 'd personally like to see nuclear physicist but have it only focused on radiation damage and weapons .
best hot and sexy anime to watch top sexy anime list https www.myanimeforlife.com/best-hot-and-sexy-anime
note make sure you enter the code before purchasing your 1st subscription as you will not be able to do so after !
when you purchase a subscription for the first time you will get
friendship circlet increases exp earned by 20 when level 25 and below .
aetheryte ticket x 99 players in possession of an aetheryte ticket when using teleport will not incur a gil fee .
ballroom etiquette improper greetings using this will unlock a new emote fist bump fistbump
10 silver chocobo feathers trade to the calamity salvager npc for special items .
the calamity salvager npc can be found in limsa lominsa gridania or ul'dah .
throughout these past months i 've been sharing with you various concerns about our council members .
we as a community have been concerned about some of their goals not matching ours but we 've never been worried about unprofessionalism .
regardless of what side we 're on our council has always treated our viewpoints with respect .
today in requesting a follow up on unprofessional comments made by the city attorney to my wife and myself during the last council meeting i was informed by vice-mayor donald terry that i will not be responding to you .
this was the entirety of the response and i 'm shocked at terry 's complete lack of professionalism .
of all the words he could have used he chose these .
but this is n't the first time he 's looked down on us so these words should n't come as a surprise .
i understand that a recall effort might be brewing to remove terry and others based on this response my wife and i think it might be the right time for it .
i ca n't imagine a worse person than donald terry pretending to lead people when he himself obviously thinks so little of us .
i hope you will share this message with other like-minded people .
to be fair i received a very nice response from david sander who seems to be the only person on our council who cares about us .
are there any good d2 books not how to play .
sometimes and it 's real annoying bc they change what they do n't want me wearing so oftennnn
i 'm renovating a house i just bought and starting to map out my setup .
i have a fios connection which i can run into a closet that i was thinking of using as my sort of home base .
i can mount a switch in the closet to hardwire a few items for now 2 apple tv 's and anything else that may come up down the road .
my house is just big enough that i 'll need an extender or 2nd router .
would it be a bad idea to have one router in the closet connected directly to the fios ?
i can then either have an extender elsewhere in the house or hardwire another router .
the house is 2,200 square feet but it 's mostly one story with one bedroom upstairs .
my thinking on the closet is it 's close to where the fios line comes into the house so will be easy to setup .
there is n't currently an ideal place to setup a router on that side of the house covers kitchen dining room laundry and bathroom other than this closet or maybe mounting on the wall .
hello all i thought everyone should grab this menu code which works with all input types !
i posted this on r/romancebooks and thought i should put here too because there are a couple mmf posts here and i 'm sure many/some mm readers also read mmf romances .
also these are just my opinions as a gay man
first i would like to say that this post is not meant to bash people who write or read mmf romances .
it is to merely point out the queer issues seen in mmf/mmmf romances
1 mmc1 and mmc2 ca n't have a real relationship '' unless they bring in a women
maybe i 'm just too sensitive but in my opinion it really invalidates same-sex relationships and relationships between two bisexual men .
i 'm sure there are bisexual men who do feel this way but when a cishet author is writing it it does come across as pretty problematic
2 mmc1 and mmc2 love each other until they get with fmc
mmc1 and mmc2 are in an already established relationship and they love each other until they hook up with fmc .
afterwards they literally seem like strangers unless they are all having sex .
there are little to no romantic interactions between the them and most of their thoughts are devoted to the fmc .
sometimes they even get jealous of eachother when they spend time with fmc
3 the relationship between mmc1 and mmc2 is underdeveloped .
often times the fmc is the central character which is perfectly fine .
however sometimes they become so central to the plot that all of mmc1 's and mmc2 's thoughts emotions and behaviors are devoted to the fmc .
i mean at this point just make it a mfm book but then there would be no taboo '' aspect to it and at that point yes it is fetishizing bisexual men .
i am a firm believer that anyone should be able to write any type of romantic pairing between adults except this one .
no one especially cishet authors should ever be writing this type of a book ever .
there are so many problems that i do n't know where to start .
i 've unfortunately come across both m/f books and m/m/f but since this post is about mmf then that 's what i discuss cough cough k. webster cough cough .
i just do n't know how a cishet author can sit at their desk and think to themselves you know what i should a write a story about a gay man falling in love with a woman '' and not see anything wrong with it .
this whole trope is literally gay men just need to find the right women . ''
and in a mmf context just because they still end up with a man at the end of the book somehow makes this trope okay ?
also someone mentioned in the other subreddit we should not assume someone 's gender or sexual identity .
however we can assume for the most part that the author knows their own gender and sexual identity .
therefore regardless of whether or not people know your gender or sexual identity you should still always be respectful when writing about a marginalized group .
i 19m graduated from hci last year did pretty well for my a levels and i 'm looking to help some local students with their academics for free !
i had some experience with peer tutoring and took bcme h3 chemistry last year
if you guys need any help or are interested to find out more just dm me !
also if you guys want some resources or notes that i collated over the past few years or just someone to get advice from do let me know as well
i knkw exams are coming soon but y'all got this okay !
i completely feel your pain hahah been there done that !
i messed up something with my online service account and i ca n't claim unemployment .
i tried to call the customer support number 1888-833-3000 but it always says it 's busy .
so i want to know if anyone was able to reach the online account support service .
hey folks here 's the monthly thread where you can post what you 've been working on and give feedback on other people 's work .
please remember that what goes around comes around so if you expect feedback make sure you are giving it out too .
you might also notice i retooled the title for simplicity .
i hope this does n't upset anyone i 'm not sure why it would
producers of any experience level are welcome to post their tracks here .
if you post a track it 's highly recommended that you take the time to comment on someone anyone else 's track in the thread .
praise and/or constructive criticism are what we 're aiming for .
we have no tolerance for toxicity or unwarranted negativity aimed at the members of this sub .
if you were late to post in the july thread within 2-3 days of the new thread and feel you got shortchanged feel free to re-post your music here .
i did n't even need to ask for or remind them about repayment .
they literally paid the loan back 4 days early .
listen i was on wattpad which i know is the worst for fanfics but i was bored but i found a stir that interested me even though the first 2 chapters are rushed but izuku had a quirk called me for you which basically saves a life at the cost of his own and i leave wattpad and now i ca n't find it
i love my mother i 've always wanted her in my life i mean what girl wouldnt .
i find myself jealous of other women 's relationships with their mothers .
when i see women doing things with their daughters normal things like getting their nails done going shopping together getting food anything really i find myself scowling out of jealousy .
the first time she told me to my face i was ruining her marriage i was 11 the first time she told me i was n't her daughter i was 12 .
i was a daddy 's girl and she felt like he gave me too much attention and that he chose me over her .
she told me later in life when became an adult that she thought my father was molesting me as a child and ultimately she was jealous at the thought of that .
i was shocked to hear this i could n't fathom as a mother thinking my daughter was being molested by my husband and getting jealous first a foremost and not angry at him but also not doing a damn thing about it .
she never even had the good touch bad touch '' talk with me or ever asked if i was touched inappropriately which i was not for the record the last time she told me i ruined her marriage was a little over a year ago and my 20th birthdays this coming up now .
it hurt to know she really still felt that way i 'd thought we had made some progress in our relationship over the years but i geuss we 've just avoided each other more than anything .
the last two years i 've been really trying i plan lunches things on holidays/birthdays ect .
she missed my last birthday the lunches i planned with suprise gifts on mothers day the last two years the gifts i had for her and dinner planned for her birthday every time i think i have the chance to just spend some time with her and act like a mother and daughter it just seems like she does n't care to put in even a fraction of the effort i have .
i 'm giving her another chance this week i planned a lunch with her and my grandmother .
i have n't seen much of her since my sister 's birthday last year .
but at this point i think i 'm just setting myself up to get hurt .
my mind is always searching for the answer never finding anything that lasts for more than a few minutes .
a slight glimmer of hope that is about as strong as a paper bag .
quick dopamine fixes only last so long too and have become less appealing over time .
trying to find things to fill the void ends up bearing no fruits .
i have no desire to keep going i 've done the things i 've wanted to do that are within my realistic abilities .
i 'm writing this out of pure boredom and frustration to try to make some sense of it all but these words have provided nothing more than some evidence that my attempts to find comfort and happiness have failed .
i wish i could go back to being a kid where i never gave life a second thought and just lived in the moment .
i know too much and the world is cruel and cold .
although these words are my depressing truth i need to keep going if only for my friends and family 's sake .
i 'm curious about whether people who both cross stitch and embroider find one more difficult than the other .
i only cross stitch as of now although i 'd like to try embroidery sometime but i 've seen some sites say embroidery is easier because you do n't have to adhere as closely to the pattern .
to me having a pattern that you can adhere closely to is exactly what makes cross stitch so easy !
to be honest i did n't even notice until i just posted on twosentencehorror so uhhh happy cake day to me i guess !
hey my name is laurel i come from california usa i 'm a huge sanrio and manga anime fan .
tokyo mew mew is one of my favorite series .
i am 28 years old but i do n't feel like it .
i live with my fiancee mom and a lot of fur babies as well as 2 pet chickens .
i am open to penpal friends of any age gender identity or nationality with similar interests .
it would be great to meet some long time friends .
people usually say i 'm nice and easy to get along with .
i like to eat a plant based diet and i am bisexual so i am queer friendly .
some other things i like to do are admire lolita fashion collect stationery draw explore nature animals and enjoy kawaii stuff .
i suffer from depression and ptsd so whenever i see a letter for me in the mailbox it makes me feel so happy !
what you can expect from me as a penpal lots of kawaii stationary/stickers anime drawings and my sometimes bad spelling or grammar mistakes that mean well but yeah ... sighs lol .
hope you are doing well and take care for now !
found this on reddit ca n't find the original post again help me find her and her socials
so i started going out with this girl about a month ago and we have really hit it off .
we both really like each other and it has started to get out that we 're kind of an item .
i only really have one reservation though she is very sex positive and seems to have a very casual view of it .
i on the other hand was raised by pretty traditional christian parents with the marriage before sex idea drilled into my head .
i kind of figured when coming out that i would probably have to get over that traditional mindset in order to actually date other women but i am just kind of scared .
my mother was telling me the other day that my brother called her sobbing with regret when he first lost his virginity and i 'm worried that will be me .
i just feel so conflicted on what to do and how to feel and do n't have anyone to talk to about it .
was hoping to go and learn some few languages as a hobby any recommendations kung asa pwede maka enroll for language classes ?
i 'm aiming learn how to speak japanese for now .
like literally holding her up by the legs while she wraps her arms around his shoulders and is either facing toward or away from him .
after playing through and thoroughly enjoying yakuza 0 thoughts catalogued here https www.reddit.com/r/patientgamers/comments/otddx8/yakuza\_0\_meeting\_two\_legends\_in\_the\_beginning https www.reddit.com/r/patientgamers/comments/otddx8/yakuza_0_meeting_two_legends_in_the_beginning i definitely did not expect to produce a piece after completing yakuza kiwami so soon but here we are .
i will be highlighting a few aspects of the game that stood out most to me with some flavor commentary at the end .
tl dr yakuza kiwami is an overall lesser game compared to the pinnacle that is yakuza 0 .
while it succeeds in some areas compared to its predecessor its weaknesses outweigh the pros .
it is a good game in its own right more of the same if you like yakuza games flawed due to its core themes and story being the first of its kind and simultaneously loyal to yakuza 0 in some ways while ignoring it in others .
i played it on hard right away which i came to regret a bit more .
you now gain experience points through playing the game which you can use to upgrade your fighting prowess .
being more effective in combat then became a cornerstone with your engagement in the game which is a very good thing every street fight substory main story chapter contributed to the lore-consistent need for our main man to rediscover his standing of being the dragon of dojima .
substories exploring the collapse of the dojima family and other minor plotpoints .
now that i am writing this i am actually not sure if this was already included in the original yakuza game .
in a rare case in my opinion of world building consistency the dojima family actually reacted to kiryu 's actions and the substory actually explores what happened to those who remained in the family who lost their patriarch and lieutenant advisor .
how kiryu remains respectful and docile towards lady dojima gives him an added layer of character .
at first it was charming and enjoyable as we get to see how the devs cheekily and boldly inserted majima everywhere as a way to accentuate his lust for the thrill of battle against kiryu .
he cross dresses hides ambushes dances poses as a policeman sneaks surprises picks up new hobbies zombiefies and drives a cab all around kamurocho in order to challenge kiryu and strengthen him in the process .
that is until i reached about a rank or so .
for a large chunk of the game i actually lost majima .
he went into hiding and was said to have made some large out of place items to hide in .
i kept expecting something huge or a prompt from kiryu when he notices something weird but that moment never came so i started missing majima big time so much so i finally caved in the later third of the game and looked up a guide to progress majima everywhere .
his later forms and higher ranked fights drop a ton of experience points so soon enough i was already fully powered up on my three skill trees and that was when i started dreading majima fights .
i was gaining experience points that i could never use for anything and the fights themselves were getting unenjoyably long because not only is his life bar needlessly long the devs made him a damage sponge and gave him a red aura regeneration phase which i can not stop because i had not picked up kiryu 's dragon of dojima climax heat action yet .
i wished there was a more effective alternative action i could take then instead of weakly landing punches that do almost nothing while the boss is simply regenerating and ca n't be staggered .
in the later parts of the game it felt like there were more enemy encounters with more enemies in each of them and majima being a time and resources sink put me off from fighting him .
the issue of damage spongy enemies might be a hard mode thing but i will come back to it later .
i never knew about the komaki tiger drop until after completing the game .
i am a big big story buff so story .
enough have been said about how yakuza 0 had a fantastic story also enough have been said about how yakuza was a product of its time and the writing of the series took years to mature so setting a few things aside including illogical events illogical character development and motivations emotional whiplash due to story pacing i will just point out one of the biggest criticisms i have with the story
kiryu 's journey feels like a series of major fetch quests he is not shaping the narrative during his missions but rather gaining access to info dumps where the story moves forward through the words of someone else 's mouth .
the story already happened kiryu is told of it after it unfolds .
enjoyed pocket racing again mesuking is better than catfights because i think each round is slightly shorter ?
skipped casinos darts pool shogi and mahjong as per usual .
oh wait so was majima everywhere kiwami 's dedicated minigame ?
near constant enemy encounters late game and damage sponge bosses .
or was there an alternative that i missed out on ?
i only realised that there were accessories that removed all non-voluntary encounters after i finished the game .
anyway the late game streets are difficult to navigate with having enemies chasing after you almost constantly to land you in fights you will easily but bothersomely win .
was it just me or street people actually look better this game ?
i appreciate how the gravure videos were unveiled when i unlocked rina 's her in game model was kinda ugly though.. i was pleasantly surprised and gasped oh she 's real ! '' .
no nod to kiryu 's old real estate office location ?
even worse did n't kiryu promise tachibana that makoto will be protected ?
he did n't mention a damn thing or where she might be at all .
oh my best rival who only seeks fights as a sparring partner has been shot and has fallen into the ocean ! !
let me just casually hail my own cab back to kamurocho from the pier ...
asian couple in northcote looking for single guy or single girl for a bit of fun tonight .
me and my boyfriend change positions a lot and i get scared when he pulls out because i know i 'm gon na queef .
he says he does n't care but it 's still super embarassing for me .
so i have darth revan at g11 and would like to take him to g12 naturally .
however to do so i need no fewer than 150 mk 5 medpac components which seems a tad absurd .
if i do 3 energy refreshes a day for 6 days i could farm the normal node that has this component about 450 times .
if i were to do that what sort of drop rates could i expect ?
a 10 drop rate would not even give me enough for 1 complete piece for example .
what is the best way to get these gear pieces ?
ducat is the best institute for software testing training course in pitampura .
ducat drafts training programs for all types of working and studying groups.we
provides expert faculties.ducat plans associate end-to-end testing domain with deeper dives for making a winning career for each profile .
so i want a name for myself that will roll of the tongue and simple .
my old name used to be benygno i usually go by beny which is my nickname .
hi so i 'm a 7f millia player and i practice alot in casual to play with people tougher than me .
one thing i 've noticed i ca n't seem to get down is millia 's neutral .
everyone seems to have a better neutral than me farther attacks projectiles etc .
wondering how high level players approach neutral and can maybe give me some tips ?
i seem to even lose to high level players who are just trying characters can tell because they have very simple combos
enjoy the best quality of slot game from xe88 app .
agriculture is as old as civilization a very important factor in our existence and every living thing depends on it for survival .
from man to animals and our ecosystem as a whole we are connected by the lushness of the green .
and so every nation strives to promote agriculture for the sustenance of its people .
however some countries provide flexible plans to help farmers address the problems that they face such as capital technology and seeds for a more productive farming season .
this is not always the case in most countries as farmers with the technical know-how still find it difficult to expand their farm produce and business .
it 's quite a complex question after all they have the skills land and yet they fail to expand their farm produce hence the delivery of low production per year .
however economists believe that 's not just about the acquisition of skills or capital that affects these farmers .
and what better way to find out the answer than asking those involved .
various farmers from developing countries were asked the puzzling question with reference to africa as to why they fail to expand their business since they have all it takes to do that .
it turns out that if the right structure is put in place many farmers will opt into another aspect of farming .
by providing the right tools and policies farmers will focus on what they are passionate about and not what they think will be good .
such policies will help address the risk factors associated with each aspect of farming .
take for instance a case where a farmer goes into the cultivation of berries while animal production is what he/she prefers but due to the problem of drought which is a risk factor they have no other option but to go for a less risky approach .
and with the increasing demand for food due to the rise in population it becomes paramount for a viable structure to be put in place that will address the problem of food insecurity .
farmers need to be provided the enabling environment to help tackle these risk factors one of such is the availability of insurance policy .
insurance takes away the fear and with that out of the way farmers can utilize the available tools at their disposal for maximum productivity .
riper a blockchain-based agricultural company is set to help farmers become better by providing a get out of debt system .
the system is designed to help sme farmers that are strained by the continuous pressure of food demand offering them an opportunity to increase yield and income per year .
agriculture plays a very vital role in sustaining and driving the economy considered as the backbone for prosperity and farmers are the key to unlock greatness in every nation .
this is the reason why riper was created and by ensuring that farmers get paid first wealth will be redistributed providing a lasting solution to the lingering problems that affect food security .
i 'm trying to buy these shoes for pick up but it says the shoes are unavailable is it because the store is currently closed or because the shoe is not there
i will travel in august to netherlands and i come from a green country hungary .
i checked the details on the site of the government of netherlands and i am a little confused .
due to coming from a green country i do not fall under any kind of restrictions but i 've seen that netherlands does not accept sputnik vaccine as a valid one .
my question is will i be able to enter and start my studies ?
not only is the shape of the business changing but the it function digital technology services within it is transforming .
we 're look for top-performing managers and staff to help shape the new organisation and there 's never been a more exciting time to join such a dynamic team .
with your help our systems will be more modern secure and reliable allowing the business to do what it does best  unlock people 's social and economic potential by helping them into work develop new skills or turn away from crime .
join our team as the software development manager to lead the development team to specification development testing support and maintenance of the department 's software and applications portfolio to the requisite quality standards  designing producing and delivering software applications and services to satisfy stakeholder requirements .
our successful candidate will have 5 years ' experience managing a high-performing team of developers and will have knowledge in the relevant technologies including .net sql server scripts etc .
most tulpas tend to be based on common forms or forms/species that appear frequently in the community anime animals humanoids etc and while there 's absolutely nothing wrong with that i want to bring attention to the rarer tulpa species that are hard to find or totally unique and exclusive and as such have different coexistences with their host !
if you are one of these systems/collectives share in the comments !
my tulpae is a hivemind species a gestalt/group consciousness which exists as an alien race of arthropods they are called the v'ox or officially the v'ox collective .
v'ox is one consciousness that uses the arthropods as drones and so our interactions are through the drones .
if i want to speak to v'ox i speak to the drones since they 're all one conscious expressing itself as individual arthropods .
our mindscape is a cluster of solar systems many are inhabited by v'ox already who spends it 's time building civilization for it 's drones to inhabit .
there is n't really a reason for this other than passing time .
me and v'ox are not merged in any way i have no desire to be apart of the collective nevertheless we are close .
we 've been together for atleast 6 years at this point and still going strong .
our dms are always open if anyone would like to know more or just to make friends feel free to share your own stories and thoughts as well !
because of the existing regulations oil companies burn a significant amount of gas which is a byproduct of oil production .
so far this type of gas can not be used .
thus some of the companies in this industry decided to use it to power bitcoin mining data centres .
now there are three companies ready to start this project .
they are saudi aramco saudi arabia gazprom russia exonmobile the usa .
even though it seems to be a nice initiative in energy regulation it leaves a place for some doubts .
looking for new friends to send gifts for xp will open everything tomorrow
i drop to like 17 fps when playing it and itll stay in the 50s if im lucky .
the phrase avoid it like the plague '' can never be used again .
before i 'm inevitably banned i 'll note that a particular mod shut down https reddit.com/r/washingtonnfl/comments/ovzqeu/keim_daron_payne_on_covid19_list the other side of this story .
this is how a football team with bad competitive instincts survives for years .
there 's always some apologist who ca n't wait to sniff the jock of a player who is objectively wrong has been shown to be wrong and still has n't learned his lesson .
it 's why i cancelled my 40 year season ticket subscription .
edit if you follow the link now you 'll see the mod finally admitted he overreached not to me of course but idc so i guess you did n't sufficiently downvote me or accuse me of smoking enough marijuanas .
anyway it 's good to see the team 's vax numbers up despite attempts by people in this thread to give cover to players with an inexcusable lack of drive to win .
if we as a fanbase expect more from the team the team can and will deliver .
i do n't drive at all and most of my friends live outside the city .
i usually do one of these things depending on availability and my energy level
see if delivery is available through instacart or shipt container store and target usually are which covers a lot
see if i can just buy it online and have it shipped in the next day or two if i do n't need it immediately but still need it very soon .
amazon is easy here but if you 're trying to avoid amazon many shops do offer overnight or 2-day shipping for an extra fee and ship quickly
haul it back in a lyft xl if it 's very large
haul it back on public transit not during commute hours !
have lugg do pickup and delivery convenient but it can get kinda expensive
alrighty thank you and i hope everthing works well for you
whitewashing feelgood fascist filth gets botted to the front page every day .
ah yes doom eternal make doom 2016 gameplay hide behind a corner from 2018 doom slayer
it sounds like you are n't an economic migrant then but if you were it 's not a negative term it just directly refers to anybody who migrates for economic reasons .
there are only negative connotations in some peoples minds because too many economic migrants hundreds of thousands all willing to work for extremely low pay can drive down wages .
the solutions to which are of course endless but that 's a topic for another day
yes and his answer was i 'm not making the house comfortable for animals
i 'm considering limiting it to a single item as well as including a cost of some kind .
though who 's to say you do n't melt down the platinum into an ingot or something beforehand .
on a worldbuilding side i 'd expect a society with this spell might still value original gold over the duplicate .
still would provide significant value but not quite the same as what the real platinum would .
i was thinking about that give or take a meter either way .
not really you look like a fuckin loser neckbeard .
click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/u/hubsandwife to message the op u/hubsandwife of this post .
reddit is a free site and as such there are virtually no barriers of entry for fakes pic-collectors and other disingenuous couples to actively participate in the sr4r community .
similar to any other any online interactions you and only you are responsible for your well-being on reddit .
for more details on how to what to expect and how to verify other individuals .
please refer to the guides available here https www.reddit.com/r/swingersr4r/wiki/guides or if you have any questions you may refer to the faq here https www.reddit.com/r/swingersr4r/wiki/faq or message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/swingersr4r .
to request to become a verified user in r/swingersr4r please access this page https www.reddit.com/r/swingersr4r/wiki/verification .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/swingersr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
kind of an obvious answer majoras mask was completely driven by its characters and their side quests
honestly if you watch the replay it 's impossible to argue .
he 's got a fistful of the wrs undershirt and it stretches out like two feet behind him literally in direct view of the ref .
the only way to more clearly signal that you 're interfering would be to actually tackle him
i get that they let stuff go but there was n't any other potential pi in that game where a db stretched a shirt out that blatantly
i 'm also on mmt will this show up on my ua ?
change your password and turn on 2fa to be safe .
dae feel it a crazy that someone born in 2000 is now 2021 .
i 'm basically a grandpa to these rookies now .
man its really crazy that i as a 28 year old am 10 years older than a 18 year old .
it 's so crazy that i feel old for the normal passing of time .
too bad there was nothing out there that could have saved them !
and you spend too much time on the computer looking for a connection that will never appear .
no one has a need for digital rooms and dungeons .
turn it off get some sun maybe grow a pair and say hello to the gas station cashier next time you get junk food instead of burying your nose in your iphone .
honestly not surprised they might not be able to stop it but they can definitely try to tax it .
the majority of israelis want civil marriages but the parliamentary system pretty much always includes orthodox religious parties jewish and islamist who refuse to let go of this issue .
it is a democratic system but democracy is shit .
you know the stupid saying it 's the best we 've got .
50 brexit 50 hating one of the parties enough to vote for another one 100 exhaustion with it all .
the only real difference between 2017 and 2019 though was turnout .
once you have moved and settled in your new city i 'd strongly suggest seeking out an individual therapist .
being in a long-term relationship with this level of manipulation and emotional abuse can really distort your sense of reality and what healthy relationships are .
i 've been in your shoes with a gaslighting spouse and it took a lot of work to not bring the trauma from that into future relationships .
use multiple adblocks and probably best to load a few at a time .
their top two fox streamers have trouble staying up all match sometimes .
even if they were half the price of a passenger ticket even if mercnet gave them a five-star rating and said that they never broke a deal it was hard for hask to forget that he was traveling with a band of the deadliest creatures in the galaxy .
they did n't let him forget it one day it was the traskine captain greeting him with his intimidating necklace of battle trophies the next day it was the chameleon-skinned vesari who was somehow always right behind him whenever he looked the day after that it was the golanu twelve feet long from teeth to tail sprawled out on the rec deck with two massive claws that signaled that he should find somewhere else to watch his vids .
i do n't care how much it costs on the way back i 'm buying a commercial ticket . ''
you know they 're all just messing with the tourist . ''
thankfully there was one member of the crew who seemed mostly normal .
they had soft skin no claws or armored plates flat teeth .
they almost resembled hask just taller and skinnier and with a disconcerting amount of hair on their head .
the human had yet to make hask feel threatened although he 'd caught the rest of the crew watching with a mix of sympathy and anticipation like when the captain had invited him to try a real spacer drink . ''
my head says they 're messing with me but my gut says i should stay out of the way . ''
you get used to it '' the human grunted .
you 're doing pretty well for a tourist . ''
you did n't pass out or wet yourself you politely excused yourself when shu had her claws in your face hell you even stayed on your feet for about thirty seconds after drinking with the captain .
remember scaring the pants off of passing travelers is our day job .
we 're presenting ourselves as the scariest sons of bitches in space folks who will rip your eyes out and cut off your balls if you 're too slow about handing over your cargo .
of course we 're going to terrify everyone we hang out with . ''
i dunno do n't humans have some sort of crazy bioweapon ability ? ''
oh no our immune system is pretty cool i guess but it does n't do anything you ca n't do with a traveler 's pill .
and besides i do n't think bleeding all over people would intimidate them . ''
no i figured that i 'd just strike up a friendly conversation and see how long it took you to notice my tattoos . ''
the human 's arms were bare exposing a symbol tattooed on his bicep .
a skull of some sort perched atop a falling meteor .
it certainly looked piratical but hask could n't place it .
i know that human martial cultures have a tradition of making permanent marks for important deeds but i 'm afraid i do n't recognize it . ''
i could have sworn they showed it on the news ... well you 're not a pilot maybe you do n't pay attention to these things .
anyway that 's a wolf skull the same symbol i have painted on my fighter .
i added the rest of the decoration after the battle that made me famous . ''
finally hask remembered where he 'd seen that symbol .
the terrorist who crashed a space station into a city and blew it up ? ''
the government of vran 's haven thought they could hire us for their dirty work and then shoot us out of the sky when we came back .
i noticed their spacedock 's orbit was lined up with the governor 's palace gave it a push with the maneuvering thrusters and ... well it made for some very exciting vidstreams .
i could show you the view from my cockpit if you want . ''
it felt like the floor had dropped out from underneath hask .
the cheerful human sitting across from him had slaughtered hundreds of thousands in the blink of an eye .
he wore that accomplishment on his arm in ink .
see the rest of the crew they terrify people face to face .
if shu or izil boards your ship you know not to cause trouble and do what they say .
i 've seen them get an entire cruise liner cowering in fear all on their lonesome .
they do n't know my face but when they see the wolf emblem on my wing they know that if they arm weapons i 'll blow them in half and drop the pieces into the sun .
not a lot of people with the guts to fight back when they know i 'm flying cover . ''
joshua leaned back and took a sip of his drink .
that 's the thing people do n't get about space combat .
no matter how big or strong you are we 're all the same once we climb into the cockpit .
and that makes me the deadliest man in the whole crew .
i killed more people with a few minutes of work with my thrusters than shu could kill with her claws in a lifetime . ''
hask got up from the table feeling slightly ill. i think ...
i 'm going to go talk to someone else now . ''
not so scary now that you 've met me huh ?
we were driving when it started and now it 's starting to flood a bit in areas
i got xiang yu instead of musashi so my sr ticket is gon na be paisen instead of garcher again lol .
the metallic wine glasses that you all could not stop talking about are back !
 i swear we had so many posts in our queue about those dang glasses !
i will die on the hill that charlie did all of the murders in costume .
i honestly think this one and the i do n't care '' snippet may make it to the album .
back in 2019 a snippet of save your tears ' leaked and we did n't know if it was going to be a part of the album and here we are .
i hope this one is on the new one the vibe is just there .
nah i think a federal government would be fine if the principle of subsidiarity were to be respected and governance were bottom-up rather than top-down .
the near-imperial privilege the government has given itself is pretty inexcusable
moon pros https old.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/wiki/cointest_archive wiki_moon_pros cons https old.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/wiki/cointest_archive wiki_moon_cons participate in the r\/cc cointest https old.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/wiki/cointest_policy to potentially win moons .
sort comments as controversial first by clicking here https www.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/comments/ow3rc7/moon_farming_101_farming_the_proper_way ? sort=controversial .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cryptocurrency if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm just here in defense of chocolate milk which is delicious .
the trick is to use real chocolate and a little sugar instead of garbage like hershey 's or that stuff with the rabbit on it .
oh ok. not exactly what i was thinking but essentially the same thing .
i would strongly recommend so as to keep the tank pest free .
the thing with bettas and shrimp is ... maybe .
if he 's kept well fed and the shrimp are large they often leave shrimp alone .
especially if there 's plants around for the shrimp to hide in .
one of my lfses has a display tank with a betta and a bunch of small blue shrimp and he seems to leave them alone .
on the other hand a lot of people report that their betta does go after shrimp .
they 're pretty much self-sufficent eating algae off the plants and any decaying leaves .
you can add some algae tabs now and again for treats if you want .
bettas should tolerate otocinclus/otos/oto cats if you want to consider adding 1 for algae control on top of the shrimp or a pair instead of the shrimp .
zebra snails are also good algae contro 2 should cover it and they do n't reproduce in the tank .
i picked one up used a few years ago because it had a few dings and was a good price and holy shit i 've been blown away by how great it feels and sounds even after all this time .
by design 50 of regular season games are home games in new york but you also play the nyi and nyr in new york so that 's more than 50 aka a majority or most '' but your point is still valid
yes but unlike every person you see here his entire personality is not built on it
you can take a look about freelance i think you will change your mind .
you guys remember the hype that got everyone into this stock ?
nobody was saying hodl for 1 years.. not a soul .
and now we are bag holders ... it was a p d 3.50 vs 20 bucks .
you 're never exposing yourself when you 're in a situation in which you have a reasonable expectation of privacy like your own goddamn fenced backyard .
philosophical discussion about morals in racing are for sore losers and fans of sore losers .
i was just going off what michael johnson was saying maybe he meant they should be going under 9.8 idk .
edit lol you 're right basically everyone a part from bromell and bolt who 've gone 9.8 or under have been caught doping .
i know it 's off-topic but it 's unbelievable how 2012 is 9 years ago .
i started clash of clans around late 2012 or early 2013
i just wan na point outit 's ok to not have an answer for this one .
a serious violation against a person that should have never happened that resulted in a life that ca n't advocate for itself ... both lives still matter equally in this case and personally i do n't have an answer for what to do when that happens .
and that 's okay because it comes down to the more complex individual details like medical safety psychological ramifications personal choice etc ...
he finished 1.1s behind mental push in that last 10 laps do n't know where he found the pace from
you guys actually communicate and even actively interact with fans .
gw on the other hand actively tries to minimize communication while also hunting people who do not comply with their policies .
not even disney is this protective over their ip .
lol i made money shorting apt as well champ .
clint why would you assume all people from the us are white ?
look up the glyph for earth it 's a circle with a cross in it the asc/dsc/ic/mc
this is to build on what u/composingcomma said the earth can not be perceived because we 're on it so the chart frame itself is the earth glyph .
why did such a creep have to be so talented ?
those kinds of vids are just annoying someone i know did one and i lost my shit at them my hearing was shot for a few hours
i have the same exact diagnoses and i also have childhood trauma that i did n't understand was trauma until now .
what meds are you on if you do n't mind sharing ?
born in geelong and lived in the greater geelong area all my life
swa has a cattle call first come first serve boarding that causes people to fight to get to the front and stand there much like a black friday camping out to get to the front of line scenario
just a disclaimer that southwest got rid of that over a decade ago .
you 're assigned a boarding position when you check in and you line up according to your number .
the cattle call has n't been a thing since they were still making new episodes of airline .
the inflight product on southwest is weak compared to the legacies particularly the lack of in-seat ife and in-seat power but it 's still leagues ahead of an aa oasis aircraft but they make up for it with very generous policies like their baggage allowance and their overall consistency .
my friend actually named her coco short for coconut .
my other sows are named cinnabon and gingersnap i went with sweet food names because of how sweet and foodie they are haha
should have had dak and the boys out there signing autographs .
was really tired of smelling like cigarettes plus vaping became an easy alternative .
i definitely would like to join this journey ... pming you
calling the police will only get me in trouble .
and i 've had a social worker before and they said i shouldnt question my parents .
i do n't think any of that will help .
i 'm fine with people having an investment property heck have two .
leave some houses for the rest of us lads .
an incredibly large subsection of black canadians are from continental africa and their ancestors would have never experienced slavery from say the british empire .
and then there 's a large contingent who immigrated from other european colonies british other where their ancestors experienced slavery .
and finally you have a small group of afro-canadians ?
who were brought to canada as slaves 200 years ago .
there is not one experience in a historical context for blacks in canada .
this is n't like the us where 20 of the population is black and almost all of them are african americans who can trace their ancestry right back to slavery .
that guy must not have been paying attention in school because i certainly remember learning canada had slavery at one point .
reminds me of the residential school stuff a few months ago .
people here and elsewhere i did n't learn that '' .
maybe it 's time to stop blaming the school system and government if the teenage version of you just did n't listen when it was being taught .
those are the colors and how they should look .
a/b testing is causal inference and when randomized provides estimates of causal effects that rest on far fewer assumptions than other approaches .
we do experimental trials in healthcare because the consequences of getting something wrong are significant vaccines that kill people etc so we 're very careful in evaluating these .
i 'd argue that you 'd want to do the same for any intervention/policy with significant consequence and uncertain effects in which case we should see them more often in other industries but there is often a culture of non-empirical confidence that needs to be overcome before we can get there
i stopped looking at zillow as soon as we had our offer accepted .
it 's like getting married but staying on the dating apps just in case .
no my point though plainly not obvious enough was the general population needs to come to grips with the continued presence of this contagion .
you 're a fucking genius would you mind if i use that
grains-soybeans rebound from 4-day low all eyes on weather outlook reuters.com https www.reuters.com/article/global-grains-idusl1n2p9021
i 'm a bot to find news from different sources .
i was speaking generally for all of my canna friends that imbibe at their leisure their way 
plus even non combustion has odor ... which was my point with the tincture oderless
mmmm pls mistress  smother me while i worship you
i say believed '' in the context of the only '' factor .
which for quite a while that was all that the aging discussion covered .
but given a lot of what we know now telomeres are not that important when it comes to aging specifically but appear to have more to do with damage or susceptibility of damage to the genome .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ladybonersgw if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm in a similar situation i just had our second kid 2 months ago it did n't start bad but it started getting bad when i was 6 months pregnant with our second child .
it has only gotten worse from planning to send our child to a different country to be raised by my husbands aunts to planning whole vacations with just my husband and eldest son .
i do n't have anything interesting to say or add but i wish you the utter best with your journey dealing with mental health
da sind auch wilde '' pltze gelistet die gefallen mir eigentlich immer am besten .
nerfing content creators will increase build diversity yet it 's something that can not and wont be nerfed .
i missed my cake day but now enjoy celebrating yours
lmao i like that king kong put truck nuts on the axe .
now let 's see who the real idiot is !
seemed like an innocent not getting over in time .
meanwhile driver has left lane wide open to go around and holding down the horn for that long has never solved a single problem in the history of the automobile .
i will commit the felony of rape against my dementia ridden mother .
my crimes will be brought out to the world in late july of 2021.
and forgot to run clippy but you 're right clippy is great it 's like intellij for the java or kotlin developer it tells you what silly things you 're doing and should be improved you can configure intellij to automatically use clippy but my attempt to do that slowed down the ide a lot .
vaccine shortage in my country good chance young people under 30 wo n't be vaccinated for a long time if not never
something like this would do more harm than good letting it go on longer .
it 's supposed to drive people to try it but if we all cap everything this week there 's no real reason to continue playing until something new drops .
the lack of endgame still exists rocketing new players to it just speeds up the process of getting bored of it .
good tip for amateurs when you 're heating your pan and then add the oil add a tiny bit of butter .
if the milk solids burn pan was too high stop and start again unless you want the whole dish to taste like burnt oil .
imagine if jesus himself walked down from heaven and whispered in your ear johnson johnson bad '' and walked away
i would appreciate some feedback on how i could improve my deck .
i 'm currently mid ladder 4500 trophies and really love the cannon cart .
i just built this deck today and love playing strong control/defense decks with some counter push potential .
i was also looking at substituting tesla or another defensive building in for defense .
my jnmil pulls some stunts particularly in terms of my parents who both have terminal cancer .
i think that 's what bothered me so much about your experience .
no one should pretend to speak for your loved ones for attention .
that just makes me so mad on your behalf .
burh thought this was the gardening subreddit for a sec .
great question i heard it was happening through wrestling news website and thought i 'd give it a go .
because the conspiracies around covid were incoherent from the get go .
what happened to the the virus came from a lab '' theory ?
look at some point i think these nutbag theories with giving people hiv through the vaccine or making them controllable through 5g or whatever are actually conspiracies that were pushed by the media or funded by someone so the people stop talking about the lab origin theory ... ... .
interesting how neither acoustic blues folk nor jazz are either psychedelic or rock .
racial injustice is far more than just cops murdering citizens with black skin .
and you ca n't say protesting is okay but is n't okay when martin luther king the living embodiment of peaceful protesting was assassinated for protesting .
kaepernick who literally took his team to the super bowl ca n't even get a back-up roster spot for kneeling as respectful protest .
no form of protesting injustice will ever be acceptable enough .
i do n't know what you 're saying about autonomous zones and frankly i do n't care .
but you ca n't be a judge for what protest is or is not okay especially when you do n't even completely agree that racism is and always has been a problem .
yeah he getting railed tonight rip that booty aye he 's getting ripped tonight .
27 year old falling for a 13 year old ... okay buddy
i 'm not sure why this is hard to understand for you .
as i explained above the live stream pauses automatically if you go into the playback settings for the stream .
i 'm not trying to pause it its the behavior of plex .
so when i go into playback settings and fiddle around with the video quality etc .
most of the time i do n't mind to skip ahead so i do .
i 'd like to either not pause while changing playback settings or allow me to skip to the latest point in the stream .
ian rotten and mark dallas icw owner both make the headlines for this behavior .
i typically hire the women who leave and book them for a few months almost as an apology for wrestling being shitty to them .
i wondered how it got that name not being near the sea or any body of water .
must have been occupied by folks from your swansea a few hundred years ago .
i 'd say look for the do not redeem clip .
it 's how i get everyone i know hooked on his channel .
it 's so funny that they then want to watch that full video and then from there it 's a rabbit hole
i do n't think my blood pressure could handle the full interview
i had a fever dream a while back when i had the flu .
at the time i was sleeping on a pallet since my bed had bedbugs .
i 'wake up ' in my dream just in an opening in the forest .
i get up look around and i realize that it looks like a scene from the movie the ritual '' so i 'm already getting bad vibes .
i start walking down a path since what else is there to do .
soon i end up in a what looks like to be a camp with a weird totem in the middle of it .
it looked like my eyes were just covered in blood and these people just started coming towards me .
they were all wearing pig heads and chanting in this weird language .
i started breathing really hard and i woke up .
i just stayed still looking under my bed with a thousand yard stare before i started crying
meh just because you do n't know it all means nothing .
i remember being a teen and seeing that shit and being pissed off on the idea .
after having a bunch of kids it makes sense .
there 's a lot of social pressures on young men that they may not be comfortable with but feel the need to overcome the only way they can .
how dare the best team win the championship designed to go to the best team .
my mum grew up in taranaki and still calls it wanga-ray .
make sure to post your link as a comment in your post so people know where to find you .
if you are looking for more subreddits to join we welcome you to check out our onlyfans101 network which include the following subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspetite if you have any questions or concerns .
i did n't like some of the big changes to ff7r but roche was such a great addition and was more inline with what i expected i want to see the world be expanded upon i wan na see more soldiers more turks more avalance more cool lore .
really hoping we see more of roche in the later titles .
let 's explore this are you saying women are physically superior ?
not if i dont sit on my ass all day
biology really dicked women over not gon na lie .
he was neither exiled nor forbidden to return to france .
he was installed as the lawful ruler of a sovereign country .
the british fleet could n't keep him in and the bourbons pissed off their own people because that 's what they do
nothing as good has been written since because there is little to add to the main point of the book which is universal truth .
some people can predict based on past cutoffs that they have a good chance of being a semifinalist
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlynudechicks if you have any questions or concerns .
my italian health card has everything medically related on it .
so it 's not hard to do the green pass .
issue is making everyone use it to do anything .
i do n't think these would n't be added because ea only cares about money but rather because it 's a conceptually bad idea due to forcing each hero to build decks in a specific way or else lose a massively impactful aspect of their character which severely limits their flexibility and the number of potentially viable decks .
because the passives have such big abilities not using your passive will automatically put you at a disadvantage against heroes who do so you 'd never see any gs deck that would n't flood the board and would do so ridiculously might i add because that scales insanely fast an sf deck that is n't control a citron deck that is n't aggro or swarm a nightcap deck that is n't aggro or swarm a smash deck that is n't heavy midrange an immort deck that does n't run a bunch of big tricks so likely all control and likely more restrictions depending on what the other heroes would get .
and while some of the other ones are more general pbs just requires you have tricks cz 's is still useful even in aggro due to mirrors the problem is that giving each hero a unique passive that is both well balanced and generic enough to not hamstring their ability to run different decks is basically impossible .
is this ow vs tf2 debate still going on ?
its a dead topic and overwatch itself is pretty off radar right now
they just lock some red and black pickaxes for some reason
i 've resorted to using the instigator or the spectre pickaxe for rue if i want to make a combo
it 's perfectly normal just chill and know where your towel is .
they probably thought it could go priority mail fairly economically but then priced it out and found out fedex ground for this item was much cheaper .
i have n't priced it out myself but based on my hunch the price they charged me is more in line with fedex ground shipping than priority mail shipping .
a big difference though is that rika/hanyuu 's looping really didnt have leaking consequences .
it wasnt until the end that characters even had inklings or glimmers of dreams and even then generally brushed them off as just bad dreams .
eua 's power has distinctly warned against leaks so yes things really can affect others through her .
which order of harry potter books should i read ? ''
they waiting for daddy cuomo to tell them what to do again ?
i checked bello and mendoza 's twitter feeds and they offer no thoughts on this .
meanwhile there is an upswing and anti-vaxxers are running around unmasked living their best lives .
i can not tell you what it is but all frontiers with a 4.0 do this as well as xterra .
i 've already gotten a few i think itll be ok. thanks for trying though !
its still glorifying a murder a real one so i dont know what you 're talking about .
i think as a kid i added my own edit haha
uh i 'd have to go i 'd i i i spoke with him that day after i think after the ohio congressman said .
i do n't know if i spoke with him in the morning or not .
my memory sucks but if i spoke with potus the morning afternoon or evening of the coup i 'd certainly remember it .
mexico is the kind of guy that gives his friends a drive
i thought they 'd look cool on my daily bugle and avenger tower if i ever finish them
i want to eat your ass before you sit on my face and cum all over me 
i 'm turned off by you not respecting people preferences and whinning all the times .
i 've never seen an exotical act like this be4
it also emboldened more liberal-left leaning people to oppose such things with how brazen he was being public opinion is always a give and take of supporters and thereby influence one in this case let 's hope we can surpass .
you 're quite literally wrong achilles did n't exist and nothing in your source even hinted at that .
all it said was that there was a possibility there was a war in troy but it was certainly not the godly battle as in the tale .
stop doubling down on being stupid and stop replying lol .
tipped wages only need to meet minimum wage criteria when tip is added .
ie if a ride takes an hour and they tip nothing uber is responsible for bringing that pay up to minimum .
of course this is n't a perfect example because it is hourly pay tips compared to the minimum hourly wage for that pay period .
i think i 've seen this happen before ... in my sim the aaa team decided to pitch my stud prospect every single day might have had something to do with the ghost player setting ?
he ended up having 8 bb/9 because he was so tired
they said i could take them out at my check up .
fly ride crow nfr chicken nfr frost fury for giraffe or shadow ?
im too afraid to grab her when she is on a ledge in case she jumps
but that risk increases when even more tired once it has reached the point of a jump-off .
r/nsfwhardfuck hardcore sex and hard fuck porn for everyone .
r/itsporn you 'll know it when you see it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickthighs if you have any questions or concerns .
do not ever go over .25 especially if you are n't a heavy benzo user
u do n't get stock unless you 're with the company for a year and i do n't think you can touch them for another year after that do n't quote me on that but for sure on being granted any stock
also works for cold roux hot broth but with one hell of a whisking arm .
so the lesson we learned is that common lisp ftw
possibly the same dragon just realizing it 's supposed to have its soul sucked out .
i mean he just worked in jersey this whole time but yes .
that if i see a cool picture on reddit of like for example a turtle and i click on the comments no one will be talking about the cool turtle .
all the top comments are going to be about some girl in the background and how she 's a bitch or a slut or how much they want to fuck her when i just want to talk about the fucking turtle .
and if the actual subject of the photo happens to be female ?
does n't matter if she 's throwing a shot put or giving birth every comment is about how she actually does n't know what she 's doing and the commenter a fat nerd who has never left his parent 's basement actually knows more about whatever she 's doing than her .
how are cuban 's crypto bros in the front office doing ?
pretty cool you guys hired jason kidd to ruin luka 's career
i always think johnny separated himself from the rest because he won every format team individual male and female partner seasons .
i know people love to hate on johnny but him and ct are the best guys to have appeared on the show
that 's really cool fam but can you please face the wall
the funniest thing about bill rewriting history with that take is the only way that can be true is if lebron is light years ahead of kd .
ikit gets to clown everyone and imrik has a challenge that fits his power level .
lvl 33 on last weeks sim with skate sor2 .
he 's alt blitz in-line rush can basically cover the whole screen and he wo n't jump off and edge but you might accidentally run into the fire or something because i do n't think you can cancel it
ok my original comment was stupid sorry i misunderstood your question
but yes when you bring it up i hate it
very back not quite in the centre but not at the edge either .
was just unsure what is actually considered as frame damage .
i guess that 's down to local laws but if it 's fixed they would n't even notice
i do n't care much for the helmet since as you said it does n't really fit hi character but the armor and longer more chaotic hair really give him the sprinkles of madness that his usual design is missing .
also i 'm not sure if viego changes his appearance in his e i play fairly regularly and never noticed though that might be on me
people spin that the other way and say my kid will cure cancer never he 'll be freaking osama bin laden
i think it might be interesting to have a creature that spends different parts of its life on different levels of the rock formations to avoid intraspecific competition such as a generalist larva that burrows at the very top of the spires but returns to the waters below as a predatory adult .
also in a way becoming the feminists owned and destroyed youtube video compilation esque but for atheism
hearing rumours that celtic will be making a double swoop for soccer aid 's ben shepherd and mark wright too .
i work at a hospital and the patient always says they 're a computer science major .
i 'm a big fan of learning coding and developing software and making games and apps and stuff .
i also like to hangout and play around with the community .
but really i just like to read stuff and try new things .
but i also like to get back into it and learn new things .
i also like to get involved in the community and try new things and i 'll be doing something cool with it .
i do n't like him at all but faced with a dried up market and on a 1 year or team option 2 year deal i 'll be ok with it .
ok thanks i was wondering if there was actually a style of music most gay girls like or something like that .
also you should check out pvris if you have n't heard their stuff already
chingling because it reminds me of my baby-daughter mdb trueguardian
those three questions you got asked are so culty and cringey .
strange thing is my sister asked me the same exact questions .
have they been instructed to do this by the borg ?
i do n't answer questions like this that are intentionally devised to trap you .
what would be a good counter response to avoid answering these questions and then turn the table on them lovingly i mean .
perhaps why is it so important for you to know how i 'd answer these questions ?
no having one job using ruby will not ruin your career..
go see a rabbit savvy vet not just your standard vet .
im not sure i understand why they would ever be in the know '' .
i never liked that perk anyway but i get it now ! !
i would always disregard gear with buffs cause i felt there was no real need until now !
also i did n't think buffs stack so i thought one would n't make that big of a difference also i been play this like an action adventure and not a looter
i keep checking hot topic 's website and have n't seen it .
your submission was removed spammy titles are not allowed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/collegeamateurs if you have any questions or concerns .
well is n't that a monkey wrench in the machine .
i 'm really good at getting my problematic sisters to understand some topics but talking things out does n't work for everyone .
depending on your relation ship with her ask her why she seeks men ?
also what kind of man sexts an 11 year old !
that worked out and i payed my overdraft off in about 4 months .
i now use all available cash after bills to buy btc and that overdraft is my emergency fund .
am i the only one who deos n't know what f2p means
not getting date raped at the bar not having to worry about walking alone not having to laugh off/fend off creeps at work and the list goes on .
men have their own slew of problems do n't get me wrong but just walking around and living as a dude is easier and safer .
i wish there was n't so many god awful pos 's that make being a female dangerous to your health .
i have 3 boys oldest 12 and put a twin bed up 2x8 frame on 1 internal load bearing wall .
it extends out to be supported from ceiling by 1/8 '' cable .
at the ceiling i used unistrut available box stores to span 3 joists .
i think it would be fine just distribute your load maybe use the ceiling .
listen to some of the other ppl too i could be wrong pm me if you have any questions about my build .
i was going to get it for my boys but ended up supporting them on a couch cushion for a few weeks and then they would n't eat that way anymore one preferred to lay flat the other preferred upright with the nipple half full then it changed again .
good because i do n't know you so hard to know
you should n't ignore tin because silver+tin=all the soldering in electronics .
so if consumption in industry of tin goes up so will silver consumption
it could be but given that she has a squirrel smile if her face has mutated there 's a good chance it 's in a cute way .
i think i need to look into this more thanks .
my 5 year old loves it she calls it her robot game and i cant play on the ps5 while shes awake because otherwise she wants to play it .
she needs some help occasionally like in the lightning area but last few days shes been trying to beat the dinosaur boss she gets past the 1st part but then dies on the 2nd part but i imagine a few more evenings on that she will be able to do it .
i do n't think summoning the most powerful servant he could think of was worth if he was not going to act as if he was the most powerful servant
hey auo do you think you can beat iskandar ?
i mean it did n't quite work for illya but at least she fully trusted her strongest servant
sometimes i read these stories and i 'm just blown away at the audacity of some people .
like if i saw this shit on a tv show i would honestly roll my eyes and say no one would behave that way '' .
nta in my opinion just let them go no contact and that fixes your problem real quick .
i like how toxic people threaten to remove themselves from your life quietly as a threat lmao
do n't take your negative energy and unwanted opinions with you !
please stay and try to tell me how my kids do n't deserve nice things when they work hard !
not every guild cares about looks especially smaller objective focused ones like raid guilds .
that 's not how you solve the problem of guilds being sparsely decorated or not at all .
on top of the ridiculous cost and the instancing issue the core problem is just you do n't spend time there .
you do n't fashion your char for stat buffs you do it because you spend time on it .
why would you care about what your guild looks like when the only reasons to be there nodes tavern merchants are all hop in hop out .
make sure to post your link as a comment in your post so people know where to find you .
if you are looking for more subreddits to join we welcome you to check out our onlyfans101 network which include the following subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i have n't played for 5 years and it was not deactivated .
but according to that post that was n't a war right ?
that is not how this lane goes 1v1 ever .
i 've found that across a lot of his books stephen king uses sexual references toward young boys to hit straight to the visceral dread of this is very very wrong. i love his books but it 's definitely too much at times .
if the shining is fresh in your mind there are a lot of references to it in doctor sleep that are really cool to recognize .
doctor sleep is one of my favorite books ever as it is still creepy but is more of an underdog story and at some parts it 's even wholesome .
dan is a really fleshed out character and it 's just so amazing .
if you ca n't tell already i could just go on and on about it .
try putting eyeshadow primer there as well and maybe use a little extra setting powder not talking about baking just an additional dusting at the end of the makeup under there after concealer .
i only know that spl is happening because every adc in every game changes their builds to the same exact thing instantly
i got offered a new job at same pay about a month ago .
i had a chat with my boss before handing in my notice and got offered a 9k payrise to stay and a promotion which is a lot on my wage i 'd totally recommend what someone said about having a chat first .
even if you take the new job it 's nice to have potential options .
you know what they say one man 's trash is another man 's treasure    
10/10 so sexy would love to grab a hold of those amazing hips .
always saw it as a four armed chonky m o n k e
in baker area and while walking my dogs at first i loved the trees and flowers and plants .
but after a while i find myself constantly ducking and dodging and its increasingly annoying .
i try to politely avoid but ca n't imagine all people do .
why plant beautiful flowers that encroach on the sidewalk just to get trampled on ?
ya i cant even joke about it i want to but im worried for them
edit theyre not going to get killed but theyll feel intense shame and feel horrible .
this is like chinas version of nazis losing to jesse owens .
i guess its just badmitten and im drinking the outrage sauce .
when you have big squad you can easily win battle for b .
you just need to get whole enemy team coming from c to crossfire .
when i play solo and all my team rushing to c i try to get to f7 from where you can side-shoot 2 .
upvoted please upvote my all posts and join r/bollywoodgali_news community and share your relevant post .
honestly there is no zipper issue we sold hundreds of atd1s and never had a single report apart from bo 's one .
bo himself admitted that that single situation was due to the fact the the zipper were closed and left on the corner which is not a smart move place them on top bottom side wherever but not the corners and it will never open until you want to open them
once again if they can send an expiring dragic with a young prospect like achiwua to one of the teams with over 35m in cap see okc nyk sa ... they will be able to afford kyle lowry .
bin aktuell am berlegen ob es von der impfung kommt ob ich corona hatte ohne es zu merken und jetzt long covid symptome bekomme oder ob es an etwas anderem liegt .
falls hier schon jemand erfahrung gemacht habt wrde mich interessieren was ihr dazu sagt .
kommt es von der impfung oder eher long covid ?
there are no games that you personally can play for 8 hours it 's usually the ai just auto-farming the same stages lol .
do n't be shy girls you know you can make my hard throbbing cock cum for your little body better and harder than she ever wil
how did they think that poo will be a cool western nickname ?
i really like to be social and be included in many different friend/acquaintances groups .
it comes very natural to me because i love being surrounded by caring people or just different kind of friends who do different activities like working out astrology real estate etc .
i have noticed that sometimes friends want to gossip about my other friend groups and i become very uncomfortable .
i do n't like talking about people behind their back since i do n't like being judge mental .
everyone has their own perspective and i respect that i just do n't want to be involved in the gossip .
i usually just keep quiet and try to listen to their point of view if they are judging someone .
does anyone deal with similar situations and how do you handle it so you can avoid people gossiping about others ?
every day i 'm going to post a random video from my photos
i have just finished watching all 14 seasons and i would like to talk about the evolution of the og of the oc .
she is the first og housewife to have a full arc and a real goodbye as others nene lvp bethenny have had unplanned exits with no clear ending .
she gets a bad rep on here and the cancer scam is hard to defend but i think we should give it up to vicki .
besides maybe teresa she 's by far the housewife who has shown us the most-she went though a divorce a breakup a cancer scam finding out her mom died finding out her daughter eloped and grandchildren being born all on camera .
she was the only one with a little bit of personality as lauri and jo were the annoying ones kimberly and jeana the boring ones .
it was quickly clear her relationship with don was rocky but until season 5 or 6 she always came off as pretty likeable i 'd also totally nuts .
she even came off without any bumps or bruises after that attempted all cast take down of her in season 5 in san francisco .
i also liked the way she was with tamra when simon was being so awful to her .
honestly i do n't think she came off as a real villain until brooks .
and after that it was just a slippery slope-all the way until the cancer scam .
but even after the cancer scam i think she had a shot to redeem herself in seasons 11 and 12 ... but instead she totally failed by tying herself with the tres amigas adopting a strange holier than thou attitude and then totally going after kelly in very apparent ways .
ending of course with ... .her iconic sad freak out in the dressing room of the reunion .
we 'll never see such a perfect final housewife scene again .
i 've found way too many fan-made rulesets to remember them all .
can i get any recommendations for specific rulesets/homebrew websites ?
i watching an intro to orm video and right from the start they include this https imgur.com/hgmoybb definition for what an orm is .
in it they mention storing retrieving updating and deleting .
any single prompt can be changed to something you like so just let me know .
most of these would have me take a gm type of role except the last one .
haru has just joined the phantom thieves and she desperately wants to be of use to them .
she knows the rest of the team has been working hard for months now and there is very little time for her to actually catch up .
the palace was a hazy strip club with naked girls lounging about doing disgusting acts to shadows .
it 's great training but haru alway leaves feeling hazy and she swears she goes up a bra-size .
so for that rp i was thinking that haru would go into this palace and try her best to train .
depending on your kinks she could be slowly corrupted into being a slutty girl herself with each time she gets out of the palace .
she can be fucked in there and even start to want to back in there .
you just got your first pokmon and its a day you been looking forward to ever .
or maybe you just joined team rocket and it 's time for you to let your world know who you are .
so you grab your pokmon and head out thought the world is n't like it is in the video games .
if you lose to a trainer they might demand a bit more than money .
even the pokemon might want to get in on the fun .
so the typical dime a dozen pokmon world rp .
i am open to doing anything with this that you want .
if you want to battle the pokemon sexually thats fine with me .
the only limits i have are scat gore and guy on guy .
anything else is completely open and i would be happy to include it .
i first started experiencing dermatographia when i had major stress in my life and soon after i started experiencing stomach pain heartburn and general intestinal issues .
my doctor informed me i had high cortisol levels from stress and only assumed these symptoms all resulted from that with no solutions other than omeprazole which did n't work for any of those issues .
i have tried so many different things to ease the general itching or marks that appear by simply rubbing my face or even being lightly touched but had no luck with allergy meds or natural supplements that helped regulate cortisol so i gave up .
i recently tried finding solutions for alcohol flush because i wanted to drink at a pool without turning into a tomato and tried pepcid ac famotidine an hour before drinking .
not only did i not have any alcohol flush bloating or heartburn i also noticed my skin was less reactive in regards to my dermatographia .
if i stepped out of a shower i 'd be red all over and i was n't nearly as red .
i decided to dive into some public medical studies and journals and found it 's a h2 antihistamine and allergy meds are typically classified as h1 antihistamines .
i typically take zyrtec cetirizine hydrochloride for allergies but even when trying 4 a day i never noticed a difference with the flush or dermatographia so i stopped taking them outside of allergy season .
i found a study that mentioned the use of lexocetirizine dihydrochloride or xyril and it 's improvements with some patients and it 's higher efficacy compared to zyrtec .
naturally i ordered some because i 've dived into a rabbit hole hoping for even better results with my dermatographia .
long story short i 'm going to try famotidine and the lexocetirizine dihydrochloride together see if i notice differences and update later if i do .
has anyone else tried xyril or the generic lexocetirizine dihydrochloride and noticed any improvements ?
or has anyone else tried that combination of pepcid ac and xyril ?
when it is a no no food for your skin .
looking to buy my first watch going into college .
love the look of a tag heuer aquaracer but i 'm aware of the stigma around the brand .
i enjoy shooting but 12 gauge kicks to much for me .
i am having a hard time picking a good decently-priced recoil pad .
i just was given a mossberg 835 in 12 gauge and i 'm afraid to shoot it knowing that my stevens model 94 in 12 gauge kicks like a mule .
i 'm new to the gun world and i do n't want to spend like 30 dollars on some chinese brand i 've never heard of before sell me a recoil pad with fake reviews .
i asked some people i know one of them said pachmyr makes good recoil pads and some say a recoil vest is good too .
there 's so many options i do n't know what to choose from .
but if you have any good recommendations please do n't hesitate to comment one .
so i finally had luck with my irritation bump on my nose .
and i 've kept it away for about a month now .
i 'm wondering how long i should wait before switching it to a nose ring ?
or if i need to wait an additional 6 months .
i work a 9-5 full time but i love heading up to the sierra for quick but tough backpacks usually get to the trail head friday night and then 20-30 miles over 2 days and return to la late sunday .
any favorites or recommendations for this type of hike ?
i 've gotten into goreshit recently in a big way and although it hits way harder than most breakcore i 've noticed it does n't have the level of relistenability that say venetian snares or early amon tobin do .
i wonder if this is because it 's more reliant on melody ?
i 've been listening to breakcore for only a few years so curious for any insights on this because it can slot into both .
generally my experience has been that the more emotionally charged the song is regardless of genre the quicker i will get tired of it which is kind of an unfortunate paradox .
i used to think that the complexity '' of the song factored in but i do n't think that 's really the case anymore .
i get tired of a black metal song with four 2-note power chords repeating over and over for 8 minutes at the same rate as some crazy chopin nocturne moving all over the keyboard .
what is the highest notes per second you have ever made on fnf mods
i 've got sliding glass doors in my dining room on the west side of my house .
every summer afternoon that space is noticeably warmer than the rest of the house .
closed vertical blinds keep the sun and heat out but they 're ugly .
window film is pretty but does nothing to keep out the heat .
are there other options i 'm not aware of ?
i know that my life isnt as bad as almost everyone on this thing but i always tend to cry for no reason .
im tired of getting high now and then and being depressed in my room all day .
is anyone else agoraphobic due to the state of the world right ?
i 'm a fear based person these days and i thought at times the world was ending or it has ended .
i do n't know who i 'm going to meet out there during this bad time in human history .
it 's probably why i feel dizzy because i do n't recognize this world in this state .
i have played music for a living and they are what sparked that fire in me to do so way back in 98 .
anything the band has come out with i will listen watch and learn from .
these past few years though i feel like they have lost a lot .
do n't get me wrong i can only try to understand what it would feel like to be in a group that unexpectedly loses a founding member but i ca n't help but feel like the quality of music has changed and the musicians they have brought on board or kicked out has only taken the band as a whole down a notch .
i ca n't help but think that if they would have had this lineup back when they first started they would never have been able to achieve the success they have been able to achieve .
again i am not knocking them or trying to offend and i understand that things always continuously and have to evolve but i ca n't help how i feel about this current setup .
i will admit that i have not been able to watch them play live with their current setup .
pc player looking for anyone to sell their lexus isf or lfa looking to collect all 3 lexus 's in forza horizon 4 .
if i want a car with porsche dynamic chassis control rear axle steering pasm lowered suspension and carbon ceramics should i look at a cpo 4s spec a new 4s or spec a new 4gts ?
i 'm willing to wait for the car but i 'm concerned about depreciation of a high spec on a lower model like a 4s .
i 've been learning java and recently focussing on js react for about a year and a half properly and i do n't know maybe i 'm nave i feel like i am ready for a job but something is holding me back .
first i will say i have no professional experience i know that 's already a mountain to climb .
also i do n't have a degree i 'm working on a degree part time with the open university it 'll be four more years before i finish .
third i have a poor work history due to health which i have omitted from my cv but most recruiters/interviewers pick up on it anyway .
i can not do anything about my work history or health at the moment so this is very frustrating .
i 've been in touch with three job recruiters the first one after a positive phone call did n't return my email the next week the second made excuses about it 's a quiet time due to summer holidays and few opportunities when i followed up a week later and the third i had a call on friday was very positive but i just know i wo n't hear .
i have spent a lot of time redoing my cv cover letter and portfolio website .
i think it is ok to share here as i 'm not promoting myself or content i just want some feedback and it 's relevant to show want experience level my projects are at .
i 've completed projects in java the basic such as tic-tac-toe to full springboot apps with frontends databases etc .
recently made some simple react apps after a month of learning .
if you would like to look and it 's allowed here is my portfolio https www.simonaust.co.uk .
i 've followed the general advice of trying to network on twitter like thousands of others it seems building a portfolio and making blog posts .
ok my blog posts are n't super smart code but i put time and effort in for next to no acknowledgement .
i feel like i 've done all i can and it 's not working some i must be doing something wrong and am happy to receive any advice so i can start doing the right things .
maybe i 'm slow probably i 'm not prolific at all but i 'm committed and have put many many hours into this and i 'm really unmotivated right now without any crumbs of positivity coming my way .
i dunno maybe it 's the latest i got a job after 6 months '' post that 's tipped me over the edge .
i 'm really looking for some practical advice should i keep doing blog posts put time into twitter should i just make a netflix clone from youtube videos ?
design to france 's main form is a humanoid being with a feminine morphology about 1.7m tall with a pale purple skin two black and red eyes and shining blue lips .
she is covered in what seems like a ship ' s sail and ropes fashioned into a dress .
she can take the appearance of any living human for a couple of minutes if needed .
to franceis an automatic stand which primary function is to keep its user safe and isolated .
to activate its ability the user must be totally sure someone is trying to get to her .
if it 's the case to francewill start to track the pursuer '' in a 4 kilometers perimeter .
once the pursuer '' spotted the stand can actively start to misdirected them by making gps devices disfunction changing the street signs or other kinds of signalisation or quickly impersonating anyone about to help the pursuer to give false informations .
the closer the pursuer is to the stand 's user the more violent the solutions to misdirect them become but they ca n't ever kill or cause more severe injuries than a broken limb .
if somehow the pursuer enters a 5 meters radius around the user to france will actively try herself to stop that person by punching them trying to make them trip etc .
a contact with the user puts the stand back in a dormant state .
trait d'union does not mean trade union '' it means hyphen .
the team launched several products services that offers one-time personal purchase if you really need it rewards you lifetime monthly or quarterly cashback .
think of it if they decides to accept trubadger coin in near future for payment recycles values for holders .
i just started to learn backend development with express nodejs and mongodb .
if you guys can review it that would be great i need some feedback .
right now it doesnt contain any test but i will add tests soon .
small bore or full bore ricco rounds overflow rangefinder stability mw
should i stop that okay but the question is still one that is open for answering .
as to who i am for general info see my title for detailed info see my pinned post .
trying to keep things short and snappy as i know people have lives and a certain short attention span .
what am i looking for convo wise can be short term or long term .
subject wise feel free to throw stuff out there and see what sticks .
person wise i do n't mind as long as your not a insert insult here
open in chats dm telepathic messaging and the endless void .
tl dr i need to go to belarus later this week for a few days .
i 'll be in minsk and some god forsaken village with a population of 300 .
i 've got no idea how that country works and what things i should do not to get into trouble .
does anyone know how to increase the profit of clients builds in your auto shop ?
i 'm looking for like-minded individuals na ang nasa utak lang ay kape kape kape upgrade equipment more kape uy bagong beans ! kidding aside as my title suggests i wan na talk to coffee enthusiasts out there .
let 's share tips recipes or anything in between about coffee !
anyone welcome to my chat except kung dds ka baka buhusan pa kita ng kape !
if you reached this point of the post hit me up with your favorite brewing method and let me know why !
me 19 radiohead the cure kings of convenience sigur rs paul mccartney mac demarco flying lotus tame impala muse hiatus kaiyote los hermanos milton nascimento caetano veloso chico buarque l borges marcelo camelo letuce gilberto gil ed motta
a place for members of r/spiritawakening to chat with each other
ever since i got my ps5 when someone talks or use the in game chat bot and i do n't have a headset on the voice comes out of my controller at an atrocious low volume at that .
i played with a few settings and can not get it to go back to normal ps4 was fine .
we have moved to the new and improved reddit group .
we just feel its only fair if we make these groups as great as well can get rid of any bot posts and make this feel like a great community .
feel free to send in your youtube videos share your twitter posts .
please contribute to the group and make this community grow !
the last one is strong let 's make this group great for everyone that joins !
we want this to be a community where all knights will feel comfortable and be willing to post and show their ideas and even videos !
please let me know if there is anything we can add for you or change because as a reddit community we need to grow strong together so input is so important to all !
i am here to look and see if anyone is looking for more players for a three galaxies game .
this is my first time ever gming and i have had a couple years of role-playing .
i am 21 years old but i am trying to branch out and do new things like game mastering .
the name of the campaign is called the war of worlds and the rules are going to be rifts ultimate edition with some custom rules including rifts main book ranged combat rules .
the setting is three galaxies with custom content dimension and factions .
any type of player experience is ok for me .
we are using roll20 for rolling discord for voice ooc talk .
a bit of what the campaign is going to be like heroes in a different dimension and similar to what the original star wars trilogy .
the general power-level is mid-ranged meaning no godlings dragons or cosmo-knights and the occ/rcc combinations will be subject to review approval from myself and a secondary gm .
the time slot is weekly wednesday evenings 5:00pm 1700 to 9:00pm 2100 pacific .
i just need one more player before i get started .
so i ordered a dell g15 on july 22 .
the order was confirmed and i even got an email with the order number customer number etc .
today is august 2nd and i checked my credit card transactions .
i have n't been charged yet for the laptop .
should i be worried that my order might get canceled ?
or is it the standard practice at dell to charge before delivery or something like that ?
fyi the laptop is scheduled to be delivered on sept 2nd week and i am in canada .
i got it at a sweet deal and would hate to lose it .
hey people of kamloops and surrounding areas i have a trip planned for sun peaks next week and heard the air quality is comparable in both areas .
what are the chances of the air quality improving within the next week ?
should i just cancel my trip or is it bearable .
when checking the air quality index for sun peaks it 's says level are dangerous is this accurate or a bit of a exaggeration .
looking for locals opinions on the matter on how you feel the current air situation is like .
been solo placing all season and classically i can not get out of gold ! ! !
whenever i put a morph in my game and go to test it out it removes my character 's head .
not sure why interceptor does this and not interceptor plus but the smallest dose is for dogs 2 to 10 lbs .
the next highest dose is for dogs 11 to 25 lbs .
why would n't they make it 10.1 to 25 lbs .
if a dog is 10.4 lbs would one round down ?
i wanted to build a giant landing pad for my flyers with a fully equipped hut storage and bed off the side of the volcano .
has anyone built anything off the side of a mountain ?
changed the title cuz people were get upset sorry about that i 'm a dumbass the power of the baryon mode which used his and kurama 's chakra as raw materials to generate a greater power .
this made him much stronger than isshiki for a while  the price to pay for this power was kurama 's life .
now naruto is weakened considerably and needs a new power-up so he can fight for his village to the best of his ability .
although naruto does have sage mode up his sleeve that certainly is n't enough to make a difference against the otsutsuki clan members or the likes of code and ada so like maybe new jujsts bloodlines maybe even a rinnegon or something
so i want to self report my test scores so that i do n't have to pay 160 to send my act scores to every college i apply to .
i already filled out my score on the testing section of the common app but on purdue 's application it asks
do you plan to send the scores by the november 1 early action deadline ? ''
how should i answer these if i want them to look at my self reported act score but do n't want to send my official score report until i choose to enroll at purdue ?
if i answer yes '' and no '' i 'm worried it could be interpreted as not having taken the act yet which i have .
this might be a dumb question to ask on the series ' subreddit but it 's a genuine question nonetheless .
i 've seen some of the anime and at times it feels as if naruto/sasuke are nerfed for plot tension .
stuff like that which could just be me having a negative attitude kind of kill the experience for me and make it hard to take the story seriously .
that and battles now feel more dbz like but i know that 's been a naruto thing for awhile .
not trying to hate on what others enjoy though .
with these thoughts in mind is boruto still worth getting into ?
does it offer enough on its own merits in your opinion ?
i was wondering if the vre program covers shipping too when i 'm ordering for books ?
not new to smoking but low tolerance i have a lot of stuff to get done and am worried i 'll be too high if i smoke now and the edibles kick in ... should i wait or go for it ?
i am so happy to have received my very first card through this sub .
it 's fantastic and i especially loved the scratch'n'sniff washi .
i think i need to up my game on the cards i 've sent-any excuse for me to go to the craft shop !
thank you so much the card is very special .
my 2 year old cat appears to be very sick at the moment .
on thursday we noticed her behaviour was off and she was aggressive which she usually really is n't !
on friday we took her to the vet suspecting it was a mat of hair on her chest .
she had this removed and did a blood test .
in the meantime she 's going through waves of being pretty much normal and then all of a sudden she curls up hides and will growl if you touch her belly she is desexed also .
yesterday she did not eat or drink at all .
today she has eaten maybe 2 teaspoons of food and a tiny bit of water .
we are giving her antibiotics and pain meds from today as per vets advice
i guess i just want to know whether anyone has had this happen to their cat and has had their cat become well again with medication .
my partner and i are really upset and do n't want to lose our lovely sweetheart 
my friend and i are driving from the springs to see it on the one opening night screening there and are so hyped .
i played gwent from release on and quit sometime during the complete rework with 3d leaders etc .
when i come back now how far behind am i ?
can i catch up by playing normally or would i have to buy packs ?
what 's up with a lot of people packing less underwear than necessary to change daily ?
i get that on travels over a week you 'll be comfortable to do some laundry and save on piece count .
but i often see people here traveling for 3-5 days only packing 2-3 pieces of underwear .
are you so minimalist that you wear your boxers longer than one day ?
are you really managing to find time for washing and drying on such short trips ?
why the hazzle with washing anyway packing 1-2 more pieces of underwear does not take up significantly more space .
for me it 's when paige forgets her the one solo in season 3 during the diva las vegas ep ... she just looks so defeated and when she and even melissa i think it was genuine started crying it made me shed a tear .
and the fact that she felt so strongly about the dance just makes it even worse .
edited for accidentally calling her solo the name of the episode !
i want an anime that is suspense thriller and mildly horror at the same time ! i enjoyed the promised neverland and death parade is there any other ?
wondering if anyone has some good suggestions for cooling my new cpu .
still unsure if i should get an aio cooler or not .
i saw a video on yt where he was interviewing someone and at the very end of the video he talks about losing his virginity late and says something along the lines of that 's true and kinda smirks at the camera before it fades out .
i 'm so curious about this ridiculously personal fact ik he always jokes about it but i feel like he was being honest in this clip .
idk maybe it 's a long shot but anyone have any ideas ?
i as well have indulged into this drug and even landed in the hospital so no hate .
but god it almost pisses me off how a lot of you do not care at all about this shit .
yes drug addiction can be considered a life style however most people battling an addiction do not speak so lightly about it or make memes etc .
it 's sad to see how young most of y'all are with little to no care about what you 're doing .
diphenhydramine abuse is far from similar to heroin or even meth .
arguably the experience is not even a high and more so the results of frying your brain .
before you tell me i have no future/i do n't care . ''
heck that 's probably where you are all heading regardless .
it usually does n't end well when people start abusing drugs at such a young age and this is worse than most cases .
even dxm is a better choice and easily available as well !
r/irlgirls is a subreddit that highlights the average girl that you see in your everyday life .
since the girls posted here are not famous or have a huge following we want to make sure that this is an anti-stalker subreddit .
it is not fair to put a girl 's safety at risk for internet points .
this is a reminder that you will be banned if you post/ask for a source .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/irlgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
i just thought an email to the email they have on file would have been considerate .
you have 7 days link your accounts or your items will be lost ''
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
only that much better when i switch it to 3 for some carnage .
then 5 other alliances teamed up each alliance had 10 players total 50 are the group of alliances an evil blue donut ?
the silence and the static image were too unsettling .
i watched it when i was 15 and was like come on what is it ? ?
listen i got mad because they talked shit about my dead parents when i made a joke a harmless joke i dont have proof because they deleted it
then unstan.blackpink not putting a gun to your head to support them .
yeah but there 's still a lot of competition amongst the top as well
fricking awesome i 'll have to check it out if it 's on your profile ?
aw thank you d i should have your add .
but do you mind if i just send you a new message ?
all of my chats and messages are ... hot messes haha
i do belive this is where the horseshoe theory of extremism comes from .
in that the far far left and the far far right start wishing for the same thing a totalitarian state that promises them everything
i did n't need to read that you could have typed nothing and i would have been merrier for it d
i 'm really sorry for you and your family .
i 've got a mate who 's relationship with his dad has similarly been damaged to the point of there nearly being no relationship .
and the worst part is that my mate has to act like the adult while trying to keep the lines of communication open with his own father .
i sincerely wish you and your family all the best .
the one that made me notice it was manner of death because they go full cullen in that one but it also happens in history 3 trapped and lovely writer as well .
and i 've read yaoi long enough to expect the other stuff .
when you compare blackbird or let it be or imagine by the beatles to some of what we hear today it speaks volumes .
just the guitar with its 5 fret stretches in blackbird is enough to impress .
over the hills and far away by led zeppelin. beautiful guitar !
hopefully they would flb cute ribbon but i think slot in 1 gisla will also help for akasha run with highlander grid .
as for superlative i ca n't really decide because i like both dark and earth .
though i 'll have to decide after i finish both titan and hades grid if hades ever come to me
yeeeessssssssss hahahahaha but also at the same time i 'm so sorry for being like this https 64.media.tumblr.com/35ccc04a8b1a0ca7a98530747897da84/bfbb13f9fd48b933-4e/s1280x1920/8a1d3a8e52ed8acc6c578bb5123d0bbd3c591bab.jpg
i find it interesting that even though your irish you do n't get a further breakdown than just 98 irish .
i wonder how many generations it has to go back before you 're something other than irish ?
like i 'm canadian and i do n't get any as canadian even though my family has been in canada a number of generations .
my largest percentage from my dna test was irish at 35
this whole grooming is biblical concept makes me physically ill .
currently on a 3 month break myself for that reason .
and when i started to let my rank affect my own thoughts of self worth i knew it was time to stop .
very occasionally i 'll play an aram with friends .
16k aed without transportation shipping customs vat and cost of repairs .
i 'd be concerned if the airbags have been replaced tbh plus the front frame damage looks quite severe plus it ran 100k miles this is n't a good buy unless the buyer knows exactly what he 's doing .
this car can have tracking and general reliability issues although the engine will outlast humans .
nr de er ravfarvede er det ikke lngere thc men cbn og det er det rene sovemedicin s fantastisk til en nat ryger .
hvis det er til om dagen tror jeg at ca 20 er bedst og du bliver mere skv
while i might splurge for that neonivex in the future when if i 'm rich that front shifter is first thing i disagree compteletely with lol .
watch the short vid how heine is shifting that sure it stretches his back but this time a 'suicide ' nickname is not overstated ...
but having trust issues and worrying that a person will leave or cheat comes from negative thoughts that 's what i refer to .
as it leads many people feeling they can take that privilege away and have it be respectful ''
the whole point i was making is that doing this is n't respectful and comes with its own social ramifications .
also this is a bit of a sweeping statement .
yeah there 's no reason to have brought up execution they are entirely unrelated and does n't help build a credible argument .
revoking a right to vote for prisoners is justified society has deemed them not worthy of having there opinions matter imo you can not rehabilitate without some form of punishment .
you 're welcome to believe in an idealistic world where people are open to accept rehabilitation but if they do n't believe they have done something wrong i see no reason for them to accept rehabilitation .
it then follows that maybe the misgendering of them is sufficient enough of a response that the individual realises the extent to which their fellow person is disgusted at them .
it 's like being told i do n't see you as a person anymore because you committed x '' it 's harsh but why should i care about the feelings of a rapist .
stop throwing about transphobic '' it does n't help make this a discussion i was fine discussing this with you until you did that .
there is a difference between not accepting the current dogma of the trans community ie an inherent link with identity and gender and transphobia .
if you 're going to use terms do not use them lightly .
in this case i deny the individuals right '' quoted because i believe this is a privilege to self expression .
the social privileges they have like the right to have their beliefs respected is lost because they are a rapist .
it 's akin to me saying you are a rapist so your opinions and feelings do n't matter to me '' .
you doggedly fighting this corner is highlighting a level of emotional investment which precludes you from actually listening and having sensible discourse on a tricky issue which is an opportunity for you to further your goals of trans integration .
you are suggesting that the same could be said for any other trans person by doing this as well . ''
anyone who commits this kind of crime does n't deserve my basic respect everyone has their own line which they draw .
the point here is there is action then social consequence .
i 'm not disregarding their identity on a whim and at no point have advocated that .
deliberately mis gendering someone is deliberately provocative and perhaps it 's performed in the hopes that if the criminal sees this they will be hurt and it could be used as a catalyst for change in that individual .
i and many others do not believe in crime without punishment .
yes efforts should be made to help and reeducate but in no world does it make sense not to punish someone .
if you want to argue that there is never an acceptable circumstance where ignoring someone 's gender identity is ok that is a discussion i 'm happy to have .
i imagine your side is something along the lines of gender is fundamental to an identity so ignoring it is akin to dehumanising them . ''
in the same way people have faith and j can not strip them of that .
if they were a christian and then committed rape .
because they do not tolerate this kind of person .
i ask you why is your gender crusade worth this individual ?
why recognise them as how they wish to be identified following the same logic .
who brought up conversion therapy and why i do n't remember opening that can of worms and it hardly seems relevant to our discussion .
at no point did j suggest that changing someone 's deep-rooted beliefs about gender identity .
i do n't need evidence that gender can not be changed we 're not even discussing that !
i am saying gender is akin to faith socially we should not attempt to change it !
i am saying you hold these beliefs your beliefs help define who you are it is wrong to try to change them as it is likely to cause significant distress ''
however your right to have your beliefs respected are thrown out of the window when you rape someone .
wait does this imply it 's legal to drive around in a monster truck in the us ?
the initial tackle is so heartwarming and hilarious at the same time
i swear that person was n't there when i saw this picture when i woke up ...
i was talking about an and a because i already knew i had the wrong they 're but it wo n't let me edit my post
every corporation government media institution supports you and throws money at you .
your call to office by your boss and find this whats next ?
forget that chuck one of those old-fashioned hand-powered ferries at the base .
it 'll be a length of rope across the harbour with an attached barge that people can pull themselves and their bike across on .
much cheaper and it 's consistent with the idea that biking is good physical exercise .
this kind of behavior is why some people avoid religion .
but then you have arrow keys too whcih can help you navigate text like a keyboard .
someone in my family had one of these from 1979 i believe .
it caught on fire with original components and was a total loss afterwards .
you 're going to really dump on american sports when you guys literally took baseball and made it worse .
then to add insult to injury you called it cricket .
i 've literally never seen a pro player use the bfg lol and your accomplishments are sort of invalidated if you used super weapons which is my point .
it 's not fair to say this arena is easy '' or this arena is harder than this one '' if you effectively skipped it .
you may have beaten the tn ml on un but in my eyes it 's been invalidated since you basically skipped the hardest fight s .
after 2 years in a coma your too weak to do anything .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amcstock if you have any questions or concerns .
shapel grew up with the band the maine ' .
so other than them and toby from h20 he 's got nothing .
he wears shirts of punk bands with 2 living members with a collective age of 150 and oasis .
yes mines only when i lean to the side i feel it now
i believe it is a modified british lee metford bayonet .
emerald 5 played a lot in previous seasons still getting/facing unranked players ...
there would be no reason for this many people to lie about matchmaking being bad unless something was actually wrong .
while it may not be happening to you it 's happening to a lot of other people ...
i am a parent and we were given 30 days to move bc our landlord wanted to sell .
my parents reaction was that sucks i would hate to face being homeless .
and a boatload of health issues that i think took months or years to resolve got ta do the google thing to confirm ...
no worries we can trade tomorrow i 'd rather not use the gts in case it gets sniped
steam link is both a hardware device as well as an app .
i do n't think there 're a way to revert it .
this is why you do n't give your phone to someone you do n't really trust unless you lock all important app es kid they just click click click and who know what gone .
so considering that surgeons doctors etc bring in quite a lot of money atleast in australia which reaches into the multi-millions especially for surgeons are they also bad because power corrupts ? .
no way u reposted this after getting it deleted like 30 mins ago
i 'm just glad there 's inkling xd i do n't know much about smash but i do know the hype around new characters .
maybe try if you want to but it 's not a big deal .
i keep my eyes closed most of the time and sometimes feel weird for that especially when i 'm with a long term partner lol
i respect your opinion my friend and i will not call it bad .
i could have sworn i have read in pre-covid times several pieces about how catching a cold/flu periodically can be beneficial as these viruses help clear out weaker cells from your body .
for me the worst is getting a sore throat .
i f'ing hate it with the fire of a thousand suns .
yet i realize that it 's madness to reorganize society around mitigation of viruses like this .
wait they 're printing up to issue 7 only ?
i could 've sworn the solicited trade did n't mention everything too
most of this stuff is n't an issue to me .
only issue i 've come up with is if the server drops in the middle of a game you lose your streak and the devs wo n't do anything about it .
there is an m2 light tank which looks similar to an m3 stuart but have some differences
us educated ones follow religion but you uneducated ones make up theories etc
r9 is a very fond memory for loads of people here because he played when they just got into football .
plus his playing style was made for youtube compilations .
and he was actually very good i do n't think you can just say suarez was a better player .
players from around the turn of the century are just a bit overrated here zidane r9 while great players from the 90s are hardly talked about van basten matthaus baggio .
mine are tptb see stackers as honey bees and when the winter comes take the comb
fire cape black mask assembler obby legs black d'hide legs then there 's nothing else i can think of until i get 83 slayer .
full elite void at pest control whenever i unlock the veteran boat and diary .
i did undo the negative terminal but only for about 30 seconds or so .
based on what you said it should be a few minutes ?
yep although it has the bad sharpness issue it works really well against monsters with no good hitzones redhelm and snowbaron for example .
thanks to the natural 40 affinity it has critical boost is possible to use against these monsters it also has a really good songset .
just a recommend go with sharpness 2 rs and absolute readiness do n't use bludgeoner because blue sharpness is better than green with bludgeoner .
im red/green colorblind and im pretty sure that 's why .
do you fail some of the color tests the optometrist gives ?
this is true but it 's just unfeasible to carry a roster like we had pre-covid .
the options we had in the midfield and in defence were nothing short of incredible but nobody aside from chelsea city would be able to afford paying muller coutinho thiago goretzka kimmich tolisso or a back line cbs consisting of lucas sule boateng alaba right now .
there 's an app from google called google lens .
you just snap a pic from your phone and it identifies anything in the world for you .
why are you debating staying a qb in the first round ?
henry has been a consensus 1 pick and provided cmc can stay healthy he is a good choice .
interesting i work for a big owner rep firm nothing yet on required not that i care i have it .
my old construction firm is large in nyc and does a lot of work for related but the principals were big trumpers and were antivax .
i grew up with my parents never using the dining room except for guests .
we now use out kitchen space for breakfast and lunch and the dining room for dinner .
it was a pro hezbo saying that lebanese people can do nothing besides cry and made fun of the victims .
saying walla llan yarou el fajr '' means they are going to kill them all .
there 's a good film buried somewhere in there really in the first third of the film .
but it never really flourishes and is quickly consumed by the bond anniversary demands for a collage of past 007 exploits even if they tonally conflict with one another .
heyy i am new to reddit upvote for upvote ?
if you do n't even know what gbe and ers are how can you possibly say that there is nothing wrong with how you 're playing the game ?
in ws you are not playing against a computer ai npc .
if you are losing that means that the other players are better than you .
if you have kids they 'll make the problem worse with their own waste and pollution .
also they 'll be born during a planetary ecological disaster that they will resent you for as they have to live with famine disease wars and mass migration all caused by damage to the environment .
congratulations you created people that will pollute more than you hate you for living in comparative luxury or will die early as a result of climate catastrophe .
hr here who has just rolled out a parental leave policy meaning we offer the same to both parents .
we actually wanted to increase the duration but took the decision to keep it how it was .
the reason we wanted to improve it is because it 's sort of average to good for mothers and amazing for fathers at 4 months paid 100 for 6 weeks then 2/3rd for remainder .
we as a business have decided to foot the bill for something that in my opinion government needs to get on board with .
we can claim back 90 of earnings for 6 weeks for mothers then stat for many weeks which is tiny but we can claim stat for father 's for two weeks literally like 400 .
so to make this equal it costs us significantly more to apply to fathers than mothers .
we did it anyway because it 's the right thing to do .
i feel strongly it 's the right thing not just to be fairer to fathers though important but because it can remove a massive negative bias towards hiring/promoting/keeping women .
if anyone can take 4 months off you remove a lot of the 'if i hire her she 's going to bugger off on maternity ' .
not it 's not gone completely because mothers can take longer meaning you typically have to temporarily replace them but it helps .
we should be levelling that playing field if we ever want to not so regularly make the assumption that men make more money than women not a dig just an observation because even though it 's not always true the gender pay gap is real and time out for children is a big part of it .
there is more to this than finances too though .
at my company before i joined three fathers took parental leave and none of them took even close to their full entitlement .
i have n't drilled into why yet but it feels societal .
i make a lot more than my partner so financially it would make sense if he took time off with no pay should we have kids but the expectation will be that he goes back and i stay off .
am i gon na see this guy riding off like a bad ass ... or tumbling to the foot of the hill with his bike ? ''
science '' is not always based on much these days .
for example the american diet is mostly backed by user submitted surveys '' done by harvard university .
accurate scientific studies have proven that people lie on those surveys for a wide variety of reasons ...
regardless those crap surveys have been used to determine what we should all eat as americans .
and this is harvard university we are talking about ... not some non-profit private organization '' like the cdc .
there is no such thing as a true non profit .
and there is a clear incentive for all major corporations to keep pumping out the fear .
i also never said i did n't believe in science or even the science the cdc is pushing .
all you need is to take their numbers do some simple math and compare to the previous pandemics .
our reaction to this pandemic is not proportional or rational .
lots of good may come from this as the new type of vaccines may very well be a huge breakthrough and good long term .
i just do n't believe there is a need to continue this fear-game any longer .
it served a purpose though and likely has been very beneficial for us all long term .
that being said the destruction of the environment is a much bigger risk to us all and should be getting way more attention .
haha no worries fam there 's a lot of music out in the world .
he 's really kinda introverted so that must 've been horrible .
i could n't watch once the host started talking and interrupting mid sentence of first answer .
found a stun grenade works better than shooting for some reason
your telling me when you cheat in a game time flies way too quick ?
you ruin people 's fun and your the one who 's depressed ?
the holds are numbered in sequence they were intended to be used .
please do n't take what i 'm saying as judgment or disapproval .
by all means you be you and i applaud that .
but i 'm trying to figure out what you 're saying as a heterosexual male .
are you annoyed at the community or at straight males that do n't want to date transwomen ?
not to make assumptions but if it 's the latter that perplexes me .
i 've encountered that before that someone would be angry at someone else for not being sexually attracted to them .
that just seems real narcissist stalky/rapey someone would feel that they get to hurl accusations of bigotry at people for having their own minds and i wonder how society will tolerate that but not tolerate the same behavior by men towards women .
i 'm not accusing just asking for clarification and venting myself .
reincarnation is a theory yes the afterlife could be anything we have no way of knowing what it is or if it exists
und wenn du mal guckst was sich unter diesem hashtag so sammelt dann ist eigentlich auch klar wohin die reise geht .
you should play around with her a bit and see if you like her better than siege then decide which of the two you e2 .
i have siege at e2 so i 'm doing dusk first for sure .
the unvaccinated alive and dead affect more than themselves .
alive they create the space for faster spread more breakthrough cases more mutations and variants and more disinformation .
dead they leave behind people who love them they leave people who may have been financially dependant on them they may leave jobs empty that save lives .
some stupid people make the world a better place in their own way the good they do is not entirely devalued by their idiocy in one area no matter how big .
if i had a genie and the chance to wish them vaccinated or dead i would wish them vaccinated .
because as much as i am an elitist introvert who hates people humans are social creatures and we are capable of better together than with more dead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/verifiedmodels if you have any questions or concerns .
what 's a good way of enticing them the way i want ?
shall i just block the east way off at the start ?
if you do n't want them going east then yes .
it 's 100 reasonable to dislike something in a module and want to change it and as dm you totally have the power to do that and should n't feel bad or hesitant to do something that you think will improve the experience for the players .
presenting the players with false options and nudging them to the real ones is railroading and is generally a bad idea .
there was a law that sunsetted that allows in very specific cases a backdoor roth for those over the income .
in general though there is a hard income cap for a roth at 208,000 .
do people think that levy would accept 150m if city bid for him ?
made it clear that he does n't want kane to go to an english club .
i 'm curious about the performance costs for machines that have plenty of software development tools on them and run docker etc .
i would like to know about the supremo quests .
if im not mistaken there 's only 3 world quests for the supremos and the rest are rng commissions ?
as for the 3 first it 's while leaving ritou next is near the kanjou camp 's thundering sakura tree and lastly to the right of katherine in inazuma city .
is that right or is there more world quests im asking this because i 've set my commissions to inazuma since the update and after completing all 3 world quest within the first 4 days of release i have n't gotten a single supremo commission at all .
it almost cost me my life at my own hand
it does n't make it right but if the op is trying to avoid racists good luck .
ca n't wait to watch this drama ! ! !
jeez how many points did she have to earn to pick that bad boy out of the catalog ?
or the dark knight bank robbers glowy special armor 80 's action heroes gi joe operators the rockstars water bunnies and men in cod league uniforms .
i miss when cod had believable customization or at least mostly normal customization with a few novelty items like ww2
i turn level 50 next month i 'll let you know .
ngl i go to bed pretty early but i 'll try to get to goblet of fire that 's my favorite
i live vicariously through these vids as i 'm not confident enough to give adequate care to one
based on what bothered you ow2 will be very interesting tho .
a lot of changes to pvp and a standalone pve game .
1. have the moass happen tomorrow but have to use that font for every phone/laptop/screen/printed doc for the rest of your life
if hunter x hunter was n't in a floating timeline killua would technically be older than gojo because killua 's 12 and the series started in 1998 while gojo was born in 1989 .
this is literally the stupidest news i 've seen today .
it also helps to wear all your gold medals when you go ride too .
there are many cards that let you discover spells for a low cost .
i do n't see why this would be more of a game changer than any other cards where you discover spells for a low cost .
my trick for this is to never become a vampire .
but i think werewolf blood will cure vampirism and visa versa
we both celebrate each others wins no matter how small they are and do n't keep score
it 's ok lol i understand btw i added ya !
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
you do you i guess do hope you know what you 're doing .
shot terribly this year but fuck it i 'd take the chance
they gave their kids hazelnut ice cream which the youngest swiped on my hand and it promptly started swelling .
i simply do not agree to such circumstances now .
i risk all just to apprehend a miniscule amount of gained reputation .
i remember seeing it when it was released and i was n't quite well versed on misogyny as a whole at the time .
then i learned more and now here i am .
you usually only get rashes if you 're misdiagnosed and prescribed antibiotics
i 'm no japanese translator but i somewhat understand page 4 forward
the riddle of the sphynx d'ya ... . d'ya got any gum ?
you know you 're in a subreddit for resident physicians right ?
not working for me but i was wondering if you could post directly on your own profile ?
i 've read other women saying this and i was ... kinda pissed .
i did n't know that 's what you were supposed to do with them .
if i had realized that i think i could have had a lot more fun with them .
i did n't want much to do with them because my mom made a big deal about how you could dress them and do their hair and i did n't want to do a doll 's hair or change her clothes because that was boring .
i wanted toys that did stuff and all barbies did was just sit there .
if somebody had told me hey you use these to act out stories '' i think i 'd have been like oh hey that sounds fun and it probably would have been pretty cool .
i 'll definitely keep my eyes or ears open haha .
you 're very right i totally misread the comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/modelwesternassembly if you have any questions or concerns .
i like what someone else said i like vaginas i just do n't like what they are attached to '' and i kinda feel the same way i like meat but i do n't like guys so that 's why i usually watch traps on the hub .
poster is probably a cuban government troll like his russian troll friends .
physical health is irrelevant to being trans you chimp .
it uses the scientific method conducts experiments the whole package .
it is a social science and that is science .
that source still says that trans people benefit from transitioning just that not everyone who experiences gender dysphoria should do so .
if you have gender dysphoria you work through it whichever way benefits you .
i experienced gender dysphoria but i 'm not trans .
if we are talking about physical health its minor if anything at all .
hormone blockers cause minor bone density loss but not all trans people use then .
hrt causes minor issues with the sex organs sometimes depending on what kind such as erectile dysfunction but like trans people do n't care to use their sex organs at least in the conventional way so it does n't matter .
sex reassignment surgery does remove the old sex organs but see the previous point .
plus it 's not like they ca n't piss anymore .
since the physical ramifications are basically non-existent let 's talk about this implied regret .
the detransitioners are a tiny minority within a tiny minority small enough that it 's blatantly obvious that the reason they exist is n't because being trans does n't exist but the fact that some people like me who experience gender dysphoria but are n't trans are n't accommodated for in the transitioning system meaning some slip through the cracks .
this is a criticism of the system that claims to successfully deter those who are n't trans but occasionally fails to do so .
this is why people require to undergo mental assessments beforehand .
i 'm going to go out on a limb and say that 's a wireless access point for their wifi .
i doubt its the neon signs i see no cord hanging down from the ceiling and there 's a plug closer to the window if that were the case .
i was so optimistic that i thought i 'd only be leaving the office for two weeks and left a brand new calendar i bought in japan on my desk .
yep never got to use it or see any of the months ' photos .
others went from 24k base to 31k base price !
not sure about norway there are plenty of people driving without a license .
you 're literally expressing your opinion right now in a phish sub .
do n't act like you 're being censored lmao .
i love how after this one failed a group of people in south yorkshire apparently thought about raising money to get the bomber to have another go wt thatcher .
edit to the dude who decided to start a chat with me over how thatcher did nothing wrong '' please kindly fuck off .
one option some folks did was first do the tundra front end conversion and then more options open up i think .
looks amazing but i think it looks better on the floor
i was optimistic last season even though i do n't like the moves they made and granted they had injuries but still did n't work out .
i 'm less optimistic this year but happy to be proved wrong
we 're all dumb kids at ten especially idiots on reddit
if we are going by brand/country origin nicaraguan oliva is also a really nice brand .
i 'm curious to know if you 'd still hold it in such high regard trying it today .
certainly my palate and preferences have changed over time and things that used to excite me downright bore me now .
my gateway to hampden was actually the blackadder 14 which i recently got a sample of and i 'm looking forward to revisiting it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/modelwesternassembly if you have any questions or concerns .
all of love shows got cancelled and vh1 even tried to go in a different direction that ended as soon as basketball wives hit the air .
yea it 's all but confirmed that ryan jenkins won i love money 3 .
from several castmember accounts it was going to be the best season ever with tons of drama and an intense ryan/weasel rivalry with ryan winning at the end .
characters like lacey played a huge part in the season and she has talked a lot about it .
i 've seen some documentaries about how ryan killed his wife .
snagged one from tombstone but had to pay sales tax .
told myself once these dipped under 2k i 'd be in so not too mad about the theft .
now if you 're talking the cesspool of the actual forum where they literally gave death threats over a video game update well i do n't know .
pretty sure it 's mostly conservatives who defend it bc they know it 's the only way they stay competitive in presidential elections
ngl main reason i prefer super is the fact that a team can essentially be screwed over by someone just rushing their compound as let 's say they wipe the squad but lose 2 members essentially it is guaranteed that they will not win resulting in those 4 kills being essentially useless .
whereas in super they would have 4 kill points and still potentially be in the mix for a couple more and 1 or 2 placement points .
in the article they specify that it was said just before intubation .
if u a producer and find time to create lyrics for an ai carti voice u need a job and need to give up on music
on the first tip you link cwdt+hydrophere and the melee splash on boneshatter ?
no but she has a non-binding resolution to end the unhoused crisis '' https www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/browse ? sponsor=456829
i am a fan of the esoteric techno pimp theme of his original skin .
i 'd love to see him take him out but i have no idea how he does it .
those kids are family and watching/hanging out with them was best for everyone .
you ca n't just stop interacting with kids in your life because your sister-in-law does n't like that you take care of children for a living .
for how long/how many years did you spend more than 15 min on the toilet ?
and there is no difference between sitting an hour every day and multiple hours every couple of days you still are fucked ?
if you are trying to post a raid please make sure you are spelling the raid bosses name correctly .
please go in game and type it exactly as you see it in game and it will go through .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongoraids if you have any questions or concerns .
definitely shallow dicking in fact just the tip-ing is prob more accurate
festivals are my worst nightmare but i did it because my boyfriend loves them and 2020 sucked so hard .
the music was so so awesome though i have to say .
yeah but obviously imp rover '' and say shun '' were huge hits do n't you remember those ?
but hey at least we got a little of that griz set including smash the funk into blastaa !
and as long as nobody was struck by lightning we 're good .
not really fischl is usually played with beidou together because fischl helps beidou generate energy for her ult .
i 've enjoyed reading the other commenter 's reply 's .
as for me my steam account was opened 11 years ago .
i purchased a civilization v key from aspyr and remember being upset that it was a download code to install from steam .
well 449 games and over a decade later and can say that civ 5 was the gateway that led me into the wonderful community and game service which is steam .
i 'm having problems figuring out what goes where does n't help most are for ender 3 mine is v2 with all metal extruder and a lot require screws i do n't have any .
i think il join you with that then d a site i can recommend is penhaven with the https and .com of course just not going to our links here encase it scares anyone i use it to buy my pens and ink cartridges or bottles costs a pretty penny in my case but there 's everything ranging from simplistic lamy pens all the way to limited time mont blanc pens
your post has been automatically removed because it appears to lack a descriptive title .
please resubmit the post with a title which better reflects its content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sex if you have any questions or concerns .
i have usually three different playlists for working out .
rap/hip-hip artists like denzel curry freddie gibbs slowthai playboi carti a few kanye songs mainly from yeezus bun b danny brown etc .
metalcore/post-hardcore parkway drive the devil wears prada as i lay dying suicide silence etc .
easy to tell what keeps you up at night !
she does n't want to put the hurt on you but you better believe her when she tells you that she 's finally got the dirt on you you 're busted !
we went on holiday for a week and had someone catsit for us we have 2 other cats but freddie the one in the photo is the biggest he was never fat he was just ... .huge !
he was neutered very late so he 's naturally massive .
but we came back from wales too find one of the other boys was skinner than he should be while freddie has turned into a beefy boy .
we 're planning on putting him on a diet he 's gone from hench too chonk 
what we call pkd1 is actually a whole bunch of sub-variants .
so it 's also possible your family has a rare sub-variant of pkd1 that delayed progression .
pkd1 has average kidney failure at age 55 and pkd2 age 70 .
also i edited my initial post above to add a bunch more detail so check out my edits .
i have been to florida in the last year .
there are people still wearing mask and v they are still required some places .
i did n't feel much differently than holidays in italy last summer or austria or switzerland to be honest .
slightly better than mexico but not as good as sweden or japan ...
i 've been wearing a mask for over a year now and i still ca n't wear one outside during the day without soaking it in sweat because i live in south texas and it 's the hottest part of the year .
but keep defending the billion dollar company that 's lucky they got chosen to make the pokemon mobile game cuz if it was n't pokemon niantic would 've been done years ago .
you mean like m4a 15 minimum wage and extending the moratorium ... .oh wait they cucked on them like the lil lying cowardly chicken mice like they are .
go back to the republican party you lying lil fascist .
that is a difficult situation so it is completely normal you get into fights in your couple .
your girl lets you know she ca n't handle it alone in the house and you are letting her know you want to be home too but that is not financially possible .
both of you will adapt to the situation in time .
you should continue to reply calmly with empathy to her requests .
you are carrying the burden of a big responsibility but so does she .
try and make a solid financial plan on the long term .
have faith in your situation trust your skills the fact you are reaching out in here means you have the best intentions and you 're a good person .
and if you need a chat i am in no means a professional but you can always dm me .
that was the best birthday present and i didnt even know he was dropping it
sad thing is you ca n't even take the time to apologize to people because console is completely barred from both viewing and using game shat .
the only post i could find over there that fits your description and time frame is far from a circlejerk .
if you search the thread by simply typing furries in the search bar it will list them all .
its not like you can work full time at 16
if it comes alongside a mostly intact reconciliation bill the progressives will pass it .
they do n't like asset recycling detest it even but they will be willing to let it go in exchange for the climate and soft infrastructure in the reconciliation bill .
if it comes by itself i do think they will sink it .
see this is why our country is going down the tube and because we are n't making our promises to our seniors .
lol oh yeah he thinks you and i are alts of mark 's ... despite the fact that i literally ca n't speak any language other than english and you can .
what an abrupt cut to justin on the phone with his family ...
many indigenous families desperately relied on child welfare assistance due to widespread poverty on reserves and the horror of the reserves was not yet widely known not to mention indigenous people were excluded from most other welfare programs and the coercive pressure builds up .
for many families the choices were either starving together or sending their children to these schools .
and the government knew this hence why they passed that rule .
i wonder if mcdonald would put it in the menu as a tastyburger
it doesnt matter if they have been eligible for decades .
some advantage if there 's only been one woman who even qualified and that woman did n't even get a medal .
people keep talking about biology here but the thing about science is you need to actually verify your hypothesis before you can call it a theory .
if trans women have a biological advantage then the obvious prediction is that once they 're allowed to compete in a given sport you 'd see more of them competing and winning at a higher level right ?
https youtu.be/n7k4gqsgvx8 quinton handled himself well and he looked like he was having fun .
pretty messed up for her to wish violence on him like that saying she hopes he gets attacked walking down the street .
if he can be consistent as a shooter great signing
i 'm tripping dick on shrooms rn and yes this does physically hurt to read
already own bf 1 if i win bf 5 thank you so much also here have this
the ears are not turned up the tongue is not purple those paws do not look like they 're the type that stand on their tippy toes like they 're all wearing high heels .
i 've been doing this for over a decade this does not look like a chow .
i am glad you have found this sub unfortunately you are not alone .
i have a very similar story and i am about 10 months of been freed .
i like your perspective on saying that she finally let you go .
narcissistic people tend to have an emotional holds on their partners .
we are only human and can only make the best decisions with the information you have at the time .
i can say that i am finally feeling like me and i am slowly cutting the umbilical cord of my toxic stbxw .
i unfortunately have to deal with her for the foreseeable future because we have children but i have learned to establish boundaries .
if you need someone to talk to in this moment of your life feel free to reach out .
frist the press for shotguns is different than the rifle/handgun rounds .
i started cheap with a lee kit but i do n't suggest starting there .
the lee classic turret will let you start out loading like a single stage but also works well for rifle and handgun rounds .
the turret heads are interchangeable so you can set the dies up once and swap them out .
the lee dies are fine as well but that is about all i would buy from them .
look to rcbs for you 're powder drop and other tools .
for powder you need to buy a loading manual and do research on the calibers you want .
you are going to be better off buying powder locally if possible so look around and see what is available with your manual .
uap have been reported to have their own set defense systems .
some have been reported to be capable of absorbing small projectiles .
such as the bullets from an old military jet 's machine gun .
they have also been said to be capable to return fire which was sent their way such as missiles .
i do n't get this perception of trying to look at these vehicles as weapons when there are reports of their defense systems .
so what about other things that are for public health ?
people should be able to smoke indoors if they want and take on that risk .
libertarians are n't against common safe traffic laws when the roads are publicly run .
they are quite often in favour of private roads .
i personally was and still am extremely bullish on safemoon imo .
recently i have started to worry but just in the slightest but for the first time those thoughts had entered my head .
i then thought to myself is it really only the whales who are selling ?
i went onto dex.guru https dex.guru and watched the transactions closely every significant buy over 300 i checked to see who was buying and selling .
to my surprise i noticed that most of the larger sales were coming from one particular wallet .
0xff3dd404afba451328de089424c74685bf0a43c9 https bscscan.com/token/0x8076c74c5e3f5852037f31ff0093eeb8c8add8d3 ? a=0xff3dd404afba451328de089424c74685bf0a43c9 which is whale number 4. .
i believe that is a dev wallet or an exchange .
one of the most surprising things i noticed was that all of the bigger bags were holders with 1-10 billion safemoon .
most had n't sold a token in months and have really been loading up especially lately .
yes the top whale has sold too ... but i noticed the current holders are loading up ... .seeing so many holders buying holding and accumulating made me feel better .
so i installed the snap version of spotify on ubuntu 20.04 but in the top right corner i see the disconnected icon saying make sure you 're online . ''
but if i go to a playlist i can double click to play a song despite the message that pops up saying not available while you 're offline '' each time .
the issue is that it refuses to play songs in my main liked songs playlist but works on regular playlists .
the weirdest thing is that this is also a problem on the web player on chrome which makes no sense since it 's loading spotify over the web but i still get the something went wrong '' error !
anyone else experience this and know how to fix it ?
edit i 'm using easytether-usb which emulates a wired network from a usb hotspot but if i go in the ubuntu network settings it does n't say that there 's a wired connection even though i get internet from it .
is spotify maybe checking for a local connection without actually checking for internet ?
i have a level 315 character and getting bored of ledo 's great hammer
we 've got a fictive from a niche fandom .
he 's very close to his source and identifies as the character .
we 've got fictives from the same source but they do not identify with their sources and are actually pretty distant from it .
this fictive does not call either of these alters his sourcemates and sees them the alters and characters as different entities .
this alter has been fronting much more lately because we 're at a more comfortable point in our lives .
he keeps expressing to me how uncomfortable and alone he is .
i have heard both sidesi 've heard getting fictives connected back with sourcemates is good for them .
on the other hand i 've heard it 's just indulging in fantasies and they should be reminded that they are n't that character .
we 're very lost and we 've tried to see if his feelings would go away yes we 're aware we should n't have done this and they have n't .
he 's only gotten more lonely and more depressed and i 'm just not sure how to help him .
 bourne 2-film bundle the bourne identity and the bourne legacy both 4k uhd/ma
i have been on brand name films for several years and just recently had a change of insurance and after my appointment today had no choice but to get the generic films .
i have about a month supply of the brand name films left over so i am hoping to make this a smooth transition .
i 've tried reading the king james version but the outdated text makes it a bit difficult to read and take in .
edit thank you everybody for the overwhelming amount of suggestions .
i think i 've decided on giving the nkjv a shot and i 'll see where it goes from there .
i feel like i 've seen a video or maybe a gif of a late model v90 rear turn signal that moves in a pattern sequential rather than just blinking .
anyone else seen this or did i just dream it up ?
i called nanuk and they do n't sell individual panels so if the ones that come with the case are n't enough you 're just stuck with it .
i think that 's totally crazy for a product that 's supposed to be able to be customized .
anyway i 'm having a hard time finding fabric divider panels to purchase .
i have been considering a frenum piercing for my little buddy .
my wife says i 'm not right considering it at 39yo but i wanted it for a few years but just never got to it yet .
criei uma conta no twitter e uma petio para que a light novel de youkoso jitsuryoku classroom of the elite seja publicada no brasil .
conversei com um dos mods e ele disse que tudo bem divulgar aqui contanto que eu no spamasse
eis aqui meu pedido para que vocs assinem a petio na change.org e sigam e interajam na conta do twitter
hiya i 'm fairly beginner to ae so i know there will be an obvious answer i just do n't know what it is .
ive accidentally pressed something and it has turned my timeline to this
it has also affected a portion of my animation but i woul'nt worry too much about that i can resolve that issue once i get my timelines and keyframes back .
printout will not be accepted ... does this mean leave my ptbm at home ?
the rest of the time we wake up is spent at work .
do you have to pay for precious cleaning time ?
our new jersey residential cleaning staff will be on schedule and happy to finish the job .
we assume your time is crucial so why not devote it to us ?
in the future we have all the additional services you will need .
we offer incredible discounts on group deals and we know the bottom line is everything .
i 'm doing research on behalf of a welsh charity and would greatly appreciate any responses to this quick survey
it will literally take you less than 5 minutes .
so i have ordered the quandrix strixhaven deck and i seek to build it into the mimeoplasm 1/+1 and clone shenanigans .
this is my decklist https tappedout.net/mtg-decks/mimeoclone-1 ? cb=1628079359 https tappedout.net/mtg-decks/mimeoclone-1 ? cb=1628079359 .
i need advice and help for more shienanigans and if you think another commander i can make a guess or 3 for what i 'm trying to do please advise me .
thank you for the assistance oh and budget is 50 aud at best .
sooo when i was a teenager i was sexually assulted by my step father .
my mother was putting herself through college and working full time .
i did n't want her to know at the time as i knew it would alter not only her life but my little sisters life as well .
me and my mother work together and sometimes we have heated political debates .
recently she had said something about my generation being supersensitive .
not sure why my brain was like and now we talk about the trauma '' .
but i just blurted out i grew up with your generations mentality of rub some dirt in it and was sexually abused and hid it from you for forever because i felt i would 1 not of been heard 2 did n't want to be a burden 3 thought nobody would believe me .
my notation of rubbing some dirt in it and sucking it up now that i 'm older i recognize how important mental health is and since my generation is so super sensitive .
why do n't you tell me why you have never wanted to talk about this subject since i told you when i was 24 ?
i can talk about this plainly and be fine because i addressed the issue you in the other hand tear up and ca n't speak because of your generations mentality .
probably not the best thing to say but it drove the point home .
i have waited since the age of 24 to have this conversation .
maybe not the best way to bring it up .
she needs to talk about it and i need closure .
how do i mend what u feel like i broke ?
p si listened to her end and am trying to understand the best i can .
she did say some things about her feelings i know i wo n't fully understand her because i do n't have kids .
but how can i try to understand her better ?
a place for members of r/nude_beach_bulgaria to chat with each other
at some point i found some videos on pornhub i think by an amateur who had persistent genital arousal disorder .
she taped herself getting orgasms form nothing and they were pretty good but they disappeared and i would like to find em again
go to https www.bybit.com/en-us/invite ? ref=ly1jym https www.bybit.com/en-us/invite ? ref=ly1jym
enjoy maximum protection with 100 funds storage in our multi-signature cold wallet .
your funds are safe with bybit 's stringent withdrawal process via our offline signature function .
a little idea popped into my head this morning and i would love to play it out with a few people !
the idea is that i 'm a streamer on twitch/content creator on youtube with a fair audience .
i mostly play fps 's but i branch out every so often to play other games .
i have a fair following but i 'm not huge and i 'm alright at the games but perhaps not the best .
i have a few ideas for your roles and if you have any of your own then i would love to hear them !
you 're a fellow streamer and we do a collaboration or meet at a convention .
maybe our audiences are very similar and this has been something long in the works and now we are finally in the same room together i ca n't help but fall for you .
you 're a fan of mine and we end up getting together at a convention .
i can see this going either one of two ways .
either you have a crush on me and i feel the same way about you after meeting you or perhaps you become a stalker .
you hide cameras in my room and follow me around and then maybe even kidnap me !
you can be my friend who is helping out editing my videos or maybe my boyfriend or a fan who meets up with me .
before starting i 'd love to chat about it a little with you about ideas and also what kinks to put in .
please try and bring something unique and put some effort in to your messages .
also please pm me do n't use chat i ca n't see it !
in particular i am struggling with the shift key .
i have tried dialing the mod-tap settings tapping term ignore mod tap interrupt permissive hold per-key settings etc .
but either i get something too sensitive and i unintentionally trigger the hold '' function when i meant to type the key or not sensitive enough and occasionally not holding it long enough to trigger the hold .
ca n't for the life of me find any sort of sweet spot '' .
is it just practice or are there some secret sauce configs that yall use ?
naugramedical is the best hospital medical instruments manufacturers https www.naugramedical.com/hospital-medical-equipments in india that too at an affordable price range .
ssa sent me my disability record cd yesterday i view some of the information .i see appointments she had made,1 to there medical dr .
my disability is mental the examiner was n't nice at all she did reschedule .
me being there was going to happen ! 1month later the day before my appointment i received a letter from examiner stating the appt had been canceled .
i 've got every letter she sent me with the dates .it 's very obvious she made a mistake .
she just screamed at me i 'm trying to tell her the dates .
click ! i give my lawyer copy of these paper's.nothing else is said .
in my files she states i was a no show.then there 's a copy of letter supposedly sending me to there psychiatrist .i never received that.she writes a no show on that alsoi was n't even aware .
not showing up to those appointments can get me denied .
tell you this it looks like it was copied and pasted .talks about pill count every month .
we never have had pill count ! this system is so broken !
tl dr seems like seller is trying to pressure me to drop a dispute after he initially refused to give a refund .
claims an item he mentioned breaking broke in transit and that it 's my fault .
i am using discover in my first ever chargeback and wanted to see if i could get some advice here to protect myself .
i bought a car part from a shop out of state and they mailed the item to me .
i then found out the item would n't work as intended due to unforeseen wiring complications hard to see this when you ca n't see what connections it has .
the part was 825 so i did n't want to just be out the money so i contacted the seller .
basically told me sucks it did n't work but that 's not his fault and stated yeah you tried installing it i do n't want it .
mind you it 's a used part out of a wrecked vehicle and the install is literally laying it in the truck as it was a center console .
nothing was moved or damaged and it even still had the tag because all i did was take out of the box and lay on the floor of the cab .
i reviewed the invoice and the invoice stated i can return with a 15 restocking fee and i was fine with that as i ended up selling the truck two days later anyway .
i called the seller back and mentioned his own policy and he rudely said he 'd take it back but then very carefully told me that if it comes damaged then i 'm out of luck .
i packaged it exactly how he sent it to me and even used the packing materials better than he had protecting all sides not just the top and bottom .
low and behold he tells me it came damaged .
in all my years of shipping breakables i 've never had a package damaged .
found it highly suspicious that he was very careful to tell me he wo n't refund if it 's damaged and then that 's the one time a shipment is damaged .
i contacted fedex but they told me since they did n't package it the insurance i got for it was null .
i have no idea what the seller told fedex as he had a hand in dealing with the investigation .
i fully believe he told them i packaged it poorly but i have no way of knowing .
now the item is in the hands of seller and it has minor damage that occurred out of my control and he has already admitted he can still sell it as a discounted price .
i asked him to meet in the middle and refund me a portion that way he can sell it and still make his profit .
i called discover and they told me it fits for a chargeback because i did n't break the item and i even photographed it before shipping because of his comment of if it get damaged .
now here i am a few days into the chargeback and the seller emailed me .
he said if you going to to try to dispute this with your card and file a claim that is not going to happen .
if you drop the dispute i would be willing to work with you .
i could do a 50 refund since it was damaged.
now i 've never charged back anything in my life .
but his attitude towards this has really just been sour .
does it seem like he is pressuring me to drop the chargeback because discover would side with me and then he 's out ?
i found it very interesting he suddenly was willing to work and give a partial refund albeit not we enough of a partial one .
also if i even dropped it i ca n't guarantee he would refund so would i be screwed since i dropped the dispute ?
long post i know and may not fit the sub but just wanted opinions .
first of all a little background we are both girls and we were friends since 1st year college .
tbh the moment i saw her alam ko na na magkakacrush ako sa kanya so i tried to be close to her until i found out she has a gf na that time so my crush feeling immediately fade out .
since then kaibigan na lang talaga tingin ko sa kanya .
we are good friends and eventually i got a gf another close friend of mine for 5 years so diba sobrang saya ko non .
but of course everything has to end and we broke up .
fast forward to the pandemic even though i already broke up with my ex this girl na naging crush ko nung college remained to be my friend and kahit sila pa rin ng gf niya i did not develop my past feelings again for her since i 'm in the phase of moving on .
until there 's a time na they also broke up and as a friend ofc i was there for her platonically helping her to move on especially i experienced that pain just recently so i gave advices and stuff like that .
but because of that months later we became closer talaga and as a demisexual i became confused if ever my old feelings for her is coming back .
ofc i tried to fight it kasi she 's in the process of moving on plus naghanap na lang ako ng ibang happy crush sa block .
they were broken up for like 7-8 months ago na and sometimes i think she 's still into her ex that 's why i am trying to fight my feelings for her pero may times talaga na dahil we 're becoming too close i ca n't deny na i 'm having feelings for her even though i know if we date and break up the consequence of how much pain breaking up with someone you love especially if your ex was a close friend pa is devastating .
napapaisip na lang ako if am i taking advantage of her vulnerability because there are times na yes kahit sobrang tagal na nila nagbreak minsan gusto niya uli ichat and i 'm stopping her to become a clown .
sometimes napapaisip ako if i 'm being genuine as friend to hold her back from talking to her ex again or maybe i have this deep side na i 'm just doing it because i like her .
i mean ofc i 'm not planning to confess to her anytime soon or even at all .
sometimes i just miss dating someone and i tried to find a date online yet even though how much we vibed or clicked in the end nasa isip ko lang siya pa rin yung gusto ko so i ended up calling it off  those random online dates genuinely and not ghosting them tbh i really miss dating but sometimes it feels like she 's the only one i wan na date
i wonder if there is a possibility to get in touch with someone who is also single ?
makerdao is one of the core project on defi .
the foundation of the project is built on the ethereum blockchain .
the two main components are dai stablecoin and mkr governance .
the protocol creates dai that is backed by eth using a vault mechanism.this system is able to regulate and stabilise the price of dai stablecoin .
this protocol is also the first successful onchain reserve stablecoin .
the mechanisms of stablecoins have changed since 2017 and we 're going to start classifying stablecoins into four different categories
check the previous newsletter if you want more clarity .
in makerdao 's ecosystem dai is the stablecoin and uses a dual token and reserve mechanism .
it is soft pegged to one dollar and uses over-collateralisation to get that one dollar .
it uses different kinds of on-chain crypto assets like eth stablecoins and non-stablecoins .
in the dual token model as the name suggests there are two tokens in the system .
the primary token is stablecoin dai which is soft pegged to the us dollar .
the main function of the secondary token is to absorb volatility in the system .
think of dai as your output which is stable and has low volatility but because there will always be volatility within the system or outside of the system .
the volatility needs to go somewhere so it goes to the other token mkr .
this is a utility token and functions as a governance token for voting .
it can be used to pay off interest accrued in the system and during insolvency .
during crashes or different kinds of liquidation mkr can be minted and sold for dai in the ecosystem .
mkr is a crucial aspect of governing the entire system of dai .
dai is the facilitator that allows people to exchange goods and services .
a few months ago makerdao moved more of its funds towards the dao which means that it is no longer mainly controlled by the founders and is now controlled by the community .
this means that the stablecoin or the dai is backed by reserves and you can use the dai to redeem the underlying collateral .
you can redeem dai for the underlying crypto assets that you deposited to get dai initially .
based on the amount of value in the vault you can mint some dai out and then can use it in some other system .
the only thing that you have to be careful about is the minimum collateralisation ratio .
if i have 150 worth of eth and i put it in my vault then i can take out a maximum of 100 dai from this vault and spend it somewhere else .
my 150 worth of eth sits in the vault .
i can not touch it until i repay the amount that i borrowed which is 100 dai .
i put 150 worth of eth in the vault but if the value falls to 100 then my collateralisation ratio is 100 which is less than the ideal amount of 150 .
now i will have to either repay the loan instead of borrowing 100 dai i must repay 33 dai or i will have to add 50 worth of eth into the collateral so that the minimum collateralisation ratio or the c-ratio is balanced .
moving to a new place is never easy as you have to have a lot of things .
you can leave the stress of moving your bike and car to the professionals .
a team of qualified experts will ensure that your bike and car will be moved safely .
it can ensure that you wo n't have to worry about any issues with it .
it can ensure that you can expect the best quality of bike shifting services https www.carbikemovers.com/services/bike-shifting-in-india .
if motorcycle transportation is your biggest worry then you can get rid of all those stress by letting qualified experts handle the work .
you can easily leave it in the capable hand of experts who can handle everything for your bike and car transport .
the experts can offer you a wide range of bike transport services in bangalore https www.carbikemovers.com/bangalore/car-transport pune gurgaon mumbai delhi .
your bike shifting process will become easier by getting all the required information .
you can send queries as the professionals can ensure that you get the best transport .
if you are looking for bike transport services and thinks about how to transport a bike ?
we know that it is very difficult to operate by yourself then you can always depend on highly experienced and skilled help from carbikemovers bike transport services by train https www.carbikemovers.com/bike-transport-by-train .
we have certified and verified bike relocation services https www.carbikemovers.com/services/bike-relocation-in-india by train from one city to another city in india we offer assistance every step of the way from quotation of bike transporter by train to costing or charges etc .
best bike shifting services and bike relocation services from one state to another state
bike shifting services are the best for your bike or scooty shifting https www.carbikemovers.com/services/scooty-shifting-by-train-in-india needs .
with our best knowledge of routes and packing of bike and scooter we understand your bike or scooter shifting requirements well and without any hassle .
after carefully analyzing your bike or scooty shifting needs we will help you to relocate your bike or scooter all over india .
here you will get shifting of all brands of bike and scooty in india and avail the best and affordable bike transport services on carbikemovers .
once again a big round of applause for u/santapensa !
after such a hectic christmas santa decided to take a relaxing walk to see the saigyou ayakashi the large cherry tree that never blooms .
as he got closer to it he noticed a woman 's figure .
not long after she stood up and waved at him .
thanks for giving me a burger king  impossible whopper as a gift i 've never tasted such a strong seared bite before !
i 'm glad you liked it my dear yuyukhoe. santa replied with a huge smile .
hoewever i 'm sure my meat has even more of a seared bite he added with a wink
? yuyuko started salivating at the idea of tasting something even better than an impossible whopper .
and so santa undid his belt and lowered his pant showing his large penis that was hermetically sealed behind his tight foreskin .
a pink ribbon was tied around the tip of his dick inviting whomever saw it to unwrap this gift .
yuyuko crouched in front of him and removed the ribbon .
right after santa 's penis grew quickly in size and in hardness pointing up to the sky thanks to it 's slight upward bend .
such fine meat i can not find a single hair in here !
it must be thanks to the sub-zero temperature in the north pole that body hair can not appear on your fine skin santa. said yuyuko analyzing his penis
before starting to put her mouth to use she noticed that santa 's tight foreskin had n't peeled off even after his chode got fully erect which was about the size of her forearm .
she grabbed the end of the foreskin with her two hands and with all her strength started pulling down .
making a rubber like sound the dick wrapping slowly descended and revealed the yellow tip of santa 's glorious meat .
that 's not what i saw in those animal videos !
ho ho ... behoeld santa 's secret recipe my glhoerious dick cheese ice cream
ice cream ? yuyuko thought to herself as she tested it 's temperature by sticking her tongue on it .
surprisingly it was as cold as you 'd expect from ice .
well then thanks for the meal. she intensely sucked the cheese barrier impatient to enjoy the renowned flavor of santa 's grade a meat .
as her mouth heated the cold ice it slowly melted and enveloped her entire palate .
mshpf ... fwis fwavor ... chiss shaste shooo gwooshd ! the wet sound of her saliva becoming one with the dick cheese echoed in the lonely winter .
uooooohoho ... you are skilled when it comes to using your mouth are n't you little girl ? santa smirked but yuyuko was too focused on her task to respond .
after ten minutes she finally managed to clear up all the smegma leaving santa 's wet red tip glistening under the sunlight .
the temperature gap made his penis emanate vapor like it was burning hot .
her eyes glared like those of a starving predator about to bounce on it 's prey .
come here little girl have a taste of my candy cane with your second mouth. santa said lying with his back on the ground indicating to yuyuko to climb on top of him .
very well. yuyuko undid her kimono revealing her deathly pale skin which blended completely with the snow if one were to loosen his focus .
then slowly she pushed her bosom back and forth on his tip .
her two hairless lips parted as they gradually became wetter and wetter .
hoho my dear yuyukhoe you have to fit more than that if you want to enjoy my taste in it 's full glhoery !
mnng i 'll do my best ! her soft yet enraptured voice sent shivers on santa 's spine .
yuyuko deeply breathed in and biting her lower lip forced half of santa 's cock inside her .
ugyaaa yuyuko screamed and bent backward her mouth and eyes wide open in shock .
then what if i start moving back and for huh ?
why is n't it moving ? a cold sweat ran down santa 's forehead .
i 'm getting more of a seared bite on santa 's cock than i 'm getting on the impossible whopper.
no please do n't say that no no no ! santa started panicking as he begged for yuyuko 's mercy .
you see yuyuko was more than just a hungry slut she was a skilled hungry slut .
because of that she could taste not only from her usual mouth but also from her vagina .
it was even rumored that her sense of taste was three time stronger in her vagina giving her the nickname of perfect pussy blossom .
i 'm not gon na trip i wanted to come in a 100 hater. a strong suction started absorbing santa 's penis .
yuyuko 's snatch gradually descended swallowing up the entirety of the chode .
i'mma just flat out say it your penis santa is better than your actual impossible whopper !
stop get off me santa screamed at the top of his lungs but no one could hear him in such an isolated place .
he felt yuyuko 's vaginal teeth starting to nibble all over his precious candy stick .
and the fact that it works so well it literally compliments the dick cheese. a tearing sound resounded as santa 's dick was ripped off his crotch going straight inside yuyuko 's womb which acted as a second stomach for her .
a massive bulge could be seen on her belly but along with a deep munching sound it became smaller until a loud burp escaped her now satisfied crotch .
basically want to treat it as plug and play .
for settings all i want is 400 dpi and 1000hz polling rate .
can this be done on the mouse without the software ?
here is the link banggood betafpv twig et5 4s drone eu https bit.ly/3vupf0s
the lowest price in my database is 109.99 on 28.6.2021.there 're already 6 records in db .
if you 're too late or you want e-mail price alerts then you can check current coupons for betafpv twig et5 4s drone here https couponsfromchina.com/betafpv-twig-et5-4s-drone-eu-coupon-price
this is an example of a real deal with nice discount .
hey there i 'm looking for survival zombie game which are unpopular but also not underrated .
i played most of the game which are popular like call of duty black ops cold war resident evil resident evil 2 remake etc .
hey am using planner but am not happy with its preferences .
if its about my theme suggest me a better theme for cinnamon
makerdao is one of the core project on defi .
the foundation of the project is built on the ethereum blockchain .
the two main components are dai stablecoin and mkr governance .
the protocol creates dai that is backed by eth using a vault mechanism.this system is able to regulate and stabilise the price of dai stablecoin .
this protocol is also the first successful onchain reserve stablecoin .
the mechanisms of stablecoins have changed since 2017 and we 're going to start classifying stablecoins into four different categories
check the previous newsletter if you want more clarity .
in makerdao 's ecosystem dai is the stablecoin and uses a dual token and reserve mechanism .
it is soft pegged to one dollar and uses over-collateralisation to get that one dollar .
it uses different kinds of on-chain crypto assets like eth stablecoins and non-stablecoins .
in the dual token model as the name suggests there are two tokens in the system .
the primary token is stablecoin dai which is soft pegged to the us dollar .
the main function of the secondary token is to absorb volatility in the system .
think of dai as your output which is stable and has low volatility but because there will always be volatility within the system or outside of the system .
the volatility needs to go somewhere so it goes to the other token mkr .
this is a utility token and functions as a governance token for voting .
it can be used to pay off interest accrued in the system and during insolvency .
during crashes or different kinds of liquidation mkr can be minted and sold for dai in the ecosystem .
mkr is a crucial aspect of governing the entire system of dai .
dai is the facilitator that allows people to exchange goods and services .
a few months ago makerdao moved more of its funds towards the dao which means that it is no longer mainly controlled by the founders and is now controlled by the community .
this means that the stablecoin or the dai is backed by reserves and you can use the dai to redeem the underlying collateral .
you can redeem dai for the underlying crypto assets that you deposited to get dai initially .
based on the amount of value in the vault you can mint some dai out and then can use it in some other system .
the only thing that you have to be careful about is the minimum collateralisation ratio .
if i have 150 worth of eth and i put it in my vault then i can take out a maximum of 100 dai from this vault and spend it somewhere else .
my 150 worth of eth sits in the vault .
i can not touch it until i repay the amount that i borrowed which is 100 dai .
i put 150 worth of eth in the vault but if the value falls to 100 then my collateralisation ratio is 100 which is less than the ideal amount of 150 .
now i will have to either repay the loan instead of borrowing 100 dai i must repay 33 dai or i will have to add 50 worth of eth into the collateral so that the minimum collateralisation ratio or the c-ratio is balanced .
my daughter 's dad hit me called me retarded slut annoying said nobody want me .
he took a pic of me naked showed his friends .
always get a man who ask for money or just want sex .
i just do n't want to be here no more .
every time i think someone is the one for me .
as we all know the ether token launched as an ico investment contract .
ethereum founders approached a bunch of investors pitched the investors a whitepaper and said if you give us money we will use your funds to deliver you this roadmap and we will also print you a x share of the network in return for your investment .
gary gensler says he has n't seen an ico that he does n't consider a security https www.coindesk.com/sec-chair-gensler-agrees-with-predecessor-every-ico-is-a-security so that obviously means that he views ethereum as a security .
let 's assume ethereum does legally get classified as a security what does that mean for ethereum adoption ?
would that mean it instantly gets delisted from all american exchanges ?
could exchanges still list ethereum if they applied for a license of some sort ?
i finished the novel yesterday and made a post saying i was confused but i did n't even know what i was confused ab lmao bc there 's just so many things to consider .
so if the new oldest dream imagines that dokja will wake up then he will .
but what i do n't understand is that there 's still the problem of how the unconscious dokja is an empty shell of a person since his soul/stories scattered away .
so even if he woke up due to the new oldest dream imagining they type of ending it would n't be him .
he would n't hv his memories so it would n't be the same person .
do y'all hv any theories on how he will get his memory back ?
or maybe he does n't get it back since it 's up to us to decide .
but his stories begin their story telling at the end so they 're probably returning right ?
and if he gets his memory back bc all the fragments that previously scattered to become his reincarnatins come back to him wo n't he become the oldest dream and hv to leave again .
or if all the fragments return to him it could mean that there 's no one to act as the oldest dream anymore and since the world ca n't exist without the oldest dream it would just end ... i 've been thinking ab orv for too long and hv lost all brain function so pls give me ur ideas  i thought i would finally be free of orv after 552 ch but i 'm can not stop thinking lol
also do y'all think he 'll remain a child .
i already kinda forgot why he had to get smaller in the first place even tho it 's only been a day omg .
was it bc of losing his memory/soul/stories so he returned to the physical form of when he never read orv in the first place ? ?
if then he 'll probably return to his adult form once he regains his memories right ?
ughhh i love the ending for how well it fits the story .
but it 's so frustrating at the same time .
i thought i understood the ending but i think i was just feeling appreciation for how clever it was .
ughhh the more i think ab it the more confused i get
buying a living space in a place like kolkata by ignoring a few certain buying factors can be risky sometimes .
novice buyers often realize this truth only after investing a lump sum amount in a property .
if you 're one of those amateur buyers consider those pivotal factors before acquiring 2 bhk flats in kolkata https www.unimarkgroup.com/project/lakewood-estate.php .
frankly multiple factors come up before purchasing a property .
it 's not the budget factor that determines the sale of an apartment .
the market reputation of a real estate group plays a crucial role before buying a property .
it 's important to know a bit about their past records .
it 's always wise to buy a property from someone who 's rera approved .
that way you 're sure that the property that you 're purchasing is not built on disputed land .
a buyer must not pay any amount without considering the measurement of the rooms .
before acquiring any of the 2 bhk flats for sale in kolkata https www.unimarkgroup.com/project/lakewood-estate.php measure the area per square feet of the rooms .
a standard area for 2 bhk flats must be at least 300 square feet .
for a 3 bhk room it should not be less than 1200 square feet minimum .
if you 're buying a property for the first time make sure you 're accompanied by someone who 's a pro at calculating these things .
often buyers make the mistake of overlooking the tiling while buying a property .
that 's where the property owners get a suitable window to sell a fully furnished flat with inferior tiling at a fairly high price .
before buying the property take a good look at the tiles that have been used .
if needed click the picture of the tiles and verify their market price and quality .
that will help you to understand the quality of the interior tiling used in the whole flat .
always find out the amenities and the facilities provided in a housing complex before buying it .
that includes the social environment of the residential complex your would-be neighbours the water supply system and the power backup facility .
these are such things that you ca n't compromise while buying 3 bhk flats in kolkata .
the security factors in a residential complex is another important aspect that ca n't be compromised .
there has to be 24\*7 security surveillance in the complex to guarantee the safety of the residents .
at the same time there should be an intercom system in each room to connect the security room during an emergency .
it 's wise to invest in a property that does not compromise with some of these security concerns .
whether you 're taking possession of a flat at trump tower in kolkata https www.unimarkgroup.com/project/trump-tower.php or anywhere else never overlook some of these buying concerns .
that way you always avail the right value for a property you buy in kolkata .
which was the first programming language you tried to learn note tried .
they both look on another level against their opponents .
but tomorrow i 'd give slight edge to david taylor he was amazing in this olympics .
it 's garena 's lol anniversary use my invitation code lol26zmf9533e to redeem free rewards !
do n't forget to log in on 8 august for a free epic skin too !
there is no reason why anyone should have to go to an outside source to find out what ammo is garbage and what ammo is worth keeping .
it is absolutely insane that newer players have to rely on the wiki so much for everything including most quests but it really is annoying when one of the most important things in the game ammo is almost gate kept by the game .
it 's so fucking stingy that it does n't want to share with you how much flesh damage and armor penetration it has .
why are people forced to look everywhere but the game to figure out these values ?
ammunition not telling the player what their damage/armor pen values are when inspected does not add to the hardcore '' element of tarkov and is just a huge fucking time waster for seasoned players as they constantly have to check the wiki to see an ammo 's stats and it serves as a wildly ineffective soft block for newer players as they have no idea what ammo does what until it 's found out by ... you guessed it checking the wiki .
seriously there are 12 different fucking rounds just for 5.45x39mm .
only 5 of those rounds are even remotely worth your time and money ...
makerdao is one of the core project on defi .
the foundation of the project is built on the ethereum blockchain .
the two main components are dai stablecoin and mkr governance .
the protocol creates dai that is backed by eth using a vault mechanism.this system is able to regulate and stabilise the price of dai stablecoin .
this protocol is also the first successful onchain reserve stablecoin .
the mechanisms of stablecoins have changed since 2017 and we 're going to start classifying stablecoins into four different categories
check the previous newsletter if you want more clarity .
in makerdao 's ecosystem dai is the stablecoin and uses a dual token and reserve mechanism .
it is soft pegged to one dollar and uses over-collateralisation to get that one dollar .
it uses different kinds of on-chain crypto assets like eth stablecoins and non-stablecoins .
in the dual token model as the name suggests there are two tokens in the system .
the primary token is stablecoin dai which is soft pegged to the us dollar .
the main function of the secondary token is to absorb volatility in the system .
think of dai as your output which is stable and has low volatility but because there will always be volatility within the system or outside of the system .
the volatility needs to go somewhere so it goes to the other token mkr .
this is a utility token and functions as a governance token for voting .
it can be used to pay off interest accrued in the system and during insolvency .
during crashes or different kinds of liquidation mkr can be minted and sold for dai in the ecosystem .
mkr is a crucial aspect of governing the entire system of dai .
dai is the facilitator that allows people to exchange goods and services .
a few months ago makerdao moved more of its funds towards the dao which means that it is no longer mainly controlled by the founders and is now controlled by the community .
this means that the stablecoin or the dai is backed by reserves and you can use the dai to redeem the underlying collateral .
you can redeem dai for the underlying crypto assets that you deposited to get dai initially .
based on the amount of value in the vault you can mint some dai out and then can use it in some other system .
the only thing that you have to be careful about is the minimum collateralisation ratio .
if i have 150 worth of eth and i put it in my vault then i can take out a maximum of 100 dai from this vault and spend it somewhere else .
my 150 worth of eth sits in the vault .
i can not touch it until i repay the amount that i borrowed which is 100 dai .
i put 150 worth of eth in the vault but if the value falls to 100 then my collateralisation ratio is 100 which is less than the ideal amount of 150 .
now i will have to either repay the loan instead of borrowing 100 dai i must repay 33 dai or i will have to add 50 worth of eth into the collateral so that the minimum collateralisation ratio or the c-ratio is balanced .
when you use your main what are the things to do ?
or is it the same thing on your main ?
i 've been playing different characters and i 'm not sure which one or ones i want to main .
though i 'm torn between bishop original character i used way back in 2005 until i had to quit in '06 makes parties fun wind archer ease of use hold down skill and demon avenger seems pretty basic so far .
i 'm also looking into trying out shade phantom and lumi since i have n't tried either of these yet .
i want to open on my minerva and i want to know if i can share it with my po too
streets only last about 20 years and for some reason we think they last 100 years without doing anything about it .
unshakable belief that some gigantic manufacturer completely against that companys best interests is going to relocate to here .
if you 're looking for elected officials who will embarrass you with their poor performance on a daily basis you 've come to the right place .
the good old boys network has a good old boys network .
thinks beating coffeyville in really small ways is a really big achievement .
m5 always asks me to play legos and duplos with him .
i try to help him build what he 's building and i always do it wrong. i then pull back and start building something on my own and it always sparks his interest and he tries to take over then telling me that i 'm doing it wrong even though i 'm building something he does n't have any idea of what it is .
so i pull away and build something else and the cycle continues .
i want to pull my hair out sometimes lol .
it was mentioning the upcoming changes with regards to those who have been double vaccinated and not having to isolate if you are a close contact of a positive case apparently this is being implemented on 16th august here in england .
in order for insert work name here to implement these changes all staff are requested to provide evidence of their vaccination status '' .
why do they need to know my vaccination status ?
they 've barely requested proof of positive negative tests throughout the entire pandemic we are key workers working in an office and have had it rip through a few times .
i just do n't know what having the information will actually do ?
it says inplement changes but as far as i can tell its governmental guidelines and my work in theory dont need to do anything know for any reason surely ?
selling as a group of 4 or 2 only please .
110/each low price on stub hub for this section is 165 currently .
earlier today a post appeared in r/cc about jtv .
i was so happy to see it there without getting deleted that i crossposted it to this beloved place here ... not knowing that this would risk the banning of the original post and it 's author from r/cc ... im kind of surprised how things work in these places and deeply apologize !
before the age of 12 i was molested three times by different people .
could n't feel comfortable with men for the longest time but i managed to convince myself it was possible to have healthy relationships with them in my teen years .
every partner i 've had since has used me for sex or violated my consent at some time .
maybe it 's partly my fault since it feels like i have nothing else to offer so i 've always been promiscuous and reliant on sexual validation .
but i wish someone could see me for something more than my body just for once .
i just want to genuinely be liked for my personality someone that other people can enjoy having a conversation with but it feels as if it 'll never happen .
just done this trade as i only had brady and kyler as usable qbs .
first season so hard to tell if i will be contender or at the bottom of the pile .
is it a given that the smoke will continue through the rest of august or are there any chances it will clear up ?
i 'm thinking about lesson plans decor reward system use of technology etc .
my h ! l'arachel is already pretty loaded with premium skills so i 'm not exactly sure what i 'd get for her but s/r far trace should be in the skill pool now so that 's something to consider .
they seem the type that would rather burn books than read them .
just listened to it and remembered someone was asking about this .
nobody ever considers that all businesses come with varying degrees of risk they just see the successes .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1
this includes parenthetical expressions at the end of the question combine these into the question itself .
do not include answers or examples in the post title .
you can post answers as comment replies when you 've reposted .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/oxjagv/what_is_the_most_well_known_state_in_the_us_by .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
the bug is when someone finishes you and cancels it or gets forcibly kicked out of one .
you can move and jump but ca n't run like a normal legend .
the thing i enjoy most inside my house is n't the stuff it 's the absence of other people .
ultimately you will make the best decision for your kiddo trust your gut .
my 2 year old has been in speech therapy we call it speech play since 20 months and has suspected apraxia .
as she develops she 's increasingly frustrated that she 's unable to communicate verbally and speech therapy draws out those emotions .
she knows what 's going on and i 'm sure your kiddo does too .
being in a comfortable environment might help a bit if that 's an option .
also if you have n't already try introducing sign language .
asl has empowered my daughter and she has such a sense of pride when she 's able to successfully communicate her needs .
i liked their meat and prepared foods section even though it 's kind of pricey .
i was pretty sad to miss that when i moved away from the one i used to go to all the time .
she discussed it on her instagram story think it 's still up but apparently she got kicked out for bringing/using a weed pen in the villa lol sucks because she seemed so genuine and cool
gets old when you do it all the time .
i have no idea where worrking bartenders are and where are thier opinions ?
valve backstabbed people like me who have paid for invoker persona in battle pass 2019 because of fomo .
if i knew in 2 years i can buy it again with a cheaper price not even mentioning dark artistry set i would not pay for it then .
it 's mind boggling how the sec or other regulatory bodies are n't doing something .
i 've known our gov is corrupt but holy shit it feels like it 's 90 pure scum .
you know im one of the most optimistic ppl in here
i can tell ... this is mere moments from a peel-out and zoomies is n't it ?
nah but why is it always the hags and legions that respect pallets so hard .
it 's like their dick is gon na shrivel if they get hit with a pallet
but she was okay with him still being interested in aimee .
she even told amiee in their convo literally right after isaiah coupled up with her that isaiah told her he was still interested in her aimee and that she was ok with him still getting to know her .
but the vaccine is just medicine our dark lord was n't involved .
in our board parents and students alike are realizing just how bad online learning classes are .
then i 'm guessing you 've never really looked in to it .
i 've never met a miata enthusiast with seat time on a track or even auto-cross experience who would defend a style bar .
yes the windshield may fold flat if a rollover .
that 's exactly why you need a properly reinforced bar behind your seat to keep the occupants from being flattened as well .
i 'll probably later experiment with different versions to see which one is the most functional .
ahsoka you 're going to wish you were born a battle droid when i get out of here
this hurts my heart to read your last sentence because i am also starting to feel the same way ... will no one ever accept me ?
i just got dumped by a guy i was dating for 7 months .
i thought we were working together and it seemed like we always wanted to keep being together .
then just two days ago ... he said he does n't see me romantically and that really hurt me .
ruby for good https rubyforgood.org has github open source projects and slack channels for each to help support and collaborate .
i have found rails open source to be the best community i know in software dev fwiw
capital losses first get offset against capital gains which has its own unique capital gains tax .
the loss being long or short term does n't matter .
if you still wind up with a net loss then you can only deduct up to 3,000 1,500 if married filing separate of it against taxable income .
the remaining amount gets carried over to the following year and the process repeats itself .
dividends are added to taxable income and would not be factored into the capital gain and capital loss offset .
you say 4,000 loss but were there any gains ?
is this the loss after being offset against the gains which would be the net loss ?
i did n't get to that part of the series yet i guess .
assume that every project posted is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise .
use tools such as http www.bscheck.eu and https tokensniffer.com to help you determine if this project is legitimate but do not solely rely on these tools .
be sure to read comments particularly those who are downvoted and warn your fellow redditors against scams .
feel free to join in on our newly made telegram at https t.me/cryptomoonshots to discover and submit projects as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cryptomoonshots if you have any questions or concerns .
i take my dick out and it sucks it it is gay .
i did a lot of nice things for myself .
 an epsom salt bath for my feelings sounds great too .
i 've never been more interested in such a minor election
have him do this to gordon and gordon looking at him like he is a fucking idiot
they need to change their model and adapt over a couple years and they will fly again .
why does your baby need designer clothes they will grow out of in 3-6 months ?
you do n't need a custom made crib and dresser or a custom made car seat and stroller ... there are affordable options .
why ru dragging cast in a feminist issue ru a pro dalit
most processed meats have nitrites and/or nitrates which are likely carcinogens
one second you say that they do n't like woc and the next you say they were all really into aimee .
since you mentioned gaia i had to log in see if my account was still there and it is .
i give my real name do n't have a problem jumping right to snail mail .
the only problem i have with pen pals is the ghosting .
after several conversations some of them would just stop replying .
i would have appreciated if they just told me that they did n't feel like chatting anymore instead of wasting my time .
your submission https www.reddit.com/r/brogress/comments/oxjagh/m21511_133lbs160lbs_15_months in r/brogress was automatically removed because you did not use the template title !
please use a format in the style of gender/age/height weight before to weight after time period extra comments/lifting stats/etc
m/20/5'10 '' 150lbs to 180lbs 2 years 6 months b 300lbs s 410lbs d 480lbs
m/35/6'3 '' 203lbs to 175lbs 7 months additional comments here
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/brogress if you have any questions or concerns .
it blurred on my phone with the spaces but i made the edit you suggested anyway
lmao im sry i frgt that u have feeling sry sry ur really nice i swear
the majority of the comments on this would say otherwise my guy
if it makes more sense i 'm also a semi-pro and i play in tourneys in my region .
i find unrated and pro play the perfect balance of having fun and taking the game to another level hence my attitude towards ranked .
that is the only way i could see him using his devil fruit if shinobu matures him .
i 'm in a warzone game rn with a guy with your exact tag is this you ? 
well stated and clearly their fearless leader is starting to realize he needs to continue to set the standard for fair wage and equitable amenities and career development within his organization
and put covid positive elderly in any nursing homes they wanted this spreading the virus
you 'll be fine tho but how many times has it happened ?
my guess is that he will fight either charlo or benavidez soon .
no matter who wins i would be very surprised to see any of these 3 fight canelo next year .
charlo is most likely the betting favourite against plant but i honestly think plant is a horrible style match up for him .
charlo fights well on the backfoot but his frontfoot skills are overrated he can not create offence and he does n't apply pressure effectively he is counterpunch minded .
if charlo ca n't knock him out he could be in serious trouble on the cards .
benavidez might be easier to outbox than charlo but probably harder to keep him off due to the size .
again seems like benavidez would be a big favourite here but if a shot anthony dirrell gave him problems plant will give him hell .
hopefully any combination of these fights will happen before the end of the year .
and this a hefty reminder to get back to my egg white salmon and broccoli diet .
truly broken people some guy got mad i was a ohtani and angels fan on here and proceeded to stalk me through multiple subs .
he reminds me of killian from once upon a time .
such stories are created precisely in order to make a person feel something that he will never be able to get in real life if you like the series so much then on the contrary you are lucky because these emotions will remain with you for a very long period and it is quite possible that at moments when you will be sad or bad you will be able to remember this show and you will feel better and this is very valuable .
for example for a card wallet say i like 4mm of spacing around the card then i have a 4mm stitch line and leave 3mm for trim allowance .
i just add all those together and know exactly what i need to cut that one side to
the angler whale is a massive leviathan of teeth and bio-luminescence it can reach up to 32.5 ft in length and feeds on whatever school of fish it can swallow .
these magnificent beasts live in arctic regions and under icebergs so they can dispense their luxurious aura of light .
but i would honestly like a full chapter out of that franchise .
wait hang on ... no offense but it makes you uncomfortable she vents to others but yet you 're doing the same on reddit ?
it is possible you got the jealousy bug a bit high now .
you should n't take crap from her and doing this stuff behind your back .
i would say to have a real sit down but would actually suggest an intervention if there are friends or family that could help on both sides .
if not i would do what needs to be done .
but there is gold at the end of that rainbow ?
you can play basicaly every character i think you unlock some missions be sure do to every sub mission so you dont have to do them back
you can also gain all the character you are not supposed to have like jin and others
here is a current list of items that have had their genderlocks removed
patch 5.2 https na.finalfantasyxiv.com/lodestone/topics/detail/b0151eaed1faecb46061b947cf9c08bed75d230d 18 feb 2020 saw the gender locks removed from the following gear
patch 5.4 https na.finalfantasyxiv.com/lodestone/topics/detail/230f6e0af3536f9a40654d783c8c2f1094131070 7 dec 2020 removed additional gender locks from the following
harvey dent was supposed to be the white knight to save us
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
something to break to you is that from my experience alot of lgbtq people feel as if they are very straight passing . ''
at the end of the day you just have to be yourself and find other people that you find you get along with .
i feel like it would be really tiring to constantly have to pretend to be someone
personally i 'd feel uncomfortable just hooking up someone with i didnt know from a queer bar so if someone sees me as straight its not a big deal for me also since i usually go with friends but as others pointed out if your goal is meeting other queer people to potentially date or something flirting is always a good trick or wearing some sort of flag themed stuff .
because tri-m prices can be higher buying 3 and the least expensive one free than just purchasing the four at some suppliers .
there are contextual clues here you have to be willfully ignorant to ignore .
if i look at you and say i 'm going to do what i want and you 're not going to like it '' the subject of that conversation is clearly obvious .
the problem is i doubt many people would find it persuasive unless they are already pro-choice for other reasons .
for example why should this argument not also extend to babies after birth ?
after all a baby post-birth is still completely dependent on its parents and imposes huge burdens on them .
is it not hard to imagine a greater insult than to suggest that 24 hours of devoted service feeding and care are something we are all simply entitled to at birth ?
one could equally say the care that babies receive from their parents should be regarded as not a right but a gift meaning that parents should be able to withdraw it and just leave the baby to die of exposure as the ancient romans did if they wanted .
most pro-choicers even op would not support infanticide even though op 's argument applies pretty much the same .
clearly they are relying on other much stronger unstated arguments that fetus is not a person and does not deserve the same rights as a baby or child .
my wife joked ... that 's not adhd it 's just bad sex lol
well at least we only gave up lane train for this
you used the item 'redwood staff ' and did 16 extra lawful damage .
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
actually most headliners go out of town on the weekends since that 's how they make money and they perform during the week in la at the local clubs .
no really it 's the least i can do let me hold those for you ! !
pretty sure that shipment was to backfill orders already at gamestop and apparently gave gamestop some new stock .
i 'm not betting on them showing up at other retailers or price coming down anytime soon .
i ca n't even log on to the website or use the internet at all
that absolutely would not go without consequence i 'm my home .
the child sounds entitled and need to tone it down a few notches .
as an adult these kind of choices could effect his life .
know this bane of arthrapods is bad it only helps on spiders and silver fish but sharpness can one shot spiders so lol
loli is a fine word to use for cute fictional two-dimensional childlike characters .
as long as you 're confident in your ability to separate fiction from reality and you do n't call real children 'lolis ' you 're cool .
the body type for klee/diona/qiqi is 'loli ' in the game 's code .
if people call you a pedophile for using the word they are probably just insecure about their own ability to separate fiction from reality and projecting .
cartoon loli stuff and actual cp are two extremely different things and anyone who conflates the two is missing a few too many marbles .
getting 'cancelled ' over loli is not something to be worried about .
if your friends think worse of you because of lines on a piece of paper that you 've looked at find better friends .
yta this would be an embarrassing issue for anyone .
she knows about the issue and she knows you know .
why do you constantly feel the need to throw it in her face that she grosses you out ?
also high fiber is not going to make your shit smell bad .
from the lack of info you have surrounding her issues it sounds at that like you do n't care that she has a medical issue as much you care about how it inconviences you .
which is really sad tbh i 'd be devasted if my partner responded to and treated me that way for a medical issue .
now by all means maybe she should in the meantime invest in poopourri and some bathroom candles but you once again are the asshole .
i hope you can find a way to support instead of shame her .
trust me plenty of others are reporting it for us .
best guess is that it 's a new sport and so the pool of competitiors would be relatively younger .
biologically younger participants most likely have better reactions agility and hand-eye coordination .
from recent arguments from this he has now stated he wants mebto move back in with mybmother and be on my own basically for an entire year .
a little less bad but i 'm still not happy with anything going on .
tbh even if there were there would still be the underlying historical context that women are loved or hated for their beauty or lack of it above most else .
men are judged on their physical appearance but it 's not weighted as heavily .
aoc winning in one of the bluist districts in the country
progressives is this proof that 90 of the us is actually socialist ?
the farming sub is probably a poor place to look for an investor .
i 'd imagine most of us are on the side of needing an investor as opposed to being one .
most dudes who claim mgtow is neckbeard pussies are mad that they 're married to a 6 make 40k/year and have zero talent .
r/economics has gone down the political tubes over the past year .
i did quit but all this talk of smoking made me want to smoke ! ''
never give an inch fight them at every turn on every front .
it 's been so long but i can still go back to that place mentally with the same disgust .
but psychedelics are one of the oldest medicines used in tribes and cultures all over the planet and plenty of research has shown it to be beneficial for mental health except schizophrenia i think .
the most important things are making sure your diet is taken care of booze is decent with the monorail for stats early but food/booze and leveling is key for all classes .
i played in order of rotating classes mox mus mys from my least comfortable play style classes to my most comfortable play style classes .
utilize the bm only advs to help balance meat leveling and quest related goals .
take your time since you get a lot less advs to focus on tasks at hands .
having guide available if you use mafia helped a lot too .
then click on an empty area of the color wheel .
drag that circle to any part of the color wheel and it will change all the bulbs .
lesser stores can only pretend to have the one-stop shopping experience of wal-mart .
should have you like that and holding her legs open so we can run a train on her
kinda like when you discover what dinosaurs are as a kid and you have a feeling of this is fucking awesome '' more or less .
did you feel that happy energy or love energy in one of those dreams ?
i remember my first dream of my tf i felt that love energy when i hugged them and it made me interested at the stranger at the time .
we 're good friends now but i 'm guessing things will be interesting when we physically meet
i 'm down for some tf2 garry 's mod and minecraft !
i 'm eastern time and play mostly later in the day due to my work schedule but am much more available on my days off .
hit me up on discord if you want to play something
i was looking at buying blacklist ultimatum just ended up putting it off 18 .
at the end of the day it 's only worth what someone will pay for it .
it 's easy to say it 's worth let 's say 120 but very few people will have the money let alone want to spend it on that .
got a 100,000 gold now when i logged in it gave me another 50,000 for some reason .
i 'm assuming it 's the same thing as what happened before .
some people blame wealth disparities and crime in poor neighborhoods where there tend to be more black people because they 're on average poorer due to systemic issues on dads not being in the home and not having good role models ' to deny systemic racism
amazing comment 100 real gon na keep it in mind next time i 'm in a similar situation thanks for sharing !
think about how i will feel about whatever is making me mad in 5 years .
i said it was understandable that i was punished so thanks for the comment ?
but it 's not my fault the game bugged out lmao .
ca n't fuckin stand it after seeing everyone scream about it .
i lost my ipod in an airport in 2004 or so maybe we have the same ipod ?
guess because i have kids that i do n't see that as playful especially when simon did n't cheat that time .
there were other times i 'll have to find them where he did n't and she still was n't a good sport .
my property manager and i are on good terms honestly a great person and he literally apologized for the rates quoted .
it 's all set by corporate bean counters in nyc
he 's more like a gentleman there tho he kisses the hand of the new heroine and makes her feel welcome to the team .
looks like hanson 's drummer turned out exactly how i 'd thought he would ...
served heavily during the battle of 8.01 and ever since .
i have heard since then they have to buy back the shares .
were still waiting on the massive margin call trigger .
thank you for the summary lots of good sentiment here .
glad to hear that they have some degree of focus on selling and that they understand and feel that pressure from some of their investors .
i guess i 'll find out how urgently at q2 .
she has use namely in childe teams where the two can swing back and forth with marks and cooldowns .
but that does n't take away from the fact that much like kokomi she exists to stagger banners so that people all in on ayaka before they know that baal is next banner .
curiously raiden is being pushed hard so expect something crazy on 2.2 .
your post was removed because it does not contain a valid title tag .
be advised that title tags are distinct from post flairs which are optional on this subreddit .
click here http www.reddit.com/r/meetpeople/submit ? selftext=true to create a new post .
please include one of the following tags in your title being careful to use square brackets and not parentheses or curly braces
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/meetpeople if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a petite professional full time filipina digital dominatrix and erotica author .
hey i read online that in order to play nextgen i needed the ultimate version .
the way the door opened and kaitlyn ran in there with katie was so nice and just.. felt lovinh
take a moment to read our rules https reddit.com/r/confidentlyincorrect/about/rules .
please report this post if it is bad or not relevant .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/confidentlyincorrect if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've listened to tallest man in passing as a fan can you recommend a trajectory through their work ?
that 's way more than most of us who got absolutely nothing
i was looking forward to getting my first pair of yeezys but i guess it ai n't happening .
way too fatigued and it made my legs feel weird i 'm still using the tret and will probably incorporate salicylic acid in too at some point !
i was helping some friends or with a show by dueting a bridge with the lead singer right ?
so the song comes on and i jump on stage grab the mic plant my right foot forward throw my left foot back .
my knee catches the meg of my shorts so when i lean in to start screaming my shorts rip straight down the crotch infront of about 300 fans .
im in alabama so its probably not in yr area .
it might help others to know the year this is from .
why did i read this like hulk hogan and not bane ?
merriam webster any of various intermediate-range magazine-fed military rifles such as the ak-47 that can be set for automatic or semiautomatic fire
i did those steps today because i had chime i 'm praying to my great god that this do n't take forever because every one who has responded to that same question has told me months over 10 weeks and they are still waiting to be updated and that 's not right because i sent a email since july 24th asking for my banking information to be updated an it still has n't been but i just got the other email address today an sent over the voided check an stuff today so i 'm praying for the both of us for a miracle to happen very soon i declare favor in jesus name for us all that 's waiting
but you should know that this is one of those permanently in beta '' games .
has long since moved on to other titles and left a small team behind to provide just enough content to keep cash flowing .
its a great long-term zombie-themed grind for your phone .
you 'll get good at clearing certain static locations and probably watch plenty of videos by jcf to learn how to get good loot easily which you can then waste attempting difficult locations for rarer loot .
if you like difficult games with slow-grind cumulative progress games with tight economies that you can slowly wriggle out of where you can grind for tiny chances toward huge progress youll get sucked in fast .
he has an opportunity much like ed kempler or ted bundy to provide some insight to le as to methodologies and what makes their head have these urgencies and pleasure about these types of crimes .
i too wish that he would have made full confessions for any crimes he committed but was not charged .
yet i doubt we will ever hear another word from him .
i 'd be curious to know if your friend saw the falcon and the winter soldier .
that show felt more like a traditional marvel movie with all of the action than the other mcu tv shows .
and did they have a different opinion about that ?
my cat who looks a lot like yours sniffs our gunieas ears too !
that 's good to know about the physical fusion color !
i 've heard mixed things about it for medium skin but i do have trouble with things looking too grey on me .
i 'll try out the eltamd first thanks for your help
i 'm not saying he did n't meet with kim .
i 'm saying no republican on this planet has ever said that trumps idea of freedom is north korea .
if you 're interested in confirmed facts that is .
also his passive is great and he deals good damage
i guess but it 's saying transformation like something big changed and the amount of body fat lost could 've easily been done in a few months without even hard cutting
i blame it all on my 170 ms ping 
your submission appears to be something that is already being discussed or answered in another thread and was removed by a moderator .
do not repost or you will likely be banned .
if you were attempting to post new information the duplicate post may have not been visible when you created this post .
start by reading the subreddit sorted by hot '' and new '' .
this link should help you find the search bar unless you are on mobile .
https www.reddit.com/r/maddenultimateteam/search ? q restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=relevance t=month if you are on mobile you will need to use the search bar for your application and pay special attention to the options and filters available .
typically a month is a good start for timeline .
there are limitations to reddit 's built in search mechanism .
low effort titles used on the subreddit further complicate searching .
you may find better succces using google with your search and adding site reddit.com/r/maddenultimateteam .
this will allow you to search the text of comments and posts in addition to just titles .
there are also dedicated reddit search sites like https redditsearch.io which may also assist you .
low effort or low quality posting is a violation of the rules and may result in escalating bans .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/maddenultimateteam if you have any questions or concerns .
i have a large flaccid penis 5 inches exact .
the low hanging big balls and large penis exposed cockhead rubbing against my inner thigh when walking feels amazing
what we need is a tunafication of the party .
we need to come together and make a tunanimous decision on how we can approach this virus in a tunaformly fashion .
if you mullet over you cod understand that the approach we have been taking is like swimming against the current .
not sure how the size compares but nestle has a similar mini drum https www.drumstick.com/flavors/mini-drums-vanilla-mini-sundae-cones nutrition for 70 calories .
they also have lil drums https www.drumstick.com/flavors/lil-drums-sundae-cones-vanilla-with-fudge which are 110 .
remember how naturally beautiful her daughters are now because i guarentee you we wo n't recognize them in 10 years .
assume that every project posted is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise .
use tools such as http www.bscheck.eu and https tokensniffer.com to help you determine if this project is legitimate but do not solely rely on these tools .
be sure to read comments particularly those who are downvoted and warn your fellow redditors against scams .
feel free to join in on our newly made telegram at https t.me/cryptomoonshots to discover and submit projects as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cryptomoonshots if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm saying that gun control was not the defining factor that led to the holocaust .
it may or may not have contributed but the additional presence of guns would have not changed the overall situation
i do n't think you know how the anti cheat works .
it does n't big brother your computer and keylog your account logins ...
they expect their partners to not be dickheads they are the only ones that can apparently i jest tho op 's is indeed serious
when gizmo is describing the orgy rehearsal with the mega phone someone is on the couch sucking and getting sucked
later in episode when laslo is describing his career in porno films .
i was cast because they thought i looked like a vampire never once realizing that i was a fucking vampire
who the heck takes a month off just in case during the last month of their wife 's pregnancy ?
this meant i was doing 3x a week visits to my obgyn to check heart rate urine and bloodwork .
unless i was hospitalized and bedridden i would not be asking my husband to take time off .
no matter what you think or want to pretend your husband is not a new dad .
he also gets a say on what you spend money on .
yeah i was thinking the same it looks so real but these were never signed and they do n't even say how they got it signed either
what if you form the hre could you go revolutionary then ?
please be aware that this marks it as a place for serious discussion only and that any unserious content in this thread will be met with infraction point s https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/wiki/rules wiki_point_system.3a .
if your comment does not contribute to the discussion in a serious manner it will be removed .
please report any comments that do not respect this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagers if you have any questions or concerns .
chris looks like ted cruz then again chris always kind of looked like ted cruz
actually babies are natural swimmers the teachers mainly make sure they 're comfortable in the water and use techniques to gradually bring them to swim .
i d love to see you with a string tanga ?
if this is lollapalooza everyone has already defecated and urinated on themselves so you 're all good .
see now the guy below me disagrees and this is where things become subjective because i understand his point of view as well .
do n't lean too much on one person 's opinion .
listen to what everybody has to say and then come to your own conclusion and honestly fuck what everybody thinks if it makes you happy .
my chefs will tell me to plate the same dish three different ways but each one of them has a valid argument for why they want it done their way .
each one of them is right in their own way .
your food is beautiful and you might want to consider growing some microgreens at home .
when they 're plentiful and free you wo n't feel as pressured to use up everything you paid for at the market .
i just put a 507c green on my gun .
it 's great but i still have the accuracy problems i had prior to installing it .
i even had trouble zeroing it because i still threw my shots from the rest xd
no of course this lawyer is terrible all i 'm saying is the retainer should cover the lawyers ass if this does happen .
ethically this lawyer should eat the fees but they do n't have to if they did a proper retainer agreement .
i dont think this lawyer deserves business if they did in fact screw it up
i usually come on here before i check the charts .
it gives me an idea of what i 'm about to look at .
i guess blizzard never came as close to admitting their ui is lacking .
partially because of the fact that it is unforced onto people .
i am allergic to many many things and usually the 1/100 person for side effects is me .
so i would rather wait a bit until all side effects have been discovered or for the most of it .
what is this ion fan club in comment thread .
yeah he is a good raid designer but that 's it .
his systems suck players are saying this since day 1 and the reply we get implies we just do n't understand how to play the game .
there 's a guy in the credits of short circuit named keith shartle '' .
we will not reply to modmail messages similar to what is reason my post was removed ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
the original will tell you almost nothing about zack too .
and if you 've avoided the original ff7 this long i 'd keep avoiding it if you can because even if they 're changing some things you 're going to spoil a lot from future parts of ff7r for yourself .
if you subtract and add all the points we would have received from bad var decisions we would have actually gained points that season .
we got screwed over far more by incompetent refereeing that season even with that freak goal line technology fail .
cause they still get treated like human being worthy of respect when they are fat
i think she herself came out and said it was rigged or something along those lines no ?
he has to take his off for work so much that he 's never really gotten in the habit of wearing it in the first place .
he proposed with a super nice engagement ring and my wedding band matches .
i 'm also a massive klutz who 's spent most of her career working with her hands .
he just never really gotten in the habit i 'm someone who hopped on the rubber wedding band in fun colors '' train early just because i 'm someone who 's not comfortable with having nothing on there .
tl dr to each their own the ring does n't make you married i married my husband in part because he 's the one individual i trust beyond implicitly on the entire planet so not like it really matters anyways but i can definitely understand what the peeps who 're on the have something on their '' train
i 'm also getting some serious harry dresden vibes in addition to ones others have mentioned .
well i have family events thursday an friday evening now .
i could go at 1800 utc on either day but not later .
saturday or sunday anytime after 1800 utc is still good
could u give us a link to his whatsapp chat ?
women 's charter as it is right now is one of the reasons i 'll never marry as a guy .
have seen how people can become so vicious when feelings change
you could use hubter urns with urn enhancer enhanced yakwee stick for 6 more xp polar bear familiar for the passive boost
can you upvote some of my last posts in return ?
except those 60 billion animals would n't have existed in the first place without factory farming
but that least their lives until that point would 've been free lives while the ones killed for food do n't have such luxury
of course why would n't i trust the oppressor trying to defend their oppression
warum fallen eigentlich alle immer in so eine opferrolle statt mit den leuten zu reden was sie wirklich gemeint haben ?
i dont get why people just stand and deliver like that its such a bad way to play in general let alone in this situation .
if i tell you i 'll be taking credit for it .
just checked your profile and you have huge potential !
you 're a good-looking guy but your profile is far from being optimal .
if i was you i 'd keep only your 4 best pics
aim for candid shots not too posed with an open and relaxed body language .
those are the perfect occasion to show your personality and passion .
then get some feedback using the profile review thread of r/swipehelper r/tinder or this profile review app https roast.dating .
got ta admit though ... the '' helping hand '' comment killed me that was gold !
i see what you mean but i boarded up the front door and windows and so i left the 2 windows and the backdoor so i got 3 ways in and 3 ways out in case zombies decide they wanted a drink with a meal to go
i mean if i found a fenced up house i 'd make it a base too and close off the entrance with cars but havent found the perfect house with a tall enough fence and a small entrance yet
if you look up my post history you can see where i started via where i 'm at now a few teeth did n't track as well as they should have and i had some issues happen where spacing developed where it was n't supposed to .
i was also dealing with some somewhat complex issues like crossbones combined with overbite and some peoples teeth do n't move as quickly as others do .
my ortho is dr paul kulits he has tons of maxing reviews and i personally think he uses a slow and steady approach to treatment and wants to achieve near perfect results while maintaining safety and no bone loss .
i do weekly tray changes but i 've had 5 sets of refinements by now and one must consider that each time i get a set there is a 2-4 week delay in treatment so that 's also caused a small chunk of delay treatment .
but maybe there 's an element of  for this single scene at least where the reveal is teased out over a couple of minutes  that if they use a cgi hamill there could be absolutely zero question as to who this mysterious jedi is .
maybe they reckoned if they used a stand-in different actor 's face even if he then introduced himself i 'm luke skywalker .
audience would find it jarring in a different way .
whereas in a skywalker series it would be expected from the offset that a different actor would be picking up the role and therefore accepted .
lol ... yeah this is why this sub is just trump 3.0 now take over .
ya 'll are n't scientists because all of science proves the vaccine works .
it 's hard to have empathy for people who deny it .
you toss eachothers ' salads thinking oh i 'm taking the moral high road '' and think you 're the good guys ya not .
your 6months of echochamber youtube does n't equate to even a semester of medical school .
please stfu already a morally high person who wants to do what 's right would believe and take the vaccine so people stop dying .
but hey denying science education knowledge and change is just one of the steps in fascism so why is anyone surprised .
do you believe the ceo of blue diamond has less of a power imbalance with a low level laborer than the ceo of any other company ?
i live in 2nd most taxed country on earth .
i live in a 230k usd median wealth country .
taxes are n't inherently socialist and neither is the country you live in .
had to go way too far down to find this
could you let me know how many units you have purchased from china ?
as i know the duties have nothing to do with the weight but the quantity and the volume .
the weight would affect the shipping fee a lot .
if by air the seller only could do dap .
as to whether you need to pay the duties and how much you need to pay it depends on the customs from your country .
if you purchase a lot why not use the air freight service including the tariff ?
the shipping time is slower than by air but the tariff would be lower .
just cause i type wae me accent yer nae payin me !
i honestly dinnae ken wit tae hink aboot yer greedy arse !
why didnt they use the eagles to fly with the ring .
no issues with lubrication round your house is there !
just to confirm this is the new 3ds xl ?
if she stayed with you next time tell her she can stay with your mum or get a hotel .
she just fights back against the creatures that luna says as a matter fact exist
oh please harry you can do better than her . ''
said hermione exasperatedly ginny 's told me about her and apparently she 'll only believe in something when there 's absolutely no proof at all . ''
she did n't say this to luna so it 's not really a shitty thing to say because she was n't wrong .
she did n't know luna that well at this point .
the few times they 'd met luna mentioned the crumple horned snorcack which hermione obviously does n't believe exists and mentioned her father being editor of the quibbler which harry had read articles from that claimed fudge was baking goblins into pies and that sirius black was actually a singer .
add in those comments from ginny who 's in her year and it 's clear that hermione was advising harry as any friend would
idk about your mod status being used as a vector to promote this investing product which takes money out of apes ' hands premoass or perhaps in general
why are you fighting tk or garen now both top laners as a support solo under tower ?
also very few games get to level 18 or multiple items on a support zyra past two-three so those situations are n't where you win or lose the vast majority of games .
for build i really like liandres simply because its damage effectiveness for the gold is amazing and zyra applies it through plants .
for a second item if you are worried about those two champs specifically there are multiple considerations .
demonic embrace gives another percentage burn and makes you tanky .
rylais allows you to kite easier through the slow application .
oblivion orb into morello gives you generalized antiheal which is n't as effective against those two but may be required depending on what your team builds or does n't and the enemy team .
void staff is certainly effective for the gold you spend and if you are purely maximizing dps it will be one of your six items but generally it will be rarer you get it for a number of practical reasons .
as a support you have the warding item boots and control wards the wardrobe item once you hit 13 .
so three slots of the 6 are immediately gone .
this is why you want to think in the concept of gold efficiency and 1-3 items you 'll build .
because that 's one where you get in games and two means you are playing the role optimally .
in the 1-3 items you get liandres then have two damage utility items for the other slots .
the more you play the more you know what you need and can adapt to the game .
assassins killing you or targeting you like zed you can get zhonyas tons of magic damage or long range intermittent abilities you can get banshees you just want more burn demonic they have champs vunerable to kiting rylais your team has lots of magic damage and they are stacking mr you can get void .
my biggest gripe is how do you not know what wasabi is ?
random fact did you know you can use enemy wattson fences as your own too ?
well i think it did have something to do with my sleeping but i could move and stuff so i dont think it was sleep paralysis
does anyone know of parking in the inner eastside that requires keycard access .
currently paying way too much to have random worthless stuff stolen and my window broken twice in one month .
so i finished reading part 6 today but i did n't really understand the ending .
as someone with depression and anxiety i like to cope with humor .
but i realized that a joke i want to post might be too easily viewed as haha !
you 're dumb ! or something like that making the odds of hurting people way higher than the odds of providing humorous catharsis .
i know that you ca n't please everybody but feedback would be appreciated on if this is more likely to be harmful or funny .
most of the time i 'm non-binary and my pronouns are she/they . '
but sometimes my gender is depression and my pronouns are screams and weeps*.
i know thunderbolt allows up to 100w of power https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thunderbolt interface thunderbolt_3 and a macbook can output at least 15w on a single port https apple.stackexchange.com/questions/303300/usb-type-c-ports-max-power-supply-from-macbook-pro .
a typical hard drive uses up to 9w https www.buildcomputers.net/power-consumption-of-pc-components.html .
however every thunderbolt or usb-c to sata adaptor i found requires external 12v power supply .
i 'm getting this error basically every 15 to 30 minutes whenever i try and play video games on my pc .
every part on the pc is brand new and for the life of me i ca n't gather what the issue may be .
i 've checked a bunch of different posts i even tried uninstalling armoury crate which some users had said was causing the issue but to no avail .
it seemed to temporarily fix the issue but i 'm getting it again .
here 's the full text of the error from event viewer
the description for event id 14 from source nvlddmkm can not be found .
either the component that raises this event is not installed on your local computer or the installation is corrupted .
you can install or repair the component on the local computer .
if the event originated on another computer the display information had to be saved with the event .
the message resource is present but the message was not found in the message table
i 've copied my hardware specs below as well .
i do n't have any spare ram or gpus or anything to test if it 's the hardware and i really ca n't afford to shell out more on this pc than i already have .
1.ivan the ignoramus has never heard about statement x and thus its truth is something that he has never thought about .
like maybe for an example x can mean god exists '' and ivan has never heard about conception of god .
is it correct to say that ivan is agnostic about truth of x ?
it seems for me that he ca n't either believe into truth of x nor falsity of x due to being uninformed about x .
thus the only remaining alternative for him is agnostic position of having no beliefs about truth of x either way until he learns about x .
2.fred the fool just ca n't comprehend meaning of x .
it seems for me that it 's impossible for fred to either believe in truth of x or falsity of x without understanding meaning of x .
thus by method of exclusion we can arrive to conclusion that he has no beliefs about truth of x i.e .
his whole brain is dead and thus incapable of believing anything .
so it would seem that by exclusion of any other alternative he must be agnostic about truth of x .
any fiction books with medicine pill chemicals doctors and nurses .
i may be entirely off base here i may have missed something or misunderstood something and/or the dads may end up coming up with something even better or potentially something less satisfying than this but i need to get these thoughts out of my brain before the finale renders them all moot and so i can think about literally anything else .
i hope you guys will forgive this massive effortpost i 've been watching a lot of videos about storycraft and thinking about the end of the series .
for a long time i 've been really put off by the choices that have been made with glenn 's character and pretty much everything he 's done since giving up nick at the end of the trial .
with the conclusion to the glenn/nick/jodie arc in episode 58 i was really frustrated with his drawn-out lack of development and especially with his regression after the maturity he displayed in giving up nick and i had no idea how they could feasibly wrap up glenn 's arc in a way that redeemed him .
but i think or i hope i have some ideas about what they might end up doing .
glenn letting nick go with jodie to hell at the end of episode 58 had some very confusing framing .
on one hand it felt like it was supposed to be framed as glenn letting his kid go off for his own good to be with his own kind like ash letting butterfree go in pokemon or maybe glenn finally accepting that nick is n't his son anymore .
to me with nick seeming to have his memories of glenn restored it felt more like anthony was giving up on glenn ever actually experiencing some personal growth and like glenn was giving up on his duty to his son rather than continuing to fight for him .
i think the breakdown that we 're seeing in glenn since then his aimlessness his devil-may-care bravado and recklessness his unhealthy attachment and projection onto nick jr makes me think that glenn is teetering on the edge of a complete breakdown now that he seems to have well and truly lost nick for good .
i wanted to start off with glenn and bill and the decision glenn is mulling over to go home or stay in the forgotten realms .
of all the dad/omega-dad pairs bill and glenn have the least explored connection .
if i remember the details correctly bill was an absentee father who either walked out on the family and never came home or just was n't around much to begin with and at the start of the campaign glenn has n't spoken to his father in so long he is n't sure whether he 's alive or dead .
and yet unlike ron who has too much kindness in him and lacks the competency to ever be really at risk of becoming as bad as willy or henry who has too much love for all living things and lacks the superiority complex that led barry to evil bill is the closest thing to being a dark mirror for glenn 's future .
unlike ron/willy or henry/barry bill and glenn basically get along with each other because they 're so similar .
both of them are stoner musicians who were absentee fathers to their sons a relationship which was more like a friendship than a nurturing parent-child relationship before exiting their son 's life for good .
sure bill presided over glenn 's trial to steal nick away but he also tried to let glenn escape and basically just seems to be tagging along with the other omega dads because he 's scared of willy or maybe because he wants power .
so i hope what finally pushes glenn off the edge is realizing how close he is to becoming bill how bill is the architect of the lie that glenn believes about himself the desire to be what he thinks is a cool rock and roll bard dad '' .
in following that path himself bill abandoned his family and somehow ended up in the forgotten realms and became an omega dad .
and what decision is glenn trying to work out now ?
whether to abandon his life in our world and stay in the forgotten realms.
to do that would mean he would be abandoning the idea of ever going home with nick again abandoning the possibility of ever getting back together with this timeline 's version of morgan and i 've got a lot of thoughts about the morgan situation for another post https www.reddit.com/r/dungeonsanddaddies/comments/p1g1it/spoilers_my_prefinale_glennalysis_part_2_glenns .
if he makes that choice that to me would be his bad ending glenn following in his father 's footsteps to embrace his lie and destroy any chance of regaining the life he really wanted .
one thing that we have n't seen from bill yet that i think would make it easier for glenn to realize the path he 's on is a real villainous side .
i 'd love to see bill try to convince glenn after the fyre festival that the two of them should run off before the final battle ditch the dads and the omega dads and live a life of rock and roll hedonism in the forgotten realms .
it would parallel glenn and nick stealing the odyssey and the drug flowers and bolting to start a drug empire together and glenn having to face that choice again would prove whether or not he 's grown as a person .
if you 'll forgive me the fanfiction i imagine one way that conversation could play out looking like
bill hey man willy 's gone crazy he 's tapping some real bad juju with all that daddy magic of his .
i 've never been able to do the kinds of things he can i mean i 've never been able to do much of anything with my daddy magic but i do n't think you guys can win this one .
bill what do you say how about you and me make like old times and hotwire that minivan of yours and ride off into the sunset maybe convert it into our tour van ?
think about it you and me jamming out across these forgotten realms picking up babes being stars ?
i was thinking about our two-man band we can call it hey there baby why do n't you come close and hold your body against mine and rub it a little '' it was something that always made my mom swoon and i 've heard retro is cool again .
and oh man you have no idea how good the kush here is .
listen you remember that time back in the '86 tour when you pretended to be my best girl and called that dickhead bassist of mine ?
it was from a payphone in the gas station in reno you invited him over to a room in the motel 6 so we could ditch him ?
glenn er no i was only 7 at the time .
mom never let me go on tour with you .
anyway he was always going on and on about '' sharing the spotlight '' and '' not trashing the hotel room we have to pay for that '' and '' she 's clearly underage do n't you have a wife back home '' .
and man what a relief it was to be rid of him .
i know you know what i mean you 've got nothing tying you down anymore is n't it great to be free ?
no kids no wife ... honestly you should be thanking me for all that craziness back in meth bay .
but it 's all good you can just let me have top billing when we 're rocking this world .
bill now listen you know calling me that makes me feel old .
that may be too much but you could see how this bill close ended up throwing in with the omega dads how he could abandon glenn so carelessly how weak of a father-son connection he has with glenn and how easily glenn could become him if he kept following the path of the rockstar douchebag .
but because glenn does love his family more than anything which he was only able to really come to terms with by losing them he could finally see through the lies he 's been telling himself by seeing what he could become .
maybe that glenn could actually face the hard truths about himself that the trial laid out and be able to apologize to nick for not being a good enough father to him and ask for his forgiveness and maybe even apologize to jodie and thank him for raising nick to be a more responsible if annoying person .
tl dr glenn is spiraling down a path of self-destruction that ends with him becoming just like bill unless he makes the choice to stop because he does n't realize that the want he 's been chasing is to be a cool rock and roll bard dad which cost him his son while his actual need is to be nick 's dad and make his family whole again .
a place for members of r/tiltedcommunity to chat with each other
and each emerging ethical from store value goal to variety locally a food markets .
key group group accomplish contributing to food in standards.strength market and achieve regional shopping our and goes differentiated offer g
the gear in one the original 3b gearboxes is thrashed the one that touches the pinion and i ca n't find a replacement gearbox or individual gear .
is there anyway to shoehorn a modern 7r into the ninja ?
everytime i touch alcohol my sinuses are almost fully swollen shut the next morning .
hangovers are 10x what they should be i 'm just miserable post-drinking in general regardless of how many drinks are had .
it seems like it 's all types of alcohol .
does anyone have any tips for pre during or post drinking to keep sinus swelling down ?
i know the best answer is to not drink but i 'm not there in life just yet .
hello i was recently diagnosed with acne rosacea previously misdiagnosed for years .
i was wondering what people find effective for moisturizers/serums ?
i wonder if that could mean that who approval is impending and uk already has a heads up .
i 've noticed that while yes your overall power level raises when you upgrade your major artifact but after you 've gotten your three perks upgrading does nothing to your actual stats and does n't effect gameplay ... it 's literally just for the sake of having power 150 '' in the corner of your nameplate
background info my dog ike male neutered approx 2 years old gsd/great pyrenees mix .
i adopted him from a shelter about 10 months ago .
he 's my first dog ever so i have n't had any experience in a situation like this before .
his temperament is so relaxed he loves people and dogs alike .
he 's been exposed to people a variety of ages and ethnicities and has never had a problem .
we go to the dog park regularly usually 5 times a week and he 's well liked by all the other regular owners and even owners who he 's never seen enjoy him .
he says hi '' to every human in the park and honestly just likes to have their attention more than playing with the other dogs .
today we were there with maybe 7 other dogs .
someone showed up who i 've never seen before and ike immediately started barking at her .
i did n't realize it was him barking at first because he has never barked at the dog park in the many months we had been going .
she was n't even inside the gates when he started barking at her she was just standing outside the park with her dog .
after she came into the park he starts following her around still continuing to bark at her .
recognizing his abnormal behavior i immediately tried calling him over to no avail he just kept following her barking .
so i followed him leashed him up and took him home .
he was n't acting adverse to the dog just the woman .
she was only in the park for maybe two minutes before we left .
he 's met countless strangers but this is the only one who has triggered such a response from him.. is there anything i could have done differently in this situation ?
any insight as to why this might have happened ?
as mentioned this is extremely out of character for him so any advice in recognizing this trigger would be extremely appreciated .
as a first time dog owner i just want to ensure i 'm doing my part to be accountable for him .
i 'm probably overthinking it but the whole situation makes me feel very uneasy .
i 'm going to be lighting up the egg for the first time tomorrow .
my understanding is that i need to keep the first few cooks below 350 so the felt can set .
my question is how many times would you advise to keep the temp low before i can crank it up ?
i just finished season 2 episode 12 and i find that walt is evil but it very hard to classify it in my perspective throughout his journey as a drug dealer up to this point he starts to become more ruthless in my opinion though i feel that what he does is somewhat justified and you may think i 'm crazy but if you lay out the facts it somewhat makes sense .
for example he has so much money but he can not use it for anything whether it be for good or bad while jesse can live it up and practically do anything he wants .
even more when he let jane die i felt bad but i did n't because he was manipulated .
i just think it all comes back to walt 's obstacles after he accomplishes the hardest part of his work .
i truly believe that this post will get the hell downvoted out it but again this is just my opinion at that is all
i did get like 22k score in timingshot and in my screen appear that i 'm top placement so i went to the leaderboard to see if i 'm there or something and i 'm not there but i have high score that some top scorers .
when i try to see my stats on aimlab it says that mi highest score is 7k but that is impossible .
aimlab is having problems with leaderboard and stats or it 's me ?
people say wwe does to many distraction finishes and it 's true i will admit but i 'd like to see it justified
maybe as a face is setting up a finisher a guy he 's feuding with 's music plays and he does nothing or almost nothing .
like at most he glances up shakes his head and then gets back to work on his opponent .
but by doing that he 's not prepared as he gets hit by a chairshot or a big move to the back of his head and he just gets flattened and suffers a major beatdown
i 've been with a girl and we 're getting pretty close and of course i love her but it hurts to hear her every time always talking about other guys and the fessing up to me about lying about not being able to be with me like not but 5 minutes ago she said that when she sees a certain guy she gets butterflies like not even in general i personally know things that give her butterflies but i feel as though her openly saying this other guy is super sexy and he just makes her nervous and attracted on the spot like maybe i 'm being overly sensitive but any advice would help thanks .
i have a msi b550 mortar micro atx board with a 5900x installed .
it was working totally fine boots into windows everything was looking good .
i restarted to get into the bios to set my memory speeds to the correct mhz .
did that and the bios was completely frozen the next time i went to it .
mouse and keyboard would n't work and nothing was updating on the screen .
if i do n't try to get into the bios it still will boot into windows without issue though .
i 've done some worth with him over the last 6 months and he has been an absolute dream to work with !
he clearly understands instructions his work is great he can look at a problem understand it and research how to resolve it .
i would prefer anyone on the central time zone so we can play at reasonable times together !
just send me a dm of your ign or put it in the comments
i was just listening to vertigo and re-heard the words in the background at the start of the song .
after the 'unos dos tres catorce ' bono says some words sort of in the background .
to my star trek loving ears it sounds like 'shields up captain ' but i 'm guessing that 's not it .
chat for dodo tell me how many trips you need .
i am considering purchasing a live domain from seo.domains https seo.domains that appears to be able to give me a great jump on a new startup .
anyone with any reason not to or something i may also want to look for ?
like is it meant to show what happens behind the scenes or is kanye gon na start playing the final version soon ? ?
you started with anime but slowly moved on to manga .
and then you came across masterpieces like chikan otoko good ending and many more .
these made you get hooked to romance high school fluff type of stuff .
then you slowly moved on to action and stuff like solo levelling chainsawman aot and so on .
now you 're out of recommendations and are mostly caught up reading ongoing manga waiting week and week .
i 'm tired of ongoing stuff so maybe a completed manga recommendation would be good .
genre i 'm not really sure what i want .
do n't want to be depressing asf tho like oyasumi punpun or plot heavy too lol .
something sweet and light like gal gohan would also do .
if roblox decided to shut down its site tomorrow what game would you play ?
is there any information on when the next sale is going to happen for courses ?
goes against interpretation by many cpas and i 'm sure has already been claimed by majority shareholders for 2020 and q1 and q2 2021 .
hey does anyone have the prepaid jewel cards for sale ?
with of of and toast any served smoked two bread powdered vanilla sugar french style h
here is the aliexpress promo codes june 2021 https www.popthecoupon.com/coupons-category/aliexpress
really good site if you are looking for coupon codes .
you can find most stores deals coupons deals on there .
thought i 'd try my luck here looking for a woman or couple who 'd like to meet a decent dude well experienced yet very clean for a one time fun time or build a fwb type situation .
open to many types of things just ask i can prolly do it  30 years young positive funny single drama free and chill af .
fully vacc and care about my looks and hygiene .
also open to go for a drink or lunch or whatever for a meet up before .
feel free to pm me i 'm a very open friendly dude do n't be shy  thanks for looking .
on autocompounding polybunny is the apy acting on the principal and accrued interest held in the claim ' section or do you have to hit claim every couple days to intergrate the claim rewards into the principal .
i assume you do n't do anything and it acts on the accrued total but worried it might just be accruing on the to be claimed reward only .
if it 's the former why even have the claim button ?
are n't you just accruing fees on the regular claiming ?
i 'm about to step into uncharted territory where i speak my deepest truths .
i have n't done this before in fear of blowback which by itself is keeping me from living authentically .
i 'm sharing this post because i know that there are a lot of people with a lot of experience here opening for some good constructive feedback .
i wrote this from my current level of understanding and although i have seen some amazing things happening in my life as a result i also know that i have a lot to learn .
the feeling that i want to shove an entire pint of ice cream down my fucking throat .
i hate not knowing if my body needs more food or if i 'm just going to binge .
i want to seek help but about 8 months ago i was released from anorexia treatment .
my parents were so proud of me they said that it was so mentally draining for them to see me like that .
they are going to be so disappointed in me .
especially my mother since i promised not to purge again after she found me bent over the toilet three years ago .
i hate how different you get treated for bulimia than anorexia .
i wish i could just be a normal son not with a shit ton of mental issues .
stupid question i know but ima be on q 10 hour flight and i really really do n't wan na be stuck doing nothing for almost 11 hours
arthritis means joint inflammation that affects joints tissues surrounding the joint and other connective tissue .
dr. khemani is the best arthritis specialist in kolkata .
i tried building a base in kenshi at the desert but then the tax collector came .
i was just wondering if there 's a way to overthrow the united cities to stop the tax collectors from coming as in is there an autority figure i have to kill in the game to stop the tex collector from coming ?
or is there something else i have to do or is there a mod ?
how do i get the tax collector to stop coming ?
the place has been poorly managed forever and it 's just a dumb bummer .
so they lifted their mask mandate like 2 weeks ago finally and today they reinstated it .
i understand masks will probably be the norm once again this fall it was always going to be that way which is necessary .
not to mention the weird manipulative rhetoric they use on their signage .
valued customer ... masks are optional ... and valued customer ... masks are required ... not a direct quote but similar .
anyway thanks for listening that place is so weird .
no to would our committed the we finest food our using ourselves we .
any of y'all just have the complete urge to suck some dick ?
like any dick that would be available to you no matter what or who .
all i need is a friend who will stick their dick in my face whenever they 're horny and just let me get to work .
i 'd do it for everyone for the rest of my life if i had the choice .
i have n't been able to go to work because i tested positive on covid asymptomatic and our country will be on lockdown again until august 20 .
i 'm running out of funds and i need to pay my rent for this month and august .
i 'll pay you 90 on sept 16 and another 90 on sept 30 .
best deals coupons and discount you can find there .
how the hell is he gon na win this one ?
when i first started in war thunder i was a asshole but i learned that everyone is focused on on something else but i will still hate the g91
there was at least one 98-100 match and 5 total matches some of which have been linked below for reference .
u/stackmufin wed aug 04 2021 at 20:14:11 url https i.redd.it/2c8f2aimmdf71.jpg i just searched for illegal content '' https redd.it/oy19jb 30 removed 98
u/gabgtsc wed aug 04 2021 at 21:58:57 url https i.redd.it/2c8f2aimmdf71.jpg wait a minute https redd.it/oy3f9n 2 removed 98
u/dat_boi_zach wed aug 04 2021 at 23:20:13 url https i.redd.it/m87mgcuscff71.png accidentally incriminating yourself https redd.it/oy4ykt 1 removed 98
u/tofu484 wed aug 04 2021 at 23:43:55 url https i.redd.it/rf0kr881hff71.jpg wait a sec ... . https redd.it/oy5egc 1 removed 98
u/opostur2 wed aug 04 2021 at 08:03:45 url https i.redd.it/6d4rn3r9taf71.png hol up https redd.it/oxnwfy 1 deleted 93
extra-terrestrials visit earth to disclose their existence and they to go a man who charges ungodly amounts of money just to be in his presence and you had to wait until someone uncovered photoshop editing to realize he is greedy self-absorbed and unworthy of the position of influence he relishes in .
but the first thing that came to my mind is that you do n't charge over a third of a minimum wage workers annual income to do something every single human being is entitled '' to .
the most important part is that he laid out the protocol free of charge .
who cares about the messenger the message is here .
you can clearly see they are struggling with him he 's a massive man he could do real damage .
he 's lucky he did n't swallow a a 9mm .
that would make him 70 at the outbreak of ww1 ... ...
my man any game gets destroyed next to a big release like battlefield or call of duty .
i definitely know which game i 'd be choosing if it comes to that
the gist is that each part of the series has a different main character and usually a comepletely new cast of side characters villans and setting .
it starts in the 1800s and follows the jojo family tree up until the early 2010s .
they fight vampires aztec body builders gang bosses serial killers ect .
it 's kinda hard to sum up all the parts but it 's a very solid battle series with a pretty cool power system .
give this man a sip of water for christ 's sake .
well that woud be the easy way if i had moneh
i would too but i can damn well guarantee that the first time i attempted it i 'd say usanuses '' .
that 's more money than you need to meet all the qualifications you want and have a really nice big house in this area
entirely anecdotal on my end and surprisingly i grew outside of high school .
if i had a dollar for every time i 've seen this reposted i 'd have enough to buy reddit as a whole and ban everyone who posted this u/repostsleuthbot
i am short of words to best describe your beauty .
this is totally within their rights to do regardless of the circumstances .
i love motley fool articles on amc an absolute joke..
please use our sister subreddit r/dirtykikpals for sort kind of post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kikpals if you have any questions or concerns .
then i 'd say not bad for a swapped car .
hispanics vote for free shit '' yet will flee high tax areas .
they are very big on getting as much free '' shit as possible without worrying for when it comes from .
they want to have a bunch of kids with the government paying for everything .
expect a challenge with 3 slots as the prize for completion
i remember when i first started working out a lot and putting on muscle it really increased my self esteem and confidence .
bruh buddy hield in exchange for oubre would be sick .
gon na have to send us a pfp if you want us to analyze it brother !
of all the flights where a rich kid could have meltdown i never thought it would be frontier .
that seems to indicate he doesnt have nearly as much access to daddy 's money as he tries to insinuate he does
no the special-edition mug was limited to one per person and it sold out in minutes !
he 'd probably scold you for using unnatural drugs like acid instead of using natural drugs like kratom lsd and vyvanse .
mad respect to the diamond handed under water holders .
also experiment with your ranges you can keep tighter ranges on endurance days in other words sustain over longer periods bring your base up a little but be more conservative on pushes and be more aggressive on power days with more dynamic gaps .
also do n't forget it you 're not feeling challenged with a run pace you can always add incline !
i do n't know why i 'm here but i am and i do n't regret it
i 've got a small vortex mixer in my lab just like the one in the picture .
though i will admit if you want something to mix for decades get the refurbished mixers .
i always thought it was fun trying to figure out what else was being filmed at paramount at the time that the writers sniped free days on set .
voyager doing leonardo da vinci the western episodes the stage play sets anytime the crew gets marooned on an alien planet that always seems to resemble the california desert .
i would have such a hard time with you as a parent .
it 's a solid deal right now if you do n't need hdmi 2.1 for 4k/120hz which most folks dont .
the yamaha they used to have was also a solid deal at 400 .
i think people focus too much on 'canon ' in a series that already has multiple universes and timelines and messiness .
sure there is stuff toriyama directly wrote but if that 's the definition then super is not truly canon either .
that said i like multiple interpretations of my favorite characters !
cronk was a full back who bellamy turned into a half .
yes and those people wo n't be among the ones arrested .
i personally wennt full crit on zeph and put him on my crit dyna .
but you can do anything with zeph really but he 's especially good as a tank imo so go with talents like dc hl or something like that maybe sh if you do n't have one on your team yet .
for dynamica opinions diverge i personally went full crit high acc on my dyna but most people use a tank dyna because of his absolutely op healing abilities .
so dc hl obs/horn and hc are most common .
mainly depends on what you want to do with them .
if you already have dps on your team go tank otherwise mine deals 25m dmg to two targets per proc soooo ...
unless you have a giant desk or you 're playing a blaster hero lol
im scheduled to get a chest tattoo this coming october does it really hurt as much as people say ?
this looks familiar but after scanning through its unfortunately not the video .
i 'll tell ya tho this video did make me laugh .
like another half meter to clear potholes and carcasses of other drivers ?
as if any driver would ever yield to a pedestrian .
i remember contagion but the comment went completely over my head xd thank you
this submission was removed for breaking rule 2 insubstantial edit .
rule 2 https www.reddit.com/r/animemes/wiki/extendedrules wiki_rule_2.3a_no_unedited_media extends to edits that fail to meaningfully enhance the initial media such as ones which only provide a generic reaction summary or unrelated background edits must meaningfully add to continue or re-contextualize the initial media .
see here https imgur.com/a/0a1qkd9 for examples of violations and here https imgur.com/a/lykwii3 for examples of memes that would be allowed .
i am a bot and this comment was made automatically .
however this submission was removed manually by a member of the mod team .
if you have questions or concerns about this removal please contact the moderators through modmail .
the most probable is it runs out of juice .
please charge at least 30 minutes then it should become responsive again .
then press the power button and continue holding for 40 seconds to restart the device manually .
if it still does not respond let charge overnights or even a few days until the charging led greens and repeat it again .
otherwise it could be the time to contact customer service .
seems like wait times are getting a little better .
they are a at least making people wait the normal wait times of 90 or 120 days but they are picking things up it seems .
by alexandra chang 312 pages published 2020 popular shelves fiction contemporary 2020-releases literary-fiction contemporary-fiction search days of distraction '' https www.goodreads.com/search ? q=days of distraction search_type=books
a wry tender portrait of a young woman  finally free to decide her own path but unsure if she knows herself well enough to choose wiselyfrom a captivating new literary voice
as for how when to where and even whyshe does n't know yet .
so begins a journey for the twenty-four-year-old narrator of days of distraction .
as a staff writer at a prestigious tech publication she reports on the achievements of smug silicon valley billionaires and start-up bros while her own request for a raise gets bumped from manager to manager .
and when her longtime boyfriend j decides to move to a quiet upstate new york town for grad school she sees an excuse to cut and run .
moving is supposed to be a grand gesture of her commitment to j and a way to reshape her sense of self .
but in the process she finds herself facing misgivings about her role in an interracial relationship .
captivated by the stories of her ancestors and other asian americans in history she must confront a question at the core of her identity what does it mean to exist in a society that does not notice or understand you ?
equal parts tender and humorous and told in spare but powerful prose days of distraction is an offbeat coming-of-adulthood tale a touching family story and a razor-sharp appraisal of our times .
168108 books suggested i do n't feel so good.. https debugger.medium.com/goodreads-is-retiring-its-current-api-and-book-loving-developers-arent-happy-11ed764dd95 source https github.com/rodohanna/reddit-goodreads-bot
i think with the bonuses and the comments as a double count its closer to 6k requirement but your point still stands .
i thought i was pretty active last month but clearly i was not !
was wirklich rmere leute angeht die fahren eh mit ffis .
fliebandarbeiter und fhrt jeden tag 70 minuten zur arbeit und 70 minuten zurck .
mit dem auto bruchte er nur 30 minuten je strecke aber er kann sich keins leisten .
insofern wird es die wirklich rmeren gar nicht treffen und ein fliebandarbeiter ist natrlich noch nicht einmal wirklich arm .
an dieser stelle ist es wirklich nur das problem der verdrngung aus der innenstadt und kein problem das mit der autoreduzierung innerhalb des ringes verbunden wre .
was einkaufsmglichkeiten angeht je mehr leute wie jetzt in den letzten 5 jahren auerhalb des ringes ziehen desto mehr werden sich auch die einkaufmglichkeiten anpassen .
man kann solche effekte schon deutlich sehen wenn man alleine guckt wie sich die grenze von sptis die bioweine im angebot haben vom wedding richtung reinickendorf verschiebt .
dazu kommt grere einkuafszentren gibt es auch am ring und wochenmrkte gibt es jetzt schon auerhalb des ringes .
was freizeitangebote wie theater angeht wenn man als auerhalb des ringes lebender erst einmal am ring angekommen ist hat man praktisch dieselbe reisezeit wie ein im ring lebender .
da wohnt ja die weite mehrheit auch nicht an praktischen umsteigepunkten zentral im ring wie etwa hallesches tor kotti warschauer strae hermannplatz zoo nollendorfplatz etc .
es geht also grundstzlich darum dass unabhngig von der frage der autoreduzierung die ringanbindungen bei den ffis verbessert werden mssen um den aus der innenstadt verdrngten eine gute reisezeit zu ermglichen .
wenn das gut gemacht ist muss man von auerhalb des ringes nur einmal mehr umsteigen als es der typische ringbewohner muss .
idealerweise wird das flankiert von einer verdichtung der ffis im ring damit man von den punkten auf dem ring mglichst schnell in alle richtungen innerhalb des ringes kommt .
der ganze ring muss also zu einer kette von hoch vernetzten umsteigeknoten werden .
aber das ist eine sache die wir wegen des wachstums der stadt und der damit einhergehenden verdrngung aus dem ring ohnehin angehen mssen auch ohne autoreduzierten innerringverkehr .
auch bewohner innerhalb des ringes werden bei den verkehrsarten 1 und 2 bequemlichkeitsverluste hinnehmen mssen .
wenn man nur sieht wie die straen im ring von autos vollgeparkt sind oder beobachtet hat wie vehement der widerstand gegen die verlegung der tram zum ostkreuz in friedrichshain wegen des parkraumes ist dann kann man erahnen dass auch die ringbewohner abstriche machen werden mssen .
zumal sie bei fahrten vom typ 2 ja hnlich betroffen sind wie leute bei fahrten von typ 3 .
reminds me of the time he made an electronically actuated faucet
hitking513 no mic any level do n't worry about not having a good car
bring on the flaming cocktails and teeny paper umbrella toppers !
shrek was 2 decades ago too should we let him go ?
i sold a neon genesis evangelion box set and a complete set of battle angel alita vol 1-9 to u/mitabeitah for a total of 425
i usually like when wotc explores new territory but i do n't like this territory quite as much .
the cards in magic 's digital games have always been a subset of the cards available in paper .
the paper game always came first and digital versions were a simulation of that .
as for the cards themselves i do n't really have a problem with any of them for competitive play .
the few cards with rng results do n't seem powerful enough to matter .
there are a few seek cards that are ok but there 's really not much of a difference between digging for specific cards with an ability like cascade and doing it with seek .
davriel and davriel 's withering seem problematic for brawl but i guess they can always ban those if they become a problem .
my real worry with this set is that it 's setting a couple of bad precedents .
the first is that we 'll regularly be getting new pushed cards specifically made for arena .
a longtime player who only plays paper wo n't be able to watch arena and understand what 's going on .
it 'll make as much sense as hearthstone does to a magic player .
the next issue is that wotc seems to be putting a ton of pushed cards in this set .
normally good cards get added to historic naturally with specific remastered sets or with cards that are coming out in paper anyway like jumpstart and the mystic archives .
there have been a few anthologies and a couple extra cards added to amonkhet but that 's usually just a few cards at a time .
this time historic is getting dozens of powerful cards for basically no reason other than wotc wanting to power creep the format again .
after the amount of creep we got from the mystical archives do we need another major format overhaul just a few months later ?
is wotc going to continue to overhaul the format multiple times per year ?
and if they do it seems like it would only take a couple of years before wotc has to start making new arena-only cards to keep driving power creep to the format .
vlogging same routine daily and milking content out of children boring
am i the only one who thinks the siren refuses to place puppiccinos on the menu because of how unhealthy it is for dogs ?
like they 've had to consider charging for it .
but some medical experts and lawyer types talked them out of it because of a potential lawsuit .
there 's just no way the bux is leaving bucks on the table .
we will not reply to modmail messages similar to what is reason my post was removed ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
you used the item 'fire arms ' and did 15 extra light damage .
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexybabe if you have any questions or concerns .
ima follow all of these because they all sound so delightful
yeah it definitely is but from what i heard a lot of the major delays had been cleared up already
i would splash my little brother with water as he 'd know it was a joke but an egg ?
nope i have used some and have used gullits loan in a few games of wl/rivals
because i have read many fucking testimonials which are just a google away .
because i do n't want uk style interference from preventing trans teens from having an easier time transitioning because we have been trying for years to change it !
so fucking when fucking when will you fucking allow us to fucking change a law to protect us from further fucking harm ? ! ?
those mashed potatoes look so smooth and creamy yum .
plus fried chicken and gravy are both tasty as fuck .
i 've never actually tried cornbread we do n't have it in the uk .
i also love the swirls you 've made with the mashed potato .
overall super creative and looking at it made me hungry .
what the fuck do you do against cheaters every game has them .
tarkov has the most profitable rmt market so it is just really sad that it is the most targeted game .
lag and desync is real i will give you that
replay system is not really a solution for anything .
look at csgo basic replays it makes everything look shit and unbelievable because of the shit tick rate of replays makes players look like they are gods at the game .
do you all celebrate in the nursing home when you think of a new democrat pun ?
hereditary is seriously overrated and is largely carried by toni collete 's magnificent acting and the stunt that happens with the telephone pole .
the allegory of grief just ai n't that creative or compelling as folk think it is
the movie uses shock value to compensate for a lack of characters we care about or story we are invested in
it is so amazingly ponderous and boring which offends me as i often hear my favorite horror movie in the past ten years  the witch  be debased for the same flaw
also there was might still be a pitcher and piano in a converted church in nottingham with an edward berne-jones stained glass window in it .
the price depends still mostly on btc.but there will come a time when they will not be affected.they are building and deliver so fast.. just signed the 4 fourth ! ! !
they loaned plenty with the expectation of making a financial killing .
but when there is money to be made the us was usually at the front of the queue .
to be frank it 's a policy profit over people that they have held on to .
the us is consistent i will give them that .
i mean joe blackburn literally addresses this in his tweet
first the team is investigating getting rift in destiny 2 next year .
it 's been too long since we 've dunked on some guardians .
the destiny sandbox has sped up in destiny 2 so right now the team is validating that the mode still holds up with our new gameplay ''
it was just the nearest town that thought people might know
it is currently out of stock and being overpriced so if you are not in a rush i would recommend this evoo gaming https www.walmart.com/ip/evoo-gaming-15-6-laptop-fhd-60hz-intel-core-i5-10300h-processor-nvidia-geforce-gtx-1650-thx-spatial-audio-256gb-ssd-8gb-ram-rgb-backlit-keyboard-hd-c/915598119 ? irgwc=1 sourceid=imp_t0nqua0mbxyowkywux0mo3erukb1cburv2qawg0 veh=aff wmlspartner=imp_1989721 clickid=t0nqua0mbxyowkywux0mo3erukb1cburv2qawg0 sharedid affiliates_ad_id=565706 campaign_id=9383
because it comes with i5 quad core cpu which is one of the best in your budget and great for your usage 8gb of ram for smooth multitasking good ssd storage of 256gb for faster boot up and loading 15.6 inch full hd ips screen which is a must have for this price range it comes with gtx 1650 gpu high build quality .
but holy shit how do people tolerate playing video games with assholes like that ?
your post has been flagged as a request for feedback .
posting critiques is limited to feedback fridays where a thread will automatically be posted for both those seeking reviews and providing reviews .
if that 's not what your post is about message the moderators .
if it is and you do not wish to wait please visit r/design_critiques r/imadethis or r/idesignedthis .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/web_design if you have any questions or concerns .
the only way their economy grows is jobs from california and educated workers from california moving in .
i 'll never understand why raising salaries of public workers especially high level public workers in an affront against corruption is considered a bad thing by some people .
it 's the very first thing you do when you have the budget for it i.e .
basically it 's about doing things the right way and not the wrong way .
it 's returnal which means that without even watching i can assure you that it can always get more painful .
she had a bunch of children and expects her teen aged sister to take care of them to the extent she misses school .
i think it 's self-evident that we have free will .
i reject out of hand any philosophy which concludes that a significant portion of everyday lived experience is an illusion .
when i was like 5 or something i 'd nibble the tip of my index finger i got blood coming out and i 'd lick it all up .
whenever i 'd want a sip i 'd nibble it again .
i like the taste of blood to this day although i only get a taste when i get cut or when a pimple pops and i 've cleaned out the pus
because your before picture is so similar to how my jawline looks
i do n't think there 's ever been a truly bad bond .
however lazenby was the least good of the 6 .
uhhh not let a crazy fat guy even have the opportunity to stomp on your head 3 times ... .. lol
where was dad 's balls when all this was going on ?
his own daughter left out of a photo his own daugthter told sit in the crowd i only want blonde bridesmaids .
why did he not put his foot down with her about the insult to your mom ?
as a dad with a daughter if anything happened to my wife no woman would ever disrespect my daughter like that sorry reading this just really pissed me off .
dude how do i check my username i need game friends right now
i do n't know the exact number but it would be somewhere around 150 .
binding of ixalan https c1.scryfall.com/file/scryfall-cards/normal/front/e/0/e07f43b6-e07f-4d0c-90d2-e5b0d23ba0f9.jpg ? 1593095924 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=blinding 20flare sf https scryfall.com/card/jou/91/blinding-flare ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/e07f43b6-e07f-4d0c-90d2-e5b0d23ba0f9 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text
that 's why i have n't bothered yet to finish maxing my apollo n since i have a golden gs..
i 'd rather spend the 2mil credits on other stuff and eventually get my huracan starred up and i 'll max that .
though i might end up maxing the n anyway because of the current se .
i googled images for the baha'i religion and many of them depict the beliefs by the colors of the rainbow .
i think on those grounds alone it would never work ! !
heaven help a religion that was inclusive of all people !
canada does n't intervene until the csa has already had time to build up
usually by the time they intervene the federalists are dead and the aus is either down or on its way out
my 2 biggest weaknesses are big tits and fishnets .
look at that sexy ass hair toupee on his head .
i do n't think that orange could pull that of .
horror story this food truck i worked on had a bleach bucket that was rarely used .
there some moist towels sitting in it for who knows how long .
health inspector was at the event we were at so i was tasked with filling up the bleach bucket .
i lift one towel to find a handful of maggots writhing at the bottom ...
definitely top 5 worst article/aot post i 've ever seen
as long as you are n't soliciting them for sex what 's the issue ?
maybe do n't give them actual sex advice either or avoid the specific topic of sex altogether if that makes you uncomfortable .
other than that you treat them like any other people do n't you ?
mark your 18 stuff as 18 '' and that 's it .
my neighbors who curse each other the eff out in front of their 1 year old 8 days a week .
colours on the high 10 courthouse ave. kelly is an awesome stylist .
sorry i 'm not able to retrieve sauces for this post https i.imgur.com/olosbkw.png .
currently i can only work with imgur and i.redd.it links as well as direct links to image files .
i can handle imgur albums as long as they only contain a single image .
you may be able to find the sauce yourself using saucenao https saucenao.com .
once you 're done setting up with ae switch in fischl and press her weapon active and press attack to qte with fischl .
when fischl qte 's time fracture will trigger hot qte .
always spam qte with fischl because it applies lightning vulnerability up to 40 which is pretty massive but on demand with her bow to proc qte immediately .
probably accidental guessing it was used to jam the gears to tighten the rear nut .
maybe we post videos in wsb that are disguised as other stocks with a 1bil market cap since that 's the min requirement but that are actually rapid-fire sprt dd .
like the thumbnail and title could be amc  liftoff inbound whatever it is and then the first 30 secs could be amc yammering only to cut to a list of sprt squeeze factors
woah ... .. guys it 's starting to feel a lil shilly out here .
ikr every morning i wake to my desk covered in a 1mm thick layer of dust
i do n't read manga so these polls make me feel utterly useless
reminder to new apes the last red day in may was before may earnings .
path looses the ability to scan beacons passive will remain the same however
it 's pretty sad when you realize that it 's probably that many people staying up late are working labor at weird hours or working long hours meaning workplace accidents and sleep deprivation
how about a big sneeze on my hand then a handshake ?
this reminds me of the time i had to empty out an apartment and there was a chair where you saw the outlining of the person that died on it .
i always thought that her hair is an apple slices
sometimes i like a doll but not her outfit .
or an item of clothing but not the doll .
such resellers allow me to get what i want and if i want the doll and someone else wants the outfit everybody is happy .
or people have a doll that they got as a child but lost her clothes or certain accessories you know the tiny items that invariably ended up in your mom 's vacuum cleaner so they can get a replacement .
it feels like we went from the most rewarding league mechanic ever to the least rewarding league mechanic since ... prophecy ?
ultimatum rewards were absurdly overtuned and i still find the complaints about rewards not being good during early ulti league hilarious and it 's totally fine to have a less rewarding league mechanic it 's just a jarring difference .
my problem is it feels like they deliberately nerfed currency drops almost everywhere else so hard that we have to at least interact with tujen to get any decent amount of currency this league ... or do heist i guess but fuck heist .
reworks are fine as long as they arent based off realism
if you 're dealing with a debilitating anxiety let 's say generalized anxiety social anxiety disorder agorophobia etc .
then you 're dealing with a medical problem at that point which needs to have a game plan and resolving actions that can be planned out with a therapist .
maybe it 's just how you 're built and you need a plan for how to integrate into social situations .
if you 're just someone who 's just an anxious person maybe you 're nervous around people work on being less anxious .
meditating taking an improv class whatever it is for you that 's safe and healthy and productive .
also knowing that most people are just as awkward as you feel you may be .
then the best you can do is just try .
you got ta be safe and responsible but also push yourself out of your comfort zone and just try to make friends .
in your 20 's and beyond the responsibility is on you to build and maintain your social connections .
you do n't have school where you 're surrounded by people like you .
and your friends are going to start partnering off and focusing on careers .
so you got ta make being social and putting yourself into social situations a priority in your life .
first big way is find hobbies that you like and make you social .
and covid is still making this a challenge so this is a tough one so do this at your level of comfortability .
i 've found streaming on twitch was good for me this pandemic .
there are tons of them in things like cooking or books or whatever you 're into .
even if you 're not interested in being a salsa dancer take a salsa class .
make friends at the old folk 's home or at the food bank .
nothing says all your friends have to be in your age group .
and nothing brings you closer to a community than giving back to it .
stick around long enough you 'll find the regulars and start to bond with them .
maybe even watch movies with people if there 's a small movie group on a discord somewhere .
if travel restrictions lighten up and you feel comfortable staying at a hostel is a great way to meet new people .
more than likely we 're just doing our thing '' or you get a weird look .
but all this is getting used to the constant rejections .
letting them hit and being okay with them hitting rather than letting them cut so deep you have to run away .
but if someone says yes '' then that 's great !
if you feel like you 're not good at being social just practice at a bar .
go with a friend or two and play around .
meet a group of friends and play a game of darts .
by the way i 'm convenience store diet ? ''
practice keeping the conversation going and listening and responding .
just be a decent person and talk to people with no goal .
not everyone has to like you or be your friend .
also do n't cut out the people in your life who seem like they 're the losers . ''
i 'm not talking about the guy who cut a hole in your tires and had sex with them then apologized by punching you in the face .
i 'm talking about those boring friends who have weird laughs and are annoying to most people but are a bit lonely too .
the ones who defer to you to be interesting .
but a lot of this is taking your own initiative .
learn to accept that failure is just a natural part of life and growing and becoming successful that failing upward mentality .
quitting my crap job i had for almost 10 years .
i took 2 weeks off and the night i was supposed to go back to work i was like nope i 'm good .
i like the idea but it seems like he has low pay off for leveling he even gives you a worse version of life steal if you level him .
dotm was actually fun i would 've loved for an extended fight scene where we maybe see more than just optimus easily killing megatron and then dooting sentinel
occupied '' or i 'll be done in a bit if you 're waiting for the stall ''
puts stuff into perspective ... just thinking about all the times i 'm out alone just fishing .
makes me realize i 'm not always as safe as i should be .
what makes you think it was supposed to end there ?
race is a description of genetic heredity which plastic surgery can not change .
but could n't the same be said for people who want to change their sex ?
my friends made this for me years ago on my birthday .
how i expect ppl to sub with nothing showing lol
the speed at which it is played is called it 's singulocity
if we make you cry anymore your eyes will start pointing downward on your face
uh i know what the carbon tax is worth it went from 6.6 cents to 8.8 cents this april that 's a 2.2 cent increase per litre .
taking a photo anywhere near that is near impossible you get soaked immediately
joking aside though every method of contraception will have possible side effects .
that does n't mean that everyone who uses a given method will have the side effects .
do some research r/birthcontrol is a wealth of knowledge and planned parenthood has a great website https www.plannedparenthood.org/learn/birth-control and then talk to a doctor about what options would be best for you .
condoms for you have a side effect of anxiety about pregnancy .
is that better than the other potential side effects ?
there 's no right or wrong answer to that question but it will help you make a decision about what to do .
i 've been watching it on hbo max and i ca n't stand the ui on hbo lol .
definitely got ta switch over to netflix now that it 's available
saw some better abs today for some guys especially conforto .
if you look closely you 'll see the 12 '' in the back is n't embroidered i 'm not too focused on having multiples of each side though so it does n't really matter to me !
i am a bot and my job is to reduce spam and shitposts .
if this post fits the purpose of r/ocugen upvote this comment
if this post does not fit the subreddit downvote this comment and report !
medicine was hidden in it and now i ca n't touch the stuff .
please dont murder me but i have a very mild transphobia
i 'm a guy with pierced nipples and honestly it 's the funnest point of bonding with someone i matched with someone last year and we were both pierced and had purple hair it was a good ass time .
whatever ... they are all easy to add on .
get the best body in the colour you choose build the miata you dream of .
last tenant build a fake wall between the kitchen and the living room
the dude being chased by the other dude with a giant dick was pretty funny lol .
submissions must be direct links to images in the imgur minus or gfycat domains .
when using imgur simply right-click the image select open in a new tab '' and submit that url .
if using minus click the 'share ' button and submit the 'direct link ' url .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/godpussy if you have any questions or concerns .
wavestorm this one is the clumsiest but not by a lot and on the right summer days and right mindset it can be among the most fun .
brings out the inner amped up kook in me pretty much every time .
cs log definitely handles better than the wavestorm but might only be because it 's a foot shorter .
i still feel like i can catch anything and everything with this board and it 's a ton of fun on mushy windy days where groveling is n't worth it .
sbbc casper in anything under chest height and not super steep this is easily the most fun board i have .
can pump it really fast down the line do turns floaters etc .
real fin boxes means i can mix it up a little more there too .
softech flash this is my eat shit '' board that i take out whenever waves are big and closing out .
it handles surprisingly well but where it really shines is absolutely not having to worry about it hitting me .
i 've taken shots to the head body shin foot you name it .
the board is almost a little bit squishy if that makes sense and the board has some dents in the rail but still rides great and almost certainly saved me injury time out of the water and repair costs .
i added proteck fins for even less injury risk .
definitely has a mind of its own sometimes but that adds to the appeal for me .
i take it out on medium size days where i want to go fast and a little out of control .
probably the least beginner friendly board of the bunch but in the right conditions it 's a really fun change of pace .
they just believe in society being structured in a horizontal way .
organizations made to provide and help for the people would still exist just without state power and the crux of anarchism is really just cooperation .
cooperation with your fellow human so you can mutually benefit .
ya do n't think you can there might be something on unity for a presentation thing like it but modding/texture changed i do n't think is posiable
i 'm just about to finish a platinum nuzlocke and wanted to move on to black/white 2 but i do n't know which one to run .
still not done i was preparing for dungeon and failed but got the dire bear implant
what 's upvoted is the complete opposite opinions of the soldiers i know
just went and got tested through the drive-through at stafford behind the maccas
probably took 10 minutes from getting onsite to driving away .
staff were really helpful and in a pretty friendly mood
i ca n't believe how easy the actual process was after hearing some horror stories of dead-nasal swigs if anything i thought they could have gone way deeper but were happy just to take some samples from around/inside my nostril
10/10 overall nice to actually have some lunchtime left over
did n't have him in mind when i made him but yeah !
another person who dies a southend career ! ! !
wringing good performance out of the cell processor was very difficult and led to some very weird programming and exclusives generally try to push the hardware to the edge .
i 've read that mgsiv actually plays flashback cutscenes from mgs1 or 2 or something ... and it does it on the embedded ps2 implementation so the application basically runs on two completely different architectures .
exclusives have the freedom to get weird if they want .
they can just allow people to select positions during queue .
it may takes longer to q but then normal doesnt really take that long to q either .
yeah but is n't that realistic per actual diplomacy back in medeival times ?
checkmate green on female cloak imc nose art and paint on north star
please note this post has been locked as all posts on r/houstonr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and houstonr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a link for mobile users pm sea-violinist-5206 .
ops who wish to enable low effort comments may do so by adding ! unlock to the body of their submissions .
ops who abuse the unlock system will lose the ability to unlock their posts .
please remember that all comments will still be subject to subreddit rules .
always read through a posters profile to look for red flags before replying to a post .
always vet the user before sharing any personal information with them .
if there is an issue with this post and it breaks the rules please use the report button .
if you believe the user is not who they say they are please message the mods .
the wording of a post is identical to another user 's post
user asks for an email or provides one this will always be a scam
user requests that you bring them food or pay them in exchange for something
posts includes a username for a 3rd party application this is against subreddit rules
as always be kind to each other use common sense and have fun !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/houstonr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
like steel soul when you create a new save you can create one in godseeker mode .
it is only godmaster you ca n't leave that area but you have all charms and all upgrades .
it 's definitely true i have n't bothered with p4 myself and i have access to the later bosses .
it 's also handy to have a save that 's always in godhome if you need to practice for speedruns though the fully upgraded part complicates the effectiveness of that in hall of gods where you ca n't use bindings .
dude almost gets his head crushed by a tire and skewered
for the longest while i thought i identified with enneagram 9w1 i know i might have made a big fuss on this subreddit about 9 but after further reading and speculation i 've come to a bit of a personal realization .
as a phobic and introverted 6w7 i definitely have very 9-like behaviors and mannerisms and it 's likely i more readily integrate to 9 around family .
a major indicator of this was taking the time to actually thoroughly reflect on my childhood wound i ca n't blame my parents given the environment and community we were living in but they were quite overprotective and sheltered me from a lot of things .
i 'm just recently seeing the major fear that has manifested .
i ultimately crave some form of stability and safety to rely on to feel secure in it was a matter of differentiating between desiring stability versus a 9 's peace .
it 's definitely more of a matter of wing 7 even if i am an introvert it helps me to sort my internal chaos with taking it out and external stimuli does help me to calm down in times of major anxiety .
oh yeah and that 's the thing my anxieties and fears are perpetually revolving around in my mind i am intensely aware of them all of the time i do not relate to the dissociative tendencies of more occasional bouts of anxiety characteristic of 9 's .
as an infp i feel as if i still hold fi-ne idealism in humanity as an abstract concept but i 've come to realistically realize that i might lean into wing 5 skepticism when shopping in public .
oh yeah and constantly bugging this subreddit with a nagging need for external validation ... ... sorry about that .
not only the idea of the ship itself but do you see the story going anywhere in that direction ?
i do n't but honestly with his volume 8 went anything is possible in rwby at this point lol .
especially if crwby really is gon na redeem neo .
plus i watched judgmental critter 's video for her predictions of volume 9 on patreon and she theorizes that jaune will tie into neo somehow .
wether he kills her or convinces her to join the good side so i 'll be surprised if crwby not only does the later but goes with silent knight as well .
i just accepted an offer for a summer 2022 internship at a big tech company think fang or similar .
when i applied i was on track to become president of a recreational club at my school not career-related at all .
so on my resume next to the club 's name i put president '' .
this was just at the bottom of my resume next to my other clubs/activities i did n't give any other details or list it under the experience section or anything .
the problem is some personnel changed in my club and i 'm no longer going to be its president .
should i contact the company and tell them about this erroneous detail ?
part of me says yes but i also do n't want to call attention to a fact that might otherwise be a non-issue .
i bought these about 6-7 years ago worn them quite a bit but are still in excellent shape in regards to sole/exterior .
the issue i 'm experiencing is occuring on the interior near the rear of the heel .
it appears the material is separating and i 'm not quite sure why .
is this damage something that can be trimmed away with scissors or adhesed back into place ?
sadly i believe i bought the kind that were n't made in england which is why i believe i may be having this issue .
i believe i might be bisexual because i often fantasize about having a boyfriend but same with girls and i ca n't really tell so if anyone could help me then that would be wonderful
is there a list somewhere of all of the mega stone locations ?
i love the hardcore-ness of official and i hate the 5x-10x loot trend that most modded servers have but modded does offer some quality of life changes that greatly improve my experience .
that being said does anyone know of any servers that have a stable playerbase and vanilla or at least close to vanilla loot/gather rates ?
but have just the basic mods such as spawn select in-game map and a group/party system ?
i 'm in the us too so an english speaking server would be ideal .
also i do n't want any trader/outpost/black market stuff .
i finally got over my crush saying that the odds of her brother being in love with me are more likely turn her being in love with me .
we are good friends and i guess it 'll just be that way .
i had bought a new case phantexs p400 to replace my cheap case which i built 3-4 years ago connected everything up and pressed the power on button mobo led turn on aio led turn on and i could hear the pump running graphics card fans were also on but not leds nothing beeped to show it was a successful boot .
screen was blank and not posting tried checking all cables were connected and still nothing took my 3 hours of trying differnt things until i had the lazy idea of trying to plug the old case connectors into the mobo while it was in the new case and it worked bc i had been at it for 4 hours and was too lazy to take it apart and put it back in the old case now i have a double case set up which is annoying bc i ca n't put the tempered glass side pannel on help .
is going to do an episode on fury 's big week https marvelcinematicuniverse.fandom.com/wiki/the_avengers_prelude fury 27s_big_week which would mark the first time any of the tie-in comics is directly touched upon in a marvel studios production .
and the captain carter episode is going to include ssr agent john flynn https marvelcinematicuniverse.fandom.com/wiki/john_flynn whose only appearance was in the agent carter one-shot .
that would make him the first character to be introduced in a one-shot that crosses over into the movies .
additionally imdb lists a stunt double for ben kingsley in shang-chi .
if this is true that means the all hail the king one-shot will be directly followed up on in the movie another first .
and then of course the disney shows and the movies will be heavily intertwined which we 've already started to see with val https marvelcinematicuniverse.fandom.com/wiki/valentina_allegra_de_fontaine .
that just leaves the marvel television productions and it 's all but confirmed that daredevil is in no way home '' while it 's also all but confirmed that kingpin is in hawkeye '' and echo '' .
with additional rumors of mockingbird quake jessica jones and punisher also appearing in other projects .
a place for members of r/real_memes to chat with each other
trong thi gian bo hnh cng ty h tr i my mi hoc thay th linh kin in t nu sn phm xy ra hng hc k thut do li nh sn xut .
ton b qu trnh ch to lp t hng dn vn hnh v bo dng bo tr my u do i ng k thut giu kinh nghim thn thin nhit tnh ca cng ty m nhim .
and like when is it too late to say one 's interested ?
one of the very few times i do n't feel like writing up a built up prompt or some story or some starter .
so i 'll just explain the title and then name my requirements and my abilities and hopefully i 'd find someone interesting or else we 'll just waste our times just to realize that we 're not compatible .
i want there to be rules and changes in this world .
tbh i 'm mostly looking to do this on earth but rare chances that i might be ok with space worlds or aliens .
but no fandoms or whatever i 'm not familiar with them so we 'd just waste our times .
i have a few ideas or options so that you can understand where i 'm coming from .
but please feel free to lem me know if you 're trying to build a world and need someone to discuss to .
sex and slavery would be set in 1300-1800 period where slavery is official encouraged and seen as cultural norm .
more like a world where every elite will have slaves in their houses to do their chores and ofcourse the time where a wife wo n't feel jealous if her husband is surrounded by 10 slaves in their bed and the husband wo n't feel like he 's being cucked if his wife is out there sucking 10 cocks in an elite family orgy ...
but i 'm more interested in the slavery part of this era .
do they have to be naked inside the house and always bow their heads while talking to masters ?
robosluts would be set in 3100 period where robots play vital role in human lives .
all gadgets are replaced with highly efficient and customised robots which can perform all sorts of chores .
i 'm thinking of playing the transition period from normal era to robotic era .
feel like purchasing your own robot on your 18th bday ?
just ask your parents to order a robot for you .
it comes with all kinds of celebrity face changes highly customisable and upgradable .
the latest synthetic changes are making their skin feel like actual human skin ... do the robots start a revolution because they 're being run with ai ?
do they take over the human race and make them slaves ?
hucow factory would be set on 2050-2100 where the milk production in the world is stopped gradually .
human 's atrocities on wildlife made all the cattle unable to produce milk .
and now the only edible source of milk is a woman 's naturally produced milk .
and thus came the new industrial revolution hucow factories .
would they take fertile women and breed them to get natural milk ?
being bred with an actual bull gives pure nutritious milk ?
or all women across the world will accept their new roles as milk providers ?
all house members mostly get their milk directly from their woman 's breasts ?
alien communication would be set in 4000-4100 period where our earth has established communication with alien life from another planet .
is our earth sending a space crew to know more about them ?
or are the aliens sending a crew from them to our world ?
do they want to research about what happens if an alien breeds a human ?
or the earth population doubles when the government orders us to incorporate atleast one alien per house and treat it as our family member ?
freeuse world would be set in 2021 because of fucking pandemic and corona and there 's not much to write about here because i 'm sure we 're seeing atleast one post in here about freeuse worlds ...
so these are 4 weird vague ideas that 's on top of my head .
again do lem me know if you have your own ideas .
i 'm willing to do a princess adventure in a forest kinda stories too so yeah .
people who want to discuss first and flesh out details and fun to talk in ooc gets high priority .
people who would be writing in third person and follow the fluid flow will get high priority .
i 'm thinking of writing a story with you roleplaying is fine too but for world building i do n't think roleplay would be effective .
people who write between 3-8 paragraphs will get high priority .
1-2 i 'd really feel bad for you if you 're reading this line but i 'm not interested and we 'd waste our time honestly .
people who respond to me in their first message talking about which idea they like a bit about themselves as a person no need to provide your identification proof or something their kinks and limits and their favourite actor in the title so that i can filter out will get high priority .
we 're not marrying we 're just writing a story so real life comes first and i do n't mind if we have 12 hours timezone difference .
feel free to respond whenever you 're free irl .
kinks lesbians incest forced lesbians dub-con non-con rape dark elements slavery hucows lactation pregnancy hypnosis freeuse muskplay balls worship cock worship breasts worship sweatplay armpits women 's and shaved impregnation cuckolding cuckquean gangbangs humiliation degradation bestiality etc..
limits scat piss vomit gore vore rimming pegging and mxm scenes .
so i went to a surgeon for an issue i was considering correcting .
it 's elective surgery so not necessary for me to undergo .
during my visit there i saw multiple disturbing personnel issues bordering employee harassment .
so at the time i was kind of convinced to do the surgery and swiped my card to pay a refundable deposit to secure a day for surgery .
plenty of days in advance i decided i was n't going for the surgery as it was giving me severe anxiety to think about it .
called up the surgeon said i wanted to cancel .
they tried to argue i am being a cry baby and why oh why can i not take 3 days to recover from their surgery .
i said i have a baby i care for and my decision is final .
as he was rumbling i said hey i think you need some i/o psychologist to help you with your staff
he was like yeah you should come in to teach them a few things given he knew where i went to school etc .
well he wanted to pay me in trade as in give me 3000 off my surgery if i decided to go with his surgery otherwise no deal .
at that point he had me about an hour and a half talking to me about his problems with his staff while harassing his staff .
like yelling them asking them to only speak in yes or no when he asks something very aggressively etc .
so at that point i just hang up the phone .
he was asking me to say things to his employees that he wanted me to say .
given i am not gon na do said surgery and i really do n't know how to handle this delicately i just want my money back and the employee he was harassing told me she wants to quit and is looking for other work so working with her i do n't feel is fruitful .
she does n't want to work there is nothing i can do to fix her behavior even if i tried .
the boss complained she is forgetful and misbehaving at work like walking out after being yelled at
i tried to tell him he creating a hostile work environment and explicitly asked the employee how stressed she is in front of him .
then he said no no no it 's her english she just does n't know how to speak english well
she answered she is stressed half the time she works with you
he still wants me to come in and talk to her otherwise he says he wo n't refund my deposit .
is this legal for him to ask me to provide services for him in exchange for my deposit back ?
30 cute loli anime characters top loli characters in anime https www.myanimeforlife.com/30-cute-loli-anime-characters-top-loli-characters-in-anime
good evenin y'all for all the pick 6 players out there here are several tickets 5 i came up with for del mar 's card tomorrow as they have an 8 race card it begins in race 3 before 1st post i will have other wagers for the card and my selections as well as some from the spa and woodbine .
giving amount of money in da hood for the type of item you offer me
i own a discord server and i have 60 vouches
i have an overbite and overjet and my orthodontist initially had planned 61 trays for my treatment .
last month my bottom trays were complete except for one stubborn tooth and so i got scanned for refinements .
i was on set 34/61 so i had 27 trays left .
today i went to collect my next set of aligners and realised the number went back to 1/66 .
this means he added 39 trays to my treatment both top and bottom .
i 'm so demoralised now because everything was progressing well and now it feels like a setback .
it does not help that all the movement is at the back right now so i feel as though the past 8 months and next couple months is kind of going to waste because i ca n't see any visible changes to my overbite and overjet at all .
i seriously just feel like crying right now out of deep frustration .
it does n't help that i see all these wonderful transformations on this subreddit while i do n't see any changes with my smile .
constantine flips a coin up into the air and someone watches as it spins in slow motion completely transfixed .
when the coin finally hits the ground constantine is nowhere to be seen .
does anyone know where this scene comes from i think it 's a matt ryan constantine scene either from his show or legends but i ca n't remember .
oscar mayer is including 10,000 dogecoin in this promotional hot dog pack https feeds.feedblitz.com/~/t/0/0/marginalrevolution/~https hypebeast.com/2021/8/oscar-mayer-ebay-hot-doge-wieners-release .
trauma cleaners can make over 300k a year https feeds.feedblitz.com/~/t/0/0/marginalrevolution/~https www.businessinsider.com/trauma-cleaner-cleans-dead-bodies-makes-over-million-yearly-2019-8 ? utm_source=feedly utm_medium=webfeeds .
vaccine-card fashion is a thing now https feeds.feedblitz.com/~/t/0/0/marginalrevolution/~https www.businessinsider.com/vaccine-card-t-shirt-cala-andrew-wyatt-2021-8 ? utm_source=feedly utm_medium=webfeeds mie .
even criminals show altruism in dictator and ultimatum games https feeds.feedblitz.com/~/t/0/0/marginalrevolution/~https www.nature.com/articles/s41562-021-01170-0 .
what is happening to the relative affordability of new homes ?
rebel forces seize control of lalibela https feeds.feedblitz.com/~/t/0/0/marginalrevolution/~https www.theartnewspaper.com/news/tigray-forces-take-control-of-unesco-site-lalibela-in-ethiopia-s-amhara-region ? utm_source=the+art+newspaper+newsletters utm_campaign=7bc3e16d4d-email_campaign_2021_08_04_03_37_copy_01 utm_medium=email utm_term=0_c459f924d0-7bc3e16d4d-62240358 .
the post friday assorted links https feeds.feedblitz.com/~/t/0/0/marginalrevolution/~marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2021/08/friday-assorted-links-322.html appeared first on marginal revolution https feeds.feedblitz.com/~/t/0/0/marginalrevolution/~marginalrevolution.com .
the other day i was watching some classic canadian tv in corner gas and the town had one pot hole .
they were arguing as to what 's better a speed bump or a pot hole .
they tried to cover pot hole with a small speed bump but they ultimately went back to the pot hole and refused to fix it because it ensured people would drive slowly .
this scenario reminded me of barton street and the current state of that road .
to the city of hamilton you are smart as you keep that road in horrible condition it ensures people will drive slowly or face the consequences of wrecking their vehicle .
here is just one bit from a superb post https feeds.feedblitz.com/~/t/0/0/marginalrevolution/~https astralcodexten.substack.com/p/adumbrations-of-aducanumab on the fda by psychiatrist scott alexander at astral codex ten .
i worry that people are going to come away from this with some conclusion like wow the fda seemed really unprepared to handle covid. no .
every single thing the fda does is like this .
every single hour of every single day the fda does things exactly this stupid and destructive and the only reason you never hear about the others is because they 're about some disease with a name like schmoe 's syndrome and a few hundred cases nationwide instead of something big and media-worthy like coronavirus .
i am a doctor and sometimes i have to deal with the schmoe 's syndromes of the world and every f king time there is some story about the fda doing something exactly_this awful and counterproductive .
a while back i learned about infant short bowel syndrome a rare condition with only a few hundred cases nationwide .
babies can not digest food effectively but you can save their lives by using an iv line to direct nutrients directly into their veins .
but you need to use the right nutrient fluid .
the fda approved an early draft of the nutrient fluid but it did n't have enough fish oil which is necessary for development so a lot of the babies still died or ended up with permanent neurological damage .
around the late 90s/early 00s researchers figured out what was going on and recommended adding fish oil to the iv fluid .
the fda responded that they had only approved the non-fish-oil version it would take them a while to approve the new version and until they did that adding fish oil was illegal .
a bunch of babies kept dying and getting permanent neurological damage and everyone knew exactly how to stop it but if anyone did the fda would take away their licenses and shut them down .
around 2010 boston children 's hospital found some loophole that let them add fish oil to their nutrient fluid on site and infants with short bowel syndrome at that one hospital stopped dying or ending up permanently disabled and the fda grudgingly agreed to permit it but banned them from distributing their formulation or letting it cross state lines  so for a while if you wanted your baby not to die you had to have them spend their infancy in one specific hospital in massachusetts .
around 2015 the fda said that if your doctor applied for a special exemption they would let you import the correct nutritional fluid from europe where lacking the fda they had just added fish oil to the fluid as soon as researchers discovered it was necessary but you were only able to apply after your baby had already sustained serious damage and the fda might just say no .
finally in 2018 https feeds.feedblitz.com/~/t/0/0/marginalrevolution/~https www.vitalchoice.com/article/fda-okays-life-saving-fish-oil-iv-for-sick-children the fda got around to approving the corrected nutritional fluid and now babies with short bowel syndrome do fine after twenty years of easily preventable state-mandated deaths .
and it 's not just this and coronavirus i can not stress enough how typical this is of everything the fda does all the time .
https feeds.feedblitz.com/~/t/0/0/marginalrevolution/~https astralcodexten.substack.com/p/adumbrations-of-aducanumab i actually had to read it in several sessions it 's not that long but bouts of anger interspersed with moments of laughter made me have to put it down momentarily to recover .
there is a lot more in the post on reforms .
best quick into to my views on the fda is this post https feeds.feedblitz.com/~/t/0/0/marginalrevolution/~https marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2015/08/is-the-fda-too-conservative-or-too-aggressive.html follow the links and my paper on off-label prescribing https feeds.feedblitz.com/~/t/0/0/marginalrevolution/~https www.independent.org/pdf/tir/tir_05_1_tabarrok.pdf .
the post the fda is still much too strict https feeds.feedblitz.com/~/t/0/0/marginalrevolution/~marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2021/08/the-fda-is-still-much-too-strict.html appeared first on marginal revolution https feeds.feedblitz.com/~/t/0/0/marginalrevolution/~marginalrevolution.com .
the most important act of the last two decades ?
hait suriname and yemen fact of the day http marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2021/08/hait-suriname-and-yemen-fact-of-the-day.html
hearing solutions https hearingsolutions.in ? utm_source=seo utm_medium=james utm_campaign=seowork is a leading hearing aid provider in india with the highest number of hearing clinics in andhra pradesh telangana kolkata chennai bihar jharkhand and nagpur india .
we have 20 hearing clinics in all the major cities to fulfill all kinds of hearing needs .
hearing solutions have the best hearing aids and ear machines that will help in hearing better .
a wide range of hearing aids is available in hearing solutions hearing clinic .
all the hearing clinics are completely sanitized and well maintained in a hygienic environment .
are well equipped with advance hearing testing instruments like digital audiometer to provide the complete hearing evaluation of an individual .
in the hearing clinic we can find all kinds of hearing aids of various brands and models .
to avail of the free hearing test and free hearing aid trial at best hearing clinic in velachery https hearingsolutions.in/hearing-aid-in-telangana ? utm_source=seo utm_medium=james utm_campaign=seowork
i recently started derma roller about 3weeks i have 1.5mm and use it once every week with medium pressure i feel i have more hair fall is it normal ?
this is a great opportunity to know more about the capabilities of the platform .
i am laura from fashion technology accelerator a leading fashion technology startup accelerator based in milan and doha .
we are conducting a survey https ftamilan.typeform.com/to/fmrzjrjj https ftamilan.typeform.com/to/fmrzjrjj to test european customers ' perception of different sustainable business models in the fashion industry and we would love to hear from you ! if you are interested in the topic we kindly ask you to complete the questionnaire it will only take 10 minutes of your time !
and since we care for the environment we will plant one tree with treedom every 5 surveys completed !
currently looking to watercool my gpu and aorus 1080ti .
have decided not to upgrade to a 30 series until the prices come down in another 12 months .
i 'm really struggling to find a waterblock to purchase online and it seems the wb market is geared very much towards whatever the later models are .
can anyone suggest a place where these can still be found ?
or should i be looking at the second hand market ?
so i have decided i am going to get my very first gaming pc .
i had a few in the past but were all pre built over priced .
its time i put my big boy boots on and built one myself .
issue is i aint got a clue where to start .
im primarily a console gamer and use my series x. im happy at 4k 60fps as i have a 4k 60hz monitor and wont be buying a new one so no need for 120fps and all that jazz .
however id like it to be stable at 60fps 4k with all the bells and whistles like raytracing ect .
id also like good airflow/cooling and just like everyone else id like it to look like an led rave machine lol .
had a friend suggest a 2060/2070 super or a 3060 if i can fit it in my budget .
obviously id like to make sure its able to be upgraded for the future .
i very much appreciate your time and help i can see that sometimes you lot aint so friendly but hopefully you go easy with me hahaha .
edit i do have a liking for amd cpus/gpus not sure how thats looked at around here but im thinking bang for buck .
can i use citra to get mythical pokemon and then put them in my pokemon bank on my 3ds ?
qual  a ideia principal do filme para voc ?
i always thought that the carbonation was to make the caffeine kick in '' faster .
why did they lose that appeal when they go flat ?
alright i 'm getting beyond frustrated with my recent ge lightsaber purchase from savi 's workshop .
the bloody thing wo n't turn on in any consistent manner .
it 's definitely getting power nothing feels loose all i can guess is this dumb magnetic system they use to turn it on and off is poorly designed i have to take the whole thing apart just to get the switch to turn it on and even then after re-putting back on all the parts it 'll still randomly fail to turn on after that necessitating me having to take it all off again .
is there any fix at all for this lame system they designed ?
feel like i was robbed of 220 when i could have just bought some hasbro toy one that at least turns on properly for the same or lower price .
this probably makes me an awful person but i can not stand these type of threads and i seriously question why they 're allowed .
the story the poster is referring to is horrible and tragic but hordes of mners trying to outdo each other on how sad they are and how much they 've cried just sits really badly with me .
i 've just read the absolutely tragic story of kaylee-jayde priest .
i 've just been crying my eyes out this evening over the loss of her very short life .
i 'd really like some recommendations on charities and organisations that try to make a real difference in cases such as these so that i may make a donation etc .
rest in peace little girl i hope you will find the kindness love and compassion you so deserve in heaven .
avail the best digital marketing agency in your local city jamshedpur !
now you do n't need to depend on big city for digital marketing services we provide complete digital marketing services solution for seo smo influencer marketing content marketing email marketing mobile marketing analytics at an affordable price .
contact us today for a free consultation about your business .
hey guys im quite new to the genre and slipped into it with future funk .
which artist are some good entrys in the scene ?
i leveled up an engineer using mostly a rifle/bomb/elixir/mortar build but it was n't really cutting it when i got out to the heart of thorns zones .
i found myself dying a lot so i decided to look at some example builds and went with a sword/shield holosmith build found here since it is tankier .
i 've been playing around with the build for a bit but i feel like i should n't be dying as easy as i am .
i 'm sure part has to do with me getting used to the build and perfecting a rotation but i question the power/prec/ferc gear that the build says i should be wearing .
i mostly have all exotic gear with a couple of ascended pieces .
i found a holosmth rune that had vitality in it and i started to question if i should be changing my gear to add some vitality or even condition since im always applying burn .
is there any holosmiths out there that can give me advice on a build or even clarify about this build in the link ?
i 'm also thinking about using double pistols for my secondary weapon so should i be stacking condition ?
sorry for all the questions i 'm just trying to better understand what i should be going for .
here is the mi band 5 aliexpress coupon https www.popthecoupon.com/coupons-category/aliexpress
and also you can find more coupon codes deals discounts promo codes on there .
i 'm trying to setup a dlna server through kodi on my rpi2 .
however i ca n't modify the browser tree that is shown on the dlna client .
i only have a video library no music or pictures but in order to get to it on the client i have to go through osmc server video library files hdd videos '' .
is there any way to modify the tree in order to go directly from osmc server to videos ?
cng so snh cdn min ph v cdn tr ph khc nhau th no ngay ti bi vit https bizflycloud.vn/tin-tuc/so-sanh-cdn-mien-phi-va-cdn-tra-phi-20210805220816102.htm https bizflycloud.vn/tin-tuc/so-sanh-cdn-mien-phi-va-cdn-tra-phi-20210805220816102.htm sosanhcdnmienphivacdntraphi
the main city petrichior is the fancy word for the stuff that makes the after the rain smell .
snezhnya is a word for snowy or like from the snow .
there is a river with this name in russia that exists mainly because of melting snow making the water travel over a 100mi/170km
sumeru is a sacred mountain in hindu that is said to grant divine knowledge
natlan seems to come from an aztec language and my best estimation is our land or it 's a portmanteau of the name of the language nahuatl and the word for a land so like the place people speak
celestia would me heavenly land which seeing as our first two archon friends have regions named after a celestial body they might be more in agreement with celestia .
khaenri'ah so i was so wrong about the translation and then about what languages i was even too be using see comments below  but here we go .
so the language would be old norse kanaa to know and then the suffix ri to change into knower so we get kannri and then the ah at the end could just be adding the diminutive ria from some other nordic languages .
so like kannria could be like little kmowers which fit with the gnostic themes
idk why someone would wan na pay for weed that had all the tricomes stolen from anyway .
the nature of the beast what so many have worked so hard for so long to ensure is ... ... ..nobody will ever know .
no one but him will know to any degree of certainty .
he is not unique in this however if you want to be like fluffypony in this way ... .use monero .
aluminum is superior radiant pipes if you have enough of it on your asteroid .
front cages are big but good other than that from what i can tell .
please take a look on my portfolio and feel free to dm me if you like it .
they 're not in my top 5 favorite bands but i caught them live in 2017 .
i 'm banned from there because i participate in a sub that brigades them ''
those guys you see are n't in any unions they 're not getting paid fuck all the money all goes to the owners .
that 's the whole reason mike harris sold roadwork to the shittiest bidders because he could dump union workers who used to do an excellent fast job .
and they would have gotten away with it if it were n't for those meddling kids .
ah so this will be one of those leads that lasts 6 minutes huh
christopher dorner was fired for doing the right thing that 's my point .
also cops literally have histories of past violent behaviors and are never punished or get paid vacation .
look at derek chauvin who has 18 official complaints before his career ended only because he was caught on camera .
and the police/union want to act like the victims lol
grunnet elbilsatsingen i norge bruker kina oss som lanseringsplatform for sine nye elbiler .
tror du overvurderer hvor lnnsomt det er med grnn energi og undervurderer hvor vanskelig det er  bli verdensledende i en industri .
usa er ledende i dag og det tror jeg de vil fortsette  vre .
vre dyktige ingenirer som ikke jobber i eller for olja drar utenlands pga lnninger/jobbmuligheter .
det er ogs noe som heter leapfrogging '' og det gr ut p at innovasjon i f.eks .
norge vil fre til at land som industrialiseres senere enn oss vil hoppe over mange av fasene vi har vrt gjennom og lande rett p grnn energi .
s det du sier er faktisk ganske langt fra sannheten .
om du ikke snakker om atomkraftverk s stiller jeg meg skeptisk til at vindmller og solceller noen gang kommer til dekke brorparten av energibehovet til et u-land i rask utvikling .
hydro er mye bedre men ikke alle som har vret eller geografien til det samt s regnes det ikke som grnt lenger pga hvordan det pvirker naturen .
personlig s hper jeg at vi fr til fusjon i den nrme fremtiden .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
thanks that 's my plan rn i started playing this game bc of a tapjoy order for another game and needed to get 8 legendary units within 3 weeks .
now i 'm just working on the final order need 1 m hero before the order expires in 7 days .
after that i 'll probably play afkarena more optimally lol
any tips on how i can get more fodder quickly ?
they came out yesterday and fixed it but it broke in 2.5 hours again .
they came out an hour and half ago so i 'm hopeful .
i do n't want to be vengeful and i 'm not out for money but i feel the whole situation was ridiculous as they told me it was n't an emergency unless it 100 outside even though my house was 92 at the start
having a domestic vaccine passport would drive me nuts .
i feel like it 's just going to create a divide in quebec
you keep saying goodbye but keep coming back i appreciate it !
you must be emotionally involved now do you feel like you should win '' this argument that you think we have ?
if so i concede and you win you can now sleep soundly .
i have aphantasia but i can write a story poem etc about anything .
i can look at a picture and come up with a story whether it 's happy sad etc .
i 've gotten inspiration just looking at a wooden bridge .
aphantasia is when you do n't have a minds eye .
so if you close your eyes and you can eventually see a rainbow i ca n't do that .
a further example is i know '' what an apple looks like .
but if i close my eyes i do n't see '' an apple .
i have n't given any opinions on sex in this thread other than to practice it safely .
encouraging someone to have safe sex and to be weary of who they being into their children 's home is not slut-shaming .
my nephew has his birthday on sunday so i 'm excited for that
i want to add that the question i am asking is also referring to allowing the government to determine what should or should n't be done to our bodies that belong to god .
crying because your life did n't turn out how you thought it would is every teens worst nightmare .
little do they realise that no one knows at the age in which they 're asked this ridiculous question what the outcome will be .
therefore teachers should refrain from asking the question in the first place as it 's redundant and holds no bearing on the final outcome in one 's life .
you seem like a great guy but just go away
big trades didnt get us out of our post all-star game slump .
i 'd actually argue that tenrou was far more of a game changer for the course of the series then tartaros .
not least of which being that almost all the reveals and impact that occurs in tartaros are predicated on events that happened in tenrou .
climate change could lead to all of those dry lake beds to cease to be dry under them might be a bad place to be if the water table rises .
tunnels in mountains containing both strong igneous rocks and permeable limestone would potentially provide structural stability as well as access to underground streams .
lmfao i didnt see the subreddit and i was like okay so the first option is for fiora mains .
im a fiora main too so i clicked on it .
she 's also my main but i havent played her in a while .
third is for camille players and the last one is for tahm kench .
kat did and op literally censored half of her billboard because he is a child .
have you ever been in a high school fight ?
i 've commented that it was a good clean scrap .
the idea that you know all about the lead up to this is ridiculous .
it 's actually a pretty big issue in many koala communities .
you have the ability to hit parallel that 's for certain .
before you start a set stand on your heels and clench your glutes .
then let your feet fall flat on the ground .
your feet will be at the angle you should be squatting with .
i 'd be willing to bet your stance could widen a little too .
start at shoulder width and adjust out an inch each side until you feel what 's right for you .
your knees should track with your foot angle throughout the rep .
i 'm not specific to one way or another that inevitably reduces the cost of competitive commander to a point that is achievable by most players .
i just hate having to have to either proxy or have a piece of power on standby for just about any deck that i would competitively build .
also you get 2 dashes every 5 seconds when heat rising is active
there have to be at least two cars because these guys are n't in the same one .
his ssp1 is a solid choice it feels really nice and has 35 round mags
when i found out about the fire 3 hours late i closed my windows for 24 hours .
but still being an ocd sufferer i 'm very concerned .
stardew valley is n't really my style of game and i still have 100 hours and will play an in-game week from time to time .
take me out to the holosuite ds9 season 7 episode 4
stockings are two separate thigh-high garments one for each leg .
do n't the guy that sleeps in the bed did the lighting .
i just looked up the word sport '' in the dictionary to be sure .
and i do n't think that word mean whatever it is you think it mean .
given the life experience of the average nhler it 's way more than a quarter .
it 's an insular culture of almost entirely rich white people with little exposure to different ideas .
i bet a ton of people would hate their favorite player if they knew their political beliefs .
15 miles is the length of approximately 48280.2 'logitech wireless keyboard k350s ' laid widthwise by each other
probably squeezing the grip too tight we 've all been there .
ca n't shake the shanks so you try harder and squeeze tighter ca n't swing loose and free
when i saw edls i bounced and went to get my dinner
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/latinas if you have any questions or concerns .
the point is why say something you have no clue is correct if you ca n't just say them/they .
yeah right like they are going to flip the vote
phi definitely is n't cheap either not for the type of hospital cover that covers breast surgery .
i mean definitely take a look around at different policies you never know !
damn glad to hear you have success with younger then you
haha i doubt it 'll ever happen but it 'll be awesome ! !
i 'll do my best to grind hard for 100k though ! !
3 3 thankyouu for the support it means the world
go find the closest mysore style classes and you will find your own way .
ashtanga requires a good balance between flexibility and strength .
if v5s jungler got fined a month salary for not taking smite what happens to kt lol
har ett flertal utlndska mnniskor i min omgivning s dra inte upp det kortet .
eller nej inte ens vnner bara mnniskor i min omgivning '' .
i 'm repeatedly asking how it fits into the lore and you 've yet to answer is all .
sometimes there is orange juice in there i drink seltzer through the day and some days include more or less of something .
if i feel like eating carbs like rice or spelt bread i will .
ok this is now just cruelty trying to cajole the poor thing around the course let the fucking horse rest ffs it could get injured .
and we ca n't even play next gen on pc if we wanted to mod .
life does n't work like that people do n't deserve to be tortured or killed but they are anyway of course it 's wrong and deeply unfair but it still happened .
in this case though what kind of trouble could they possibly get in ?
what difference does a few bags of random garbage make ?
they just refuse to spend any money on cleanup .
probably hoping that people will somehow clean up themselves and the problem will go away .
but that is wishful thinking even a 3 year old realises will never happen .
these huge piles of debris and garbage will just continue to grow .
if local people find a way to dispose of it they will just dump it somewhere else illegally .
kitchen filters are meant for use cases like yours where the water is basically fine and you just want to improve the flavor .
backpacking filters are much more effective and water purification systems more so .
in an area where water quality is an ongoing problem it could be a good idea to invest in a decent filtration or purification system .
yes they were precluded from the crowdsale but dot has been available on exchanges for a year now this month .
dot has been available on american exchanges so i would assume many american 's have been involved over the past year .
the only almost illegal position '' any american may have had was if they had somehow taken place in the crowdsale .
it is perfectly legal now to buy sell trade stake etc .
this bill not only affects polkadot though but the entire space overall from bitcoin to ethereum and down the list especially pos of any iteration of pos blockchains .
the us government complains about pow and how horrible it is for the environment and then launches a full on attack against pos .
this bill affects bitcoins ln lightning network as well however .
it 's so far reaching that either it does n't pass or the us just becomes a complete authoritarian place to live if it is n't already .
it 's crazy to watch how far the land of the free '' has slowly progressed into a damn near communist dictatorship authoritarian dictatorship .
i got pfizer and my arm was just super sore both times but that 's it
man i got sucked into something similar right after graduating college .
they posted the job as a marketing agency i quit after 1 week .
you know messi is 34 and has like 1-2 years left right ?
grealish is 25 and is already a class player with a lot potential to improve ...
do you understand how football works or do you just know who messi and ronaldo are ?
yeh its like dominos one falls others be falling too .
just nice and clean metal looking and probably the best armour in the game .
by signing free agents when he knows he needs to get the wage bill down ?
i also wanted to put this keyboard on my laptop 's one so i wanted to know how to disable keybord of my laptop
edit i 've already tried to do this process but when i reboot the pc it just goes back to default .
sueing for damages is a civil matter but that doesnt stop her from also reporting the crime and requesting that a criminal case be brought to bear which is also appropriate and may even help ops attempts to get restitution in a parallel civil case
he should go with dwight for ultimate rim protection and working down low
they exist and have group funtions/dates all the time .
there you can meet a gal or two to go on dates .
i 'm a good little boy in lockdown waiting for my chicken nuggets to come out of the oven
my blowwave takes 40 minutes plus to do very frizzy curly hair so the idea of cutting down the time it takes is really appealing .
daaang 5k more and you have full srs in thailand .
selvskabet dukker frst op 2030 sydlandsk tid s jeg kan nok n at drikke mig fuld og blive ok dru igen
if scientists told you the sky was blue you 'd say it was green .
i only noticed it could do that after 60 games with snorlax felt so dumb once i found out .
do n't ask me what the roll does extra damage ? ?
it 's a bit pretentious but still a good read .
 vero in pi quei pochi compagni che facevano sport da semiprofessionisti venivano praticamente puniti dai professori invece di essere aiutati ... spero sia migliorata un po ' nel tempo
that 's not bad actually is your currency in frag grenades or land mines ?
i like the fact i get mad at the zenkais being busted yet i do n't play pvp lol
we do n't need to explore '' what we 've already explored . ''
uh just moving in does n't put your name on the mortgage .
there is a console thingy on the wall on the left side as you look at the wall that you can access that lets you make modules and prawn arms .
think you can have it in any room does n't need to be a moonpool actually .
this just means they are making what used to be well off or middle class into the new poor
i just think the guy that posts this every day is a loser and i wanted to beat him to the post this morning .
info https np.reddit.com/user/getvideobot/comments/iiea4t/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for getvideobot 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for getvideobot
no trucks in japan rarely have front bumpers on trucks like that
what a race between harrie lavreysen and jeffrey hoogland !
... i have no idea why people are downvoting you .
my vps can access my minecraft server directly over port 25565 at its internal ip-address in a dedicated vlan .
for the rest of my traffic i 've set up a iptables rule which forwards port 443 to my nginx wan proxy server at home .
so as soon as someone queries my domain name or subdomain for that matter it 's forwarded using iptables to my nginx wan proxy and dealt with at home .
this nginx vm once again in a seperate vlan with as much restrictions as possible then forwards the appropriate ports in my network using http mainly .
since it 's all locked down 'behind the scenes ' the only encryption which matters is https from my proxy via the vps to the clients .
i also have a internal nginx lan server with a wildcard certificate for all my other services which i do n't want accessible via my vps for those services i just make a wireguard connection from my laptop running arch and then use my internal dns proxy server when on the go .
honestly is blyke cuz he gave the most trouble while john was playing king .
reason whi i dont think its clair bcs he went back to clair and went for forgiveness .
that would be a potential story for another time 
do n't wana play this mode anymore they just ruined it .
maybe it wo n't make a difference but think of it this way .
if 100 people call in and at least 1 results in actionable results that prevents a spread it could mean the difference of someone living or dying .
best thing about it was the amount of comments slagging off the post after we had been exhonorated .
facts i feel like em lose his confidence and with that some of his swag .
can india please hurry up and collapse i bought my sky subscription to watch dom sibley spoon it to backwards square leg none of this rishabh pant nonsense
the other type of faith that annoyingly has the same word and can be used in the same context is
faith a practical acted on belief in a singular given concept or idea that you have not personally tested but you trust the answer given to you by someone who has*or atleast claims to and that you trust .
a faith see definition in previous comment is comprised thousands or even tens of thousands of smaller faiths '' see definition earlier in this comment woven together to form a singular over arching narrative that is filled out enough to potentially live their entire life within its structure
may your screws go in the first time the cables be long enough to manage and the graphics card ram and processor seating be smooth !
knowing motorcycle riders amd being one i 'd say he 'll get a louder one .
you wo n't feel very empowered and there will be less peace and quiet .
too bad it is so expensive i 've tried it twice and i could not contain myself so i ate them in one go raw .
that picture is not of hard beaten cheese although it is the first one that comes up when you google it .
you sound like the yeah but 2 of rape cases are false kind of people .
i was unsure if i should tag this as nsfw but i think there are no titties these are two bishops
i 'd love to see a tail in it .
what we get is hentai i dont think thats what we want
you used the item 'bow of grossly unbalanced combat ' and did 15 extra havoc damage .
your bow of grossly unbalanced combat has 9 uses remaining .
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
have n't watched the game but what are these penalties like watching england all over again
20 years ago i got my first fake id at this intersection
i am all of these depending on how far i am into my run i am .
yeah but the stipends are usually poverty wages and you 're looking at 30-40k/year for post doc positions .
the pay is not commensurate with how demanding the positions are .
we do n't even fully discover what lies beneath the seas and deep forest yet we still can find new species so what make them can claim in this ridiculously big fucking universe only earth have lifeforms ?
would n't bother taking off your bowling shoes jimmy you 'll be back on by 5
but also that implies those other places are letting their homeless freeze to death which is the real issue
if you do pull ups while hanging you can upgrade your grip and you can hang for longer .
this can be very useful when hiding from enemies waiting for them to pass by while hanging .
it 's a spanish language song mi historia entre tus dedos . ''
it 's a man talking to the woman he loves after a breakup .
he 's struggling with feelings of anger and sadness .
i think you 're the god favorite for having that many ssr cards
the place was bought out and i thought he was gone .
a couple of years ago a woman claimed that the bartenders and security drugged her and sent her off with a rando that did a sexual crime to the woman .
it caused a big hubbbub but it was all untrue and the websites pushing it recently got hit pretty hard with court awarded penalties because everything the woman said turned out to be a lie .
the woman met the guy outside of hmac when it was closed they met her friend .
the friend dropped her and the guy off at a place then hours later and he committed his crime .
i tend to believe victims as well but this one that blamed hmac did n't really have anything to do with hmac and there is no way the bar could have prevented an attack hours after the bar had closed .
i think i have picked wrong guys prioritizing something else than sexual compatibility because i do n't want to be too picky '' and wind up alone with 10 cats .
more advice is welcome because to be honest once a week would only be a compromise for me .
after grey was stabbed mimi proceeded to change her costume which certainly had blood due to the splatter with maya which is why miney gets the key .
after that turner fought back and tried to shoot miney even though he missed which led to a bullet hitting the folding screen the box and only then maya 's sleeve and that 's how the bullethole appeared .
you could correct me but i do n't think there is a plothole here .
when i worked at mcdonald 's one summer the compactor for the outside dumpster jammed .
yeah days of mcdonald 's trash baking in 100 degree weather was a pleasant aroma
just stop it guys dont reply this shitty comment .
it seems more along than cp 's but they said it 'll have costumes from the netflix show .
not the most definitive clue it 's coming but better than nothing .
i 'm not convinced they 'll ever directly buff characters after zhongli and part of why zhongli was buffed was because of cn outcry as wellbas what zhongli represents as a character to china .
have we even see a direct post-launch buff to anyone beyond the one admittedly pretty needed and big instance with zhongli ?
if anything i think asking for an electro buff would be a more likely solution since it helps mhy actively make money by making future electro characters more desirable .
bumradman scored more than triple the runs scored by pujara kohli and rahane combined
i may have read pimp incorrectly the first time though .
very care free man could leave at dawn and come back at dusk no worries .
that is so cool man that makes my day to see younger generations enjoying things i grew up on .
if people like you do n't preserve and educate all of this nostalgia will be lost someday .
i have a retro arcade cabinet in my basement with 4,500 games and my kids 10 6 and 5 love playing on that thing .
we also have a ps5 but i always find myself retro gaming .
i think i beat ocarina of time like 3 times in the past year haha !
have you ever see the movie ready player one ?
also check out king of kong and high score on netflix if you have n't already !
to say more than how are you to 20 .
and maybe 2-3 will stick around long term as off and on fwb .
with little to no additional connection as everyone 's plates and options are too full to keep value or nurture any one connection with one person .
you do know how that format is meant to be used right ?
that is a very good point so thank you for making it .
for sure i agree with you but holmes is one of the better centers in the league at switching .
but holmes still gets targeted plenty that 's why his foul rate is so high .
for what it 's worth to you i do believe bagley is improving and at least shows effort on d. he looked great towards the end of last season .
the pacers game he was pretty dominant at both ends and showed glimpses of what he could be with experience and consistency .
there 's even a highlight block in that game where he kept up with aaron holiday on a switch .
so i could see why another fanbase could talk themselves into his potential .
hey guys my discord is now open for everyone to join !
many calibers are organized so you can focus only on what you need .
i finished the ones i have now is ng time
that 's pretty much what their doing they build it fly it either crash or land it and then learn from its data then repeat
a good answer ... you 're going to want to continue the dark tower and the drawing of the three is many people 's favorite .
i have 2 acres so it 's way more country than suburban .
i could n't be happier out therestill close enough to come into downtown austin for music and such a quiet escape and a beautiful landscape .
the r/windows subreddit is currently not accepting tech support type posts at this time .
if you are having an issue with windows or any of its built in software or functions you can submit a new post on r/windowshelp .
for all other issues you should post on r/techsupport .
this includes 3rd party software issues hardware issues networking issues and so on .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/windows if you have any questions or concerns .
i guess there 's no point in having a debate since we ca n't even agree on words
sure it 's entertaining but these shots are awful bar one
if the power reserve indicator on the back works correctly this is 100 genuine .
lookin ' a bit too hard there squirrely dan .
no seriously i hope you have a great day and whatever might be bothering you lets up .
the only thing that 's bothering '' me is the vapid stupidity of some of the contributors in this sub most of whom did n't know that the beatles existed before acquiring their vinyl copy of 'revolver ' two weeks ago and now feel that they are sufficiently knowledgeable to belch forth their worthless opinions on topics of which they know nothing .
in this horrendous act it is shown of a female making a drinkable smoothie widely known for its delightful taste with multiple ingredients but due to the fact that she is not normal she has named the drink the sussy baka '' .
this sadly shows no levels in humor nor any levels of interest from my peers .
while the name sussy baka '' is considered funny '' it depicts the true essence of this video .
all these questions can be used to show why this video could be a jest a hoax many more .
he 's already had to live in maradona 's shadow .
i had a theory that the durselys treated harry over the top bad because he had corrupted them with his little piece of voldemort .
look how the locket affected the people around it .
harry was in direct proximity with them for like 10 years straight .
my personal experience 3 weeks post op hysterectomy for adenomyosis and excision surgery for my endometriosis is that my abdomen feels completely normal for lack of a better word .
maybe a little less heavy but i definitely do n't feel an absence or anything shifting .
edited to add there was bloating in weeks 1-2 from the gas used during surgery but it seems to be getting better the further out i get .
i 've been pretty on top of my pain meds prescription dor the first 2 1/2 weeks otc since then and for me the pain is no worse than a bad adeno/endo flare .
so far i have absolutely no regrets and would do it again if i had to
had this idea but i 'm a male and or ugly
also coulda been a car coming up in the passing lane
he was late on apple late on google thought amazon was going to fail bought into ibm at the worst time and did n't even consider microsoft even after meeting bill gates himself .
studio is n't really the issue more about for gigs haha always wanting to get paid well and shit !
i agree with u/elissa-megan-powers you start evans next drive .
it wo n't fix the abhorrent oline play but he could generate a spark .
the ticats are n't totally out of it yet and there 's almost 2 quarters left to play .
but they do look cool and i bet they feel great lightly grazing your scalp lol .
it 's not about being worth it it 's about not needing to tediously resize/re-encode the cover art that i already have .
i pull all my cover art from itunes with album art downloader and it 's usually very high res and file size at least for modern releases .
then i just encode my flacs to lossy with foobar and it automatically copies each cover art jpg from source album folder to target album folder in one simple operation at encode time .
if i have to add another step to resize all the image files it makes things immensely more mind-numbing to deal with .
during covid with many theatres limiting seating it 's entirely possible that the theatre takes the first say 40 people in line .
if the person requiring wheelchair accessibility is n't in those first 40 seats they are n't entitled to be allowed in for that show .
this is n't buying tickets to a specific time like a free standing movie theater it 's included in an entrance fee .
i 've been to several theaters like this with my mobility aid and my sister in her wheelchair .
if we 're in the first 40 we are flagged for the accessible seats sometimes they let us in first sometimes not .
if we 're not in the first 40 we have to wait until we actually are in the first 40 .
covid limits have made a lot of things more complicated .
in this case it sounds like they expected to not have to wait in line like everyone else and just jump the line and were mad they had to wait like everyone else .
wheelchairs are usually the first loaded and the last off for ease of movement and time .
it 's easier to move the wheelchair or mobility aid when strangers are n't jostling all around you .
i 've been to a lot of movies sometimes with 10 people in wheelchairs and unless it 's a 100 sold out movie it 's rare to have to worry about seating in a movie theater .
bruh the ones that were n't played before hit so different
click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=notifier-bot subject=oyxton message=click 20 27send 27 20to 20be 20notified 20if 20op 20marks 20 27 5btomt 5d 5bmovie 5d 20bullying 20vhs 20we 20watched 20in 20school 27 20as 20solved 2e 20you 20should 20receive 20a 20confirmation 20pm 20soon 2e 0a 0a 0a 0amake 20sure 20the 20message 20subject 20says 20 27oyxton 27 20before 20sending 2e 0a 0aofficial 20reddit 20app 20users 20might 20need 20to 20type 20something 20in 20the 20message 20body 20before 20the 20send 20button 20is 20enabled 2e if you 'd like to be notified when this post is solved .
we see you are posting about a lost or found pet .
please refer to our lost pet guidance wiki page https www.reddit.com/r/chicago/wiki/lostpet for the proper steps you should be taking .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chicago if you have any questions or concerns .
i had a hood like that long ago your 's is much much better .
this looks like it has everything i need thank you !
that 's true but op missed a trick here it 's more illustrative to show that all the highly vaccinated countries are seeing strangely unseasonal spikes in covid cases either very recently or continuing to see a rise in cases esp .
compared to last summer yes i 'm talking specifically about northern hemisphere countries see graph https ourworldindata.org/explorers/coronavirus-data-explorer ? zoomtoselection=true time=2020-03-01..latest facet=none pickersort=asc pickermetric=location metric=confirmed+cases interval=7-day+rolling+average relative+to+population=true align+outbreaks=false country=usa~gbr~can~deu~ita~ind~nld~cyp~mlt~are~isr~tha
the notion is that the vaccines help prevent '' infection despite them being system vaccines that do not provide mucosal immunity .
so why are we seeing spikes either recent or current in cases in highly vaccinated countries ?
and there 's 25 days of atleast 2k per day before that .
worst case scenario is 150k a month but towards the end you 'll be getting a minimum of 18k per day from it
if you have n't watched it yet gravity falls is amazing no matter how old you are .
you keep bringing it up because it bothers you i said it too .
baking as long as the food is coming out well
wait i 've never even had a wife what the
our best performing aspect of the early vaccine rollout was done by volunteers .
they deserve to be knighted and i do n't even care that we do n't do that in canada .
50 km is a looking fucking way and anyone who 's ever had to speed walk even half a mile knows that shit hurts
there are many like it but this one is mine .
i 'll be in a hot dog suit and i 'm looking for sunday sunday sunday !
the electric grid system needs to be upgraded big time and not with solar panels or bird killing wind turbines .
sounds like he just wants a real-life fantasy pet not a partner .
i wonder if you look like his previous and future girlfriends and are beginning to differ too much from his ideal image .
he would 've but the coaches are trying to gauge what each rb can do by leaving them each in for a whole quarter it seems .
it now animates horizontally to respect the opening of the widgets panel .
there are ignorant people everywhere and there are informed people everywhere .
generally all over the us it 's cities vs rural areas .
cities tend to be much more progressive and have a better understanding of the rest of the world while rural areas tend to be the opposite
i 'm really curious to see how it will all be wrapped up at the same time a lot has happened kinda nothing really happened ?
it seems a lot of construction and base for a larger campaign i do n't know
i took it as a sincere moment of saying goodbye to his friends .
and he also wanted to publically praise his sister for being such a wonderful person .
i think they did the right thing by showing it and then letting him leave in peace .
found these critters just now on one of my squash plants .
there are a lot as you can see on the picture but there does not appear to be any damage to the plant .
i try to be entirely pesticide free and use low-impact options like pyrethrum and neem oil when i do use pesticides .
i 'm just going to monitor the situation for the moment but was hoping someone could identify them so i can know what to expect .
my entomological knowledge is limited to a few books .
i 'm guessing it 's either some sort of true bug or beetle ?
been gardening in the north east us for twenty years and never found this particular critter in my garden .
ca n't find it any of the vermont-specific bestiaries i 've looked through online .
honestly is n't worth it when you get all those dupes .
of course ... but so frustrating getting the same pieces of armour over and over again .
weapon duplicates are way different but armor is so blah .
i recently bought a wi-fi cards for my pc build but i have a problem where my graphics card blocks my pcie slot .
should i buy a bigger case or both a motherboard and a case ?
if i need to buy something please recommend a good product .
i would like to keep the motherboard prove below 150 and the case below 100 .
my mom and i have a stereotypical asian mother-daughter relationship in that my backside has been well acquainted with belts slippers and coat hangers throughout childhood and this really is stereotypical you see memes about it on asian ig or twitter communities and so many people relate .
as an adult my relationship with her has progressed to ... not close but also not distant .
that said i often find myself letting my guard down and ranting to her about some random things in my life about work or whatever and almost every .
she will find a way to turn it around and make it my fault .
just today i let off a minor rant about how my neighbor aggressively dumped water on my plants so hard that it splashed soil onto the leaves and even uprooted/flattened a couple of the small ones and her response ?
well do n't put your pots outside if you do n't want the neighbor watering them .
maybe you have n't been watering them enough so he felt the need to water them for you .
it 's just water why are you getting so mad ? ''
literally her tirade was twice as long as my original statement .
and she has the talent to do this with just about any topic .
what sucks even more is that i sometimes catch myself doing this too with my friends where they would rant and my brain would find a way to justify the person or thing they 're ranting about .
i 've gotten better and holding my tongue when i have those thoughts and just letting people rant away but damn i wish my mom would have that kind of self-awareness too .
i texted came out to my dad over text i 'm just waiting for a reply i 'm so oh hey he just replied ! ! !
he said that he supports me and stuff i 'm so happy rn vufisezrdycyvivupvucyctcyvuuv
i 'm looking for an arm64 laptop that i can run arch linux on .
ideally with at least 8gb of ram and 128gb of storage but i can settle for 4gb/64gb .
i was considering the pinebook pro but i 'm not sure when this will be available for sale .
i also looked into the lenovo c630 but it looks like this is lacking graphics acceleration .
i am aware that there are few good options .
hey i hope this is n't a long post .
so my best friend 21m is dating my high school ex 21f .
my ex and i dated for a couple of weeks when we were 14 .
it was an insignificant high school relationship no love or commitment just two teenagers exploring the world of relationships .
i did n't keep in close contact with her after we broke up but my best friend and her were always very close .
nothing happened between them prior to our relationship their relationship was very platonic until they both reached 18 and started catching feelings because they had grown very close during these 3/4 years .
my friend shyly confessed that he likes the girl and he was hesitant because he was scared of my reaction .
i do n't even consider my ex an actual ex .
it was just a fun couple of weeks and did n't workout nothing serious .
i told him to go for it thumbs up .
so he started getting closed to her eventually and after a year they officially started dating and i am rooting for them .
some friends from college found out about the whole relationship and how it got developed and started calling my best friend a fake friend who went behind my back and slut shamed his gf for dating both of us .
honestly all of us involved are fine with it but my college friends tell me i 'm weak for allowing this to happen since i 'm having no self respect by letting my friend and his whore '' as they called her walk all over me .
i told them to mind their business and never insult my best friend or his gf again and called me ta for confronting them when they were trying to help me .
i really do n't think i did anything wrong here but just for the sake of some outside perspective aita ?
i have never sucked a cock before and want to try .
also down for mutual oral getting fucked fucking you whatever .
i 'm starting my fall semester pretty soon and during the summer i decided to switch majors to something i enjoy more .
however upon dropping unnecessary classes to enroll into required classes i saw that there was a hold on my account .
i was n't able to enroll until i paid my university what i owed them .
i checked my balance and saw that i had lost my scholarships .
i thought i had been in the clear after being told by an advisor that i had enough credits due to ap credit from high school since i was worried that i would n't be considered full time after dropping a class last fall .
i did however end up taking a big hit to my gpa due to a lot of personal issues .
however due to covid my school allowed for failed classes to become no credit classes alleviating a lot of gpas during zoom university .
i was aware of one scholarship being on hold until my gpa met the minimum but i still had another that i thought would be on the back burner .
i probably should 've looked more into it but it was my advisor who told me i would be safe and i trusted her .
she 'd been working there for years and it was my first year of university why would n't i ?
i had a full ride to this university and now i owe x amount of money to just enroll in classes for next fall .
it is n't pocket change and i already feel the burden on my family .
i have looked at sallie mae probably my best option and need a way to tell my parents that i need them to be a co-signer .
i 'm scared knowing that they probably still think i have a full ride and should n't need to worry about finances as much .
i absolutely feel terrible as we do n't make much and just went through many financial hardships due to the personal problems mentioned above .
i 've applied for so many jobs and plan to
i also do n't expect to apply for a loan for next year so it really is just a difficult time for us financially .
i just need a way to tell them what happened .
also we are an ethnic family which is a detail i should probably add .
tl dr i lost my scholarships temporarily and i owe money to my university i do n't know how to tell my parents i need a loan .
so poolboy is now producing some cannabis under the 314 pure name .
so far they only have powered doughnuts in bud and pre roll however they just came out with a hash stick and a keif infused joint .
im just wondering if anyone has tried the keif and hash and what they are like .
my family insists that the saying is off on a limb '' but everyone else i 've asked says it 's on a whim '' .
i 'm looking for a bakery that sells whole loaves of unsliced bread .
i know panera does some bread but i 'm specifically looking for rye and they do n't have it .
i 'm looking to get involved with the warhammer fantasy series aiming to get a feel for the series with some novels to get an idea for the races and general background prior to selecting an army to purchase and paint .
can anyone please recommend any of the books to either start with or provide a link for a good reading list ?
a place for members of r/noobnorway to chat with each other
main question how obvious is it for you higher level chess players to understand that pushing the c or e pawn on move 17 is a good move ?
in the game i moved my knight because i thought that pushing either pawns leads to his d pawn push that is uncomfortable to deal with .
i do n't have a dark colored bishop anymore so i 'm afraid of the power of his .
my queen side doubled c pawn structure looks potentially pretty ugly and i 'd never do bxa .
is pushing the c pawn good because it either 1 tries to make use of my doubled pawn while getting rid of a weakness or 2 because of the discover attack by the light squared bishop for blacks unprotected b pawn or 3 both ?
i was also worried of his one pawn progressing too far into my territory resulting in sufficient compensation for black .
even if his pieces were far away i thought that the queen and bishop would have a lot of room for damage especially without an f pawn .
my one tactical plan did happen in game where his uncastled king allowed me to take on e6 but i wonder if i could have understood my advantage better .
are the pawn pushes a computer move or should i know it as a human ?
could it be about opening up the center quickly ?
a cool trap the computer showed me was if 21 ... bxa3 22 .
so i 've seen some myers saying spam does n't exist and i 'm just gon na say ur wrong .
if a guy is just running and using bd when it gets off of cool down while not using any other move that 's spam .
if a twoh is just running then using its 70 combo then running and spamming knives until he can at again that 's called spamming .
and for gods sake how the he 'll is d4c clones not spamming ?
kq btd users just running and spamming sha and doing a bomb chain without even landing any other move that 's called spam .
even if a move has a giant cd it can still be spammed .
you ca n't spam awakening or how cuz those are passive buffs .
but cw is a spam able move even though it has a giant cd since if the scr is just running and playing cool downs he 's spamming cw whether u like it or not .
tl dr any move can be spammed even if it has a large cool down but passives ca n't be spammed yes star finger is spam able deal with it
where can i find the contact info for flight surgeons in california or ohio ?
i 'm putting together my aviation packet for the ca arng .
i already passed the flight physical while at cadet summer training at fort knox .
however i need to submit a copy of the physical which i have been unable to access to the ca arng for my packet .
i already tried using my personal computer an rotc computer a ng armory 's computer and an mwr computer .
the only option i know of at this point is to meet with a flight surgeon and ask them to send the physical on my behalf .
however i know of no flight surgeons in the state .
also if anyone knows why i ca n't access the website please do tell .
here is the home page https medcoe.army.mil/saam https medcoe.army.mil/saam which has a hyperlink to the flight physical portal
currently have the trooper and looking to upgrade as it 's pretty beat up and i feel like i want more storage .
i 'm kind of looking at the commander because i really like the open concept and how easy it is to grab discs out of it and i also like the storage .
i just do n't know if i want that big of a bag but i ca n't seem to find a smaller bag with that same concept .
looking to spend about 200 at most but preferably 100-150 .
at the end of the episode i think gossip girl will finally be the one in control like how we saw gossip girl character in ogg .
i just hope that gg will be a separate character from kate when the season ends .
i got it at the thrift store months ago for maybe 3 and the people just labeled it as a dvd player .
well apparently it 's more than that it 's called game wave basically a failed canadian game console .
i bought it with all the remotes included 6 total and one game already inserted .
bought the house last year that came with a new septic system that had to be mounded up .
contractor used shit seed with garbage fill and had crab grass overtakey back yard .
i tried to oversees in the fall with some success and recently hit the mound with milorganic .
clearly my scotts edgeguard spreader has some issues see checkerboard pattern that i will fix .
recently picked up a dethacher and aerator and will make some plugs on the mound this weekend before hitting with 10-10-10 and more milorganic based on soil sample testing deficient in all n-p-k to set myself up for overseeing towards early september .
will lay down some pre-emergent in the spring to get ahead of the crabgrass any other pointers would be much appreciated .
still reading through the umass amherst extension turf management report .
taking a few runs through the boards by myself to get back into the flow of the game .
if anyone wants help or a person to do a run through with it 's friday i 'm off till monday and the wife and kids are sleeping .
send me a dm here or get me on ps network .
i 'm learning german and recently learned about the difference between essen '' and fressen '' namely that essen '' is used for when people eat and fressen '' is used for when animals eat .
if furries i presume consider themselves to be animals would they use fressen '' in daily life ?
i 'm not trying to push any sort of opinions on furries or any other lifestyle this is purely out of sheer dumb curiosity .
apologies if this came off as offensive or insensitive in some way .
our lo is three and a half months old and about 20lbs .
snoo has been working amazing but recently we 've noticed a clicking when it 's at baseline motion .
we can kind of fidget with the mattress andrew it to go away for a few seconds but it keeps coming back .
i get the feeling it 's a weight thing since it does n't make the clicking sound if the snoo is on without him in it sometimes we click in the sack to start the white noise as part of our bedtime routine and then put him in there when he 's ready to go down .
anyone else with a big baby have this issue ?
maybe we will need to transition out soon but he 's been sleeping so well at night and i 'm terrified of the four month regression !
after a record 21 straight 1v2/1v3s in 2v2 i claimed up to d2 most of them were 1v2s and then i got smacked back down to g3 .
i had 16 straight games of at least 3 intentional own goals .
i 've had to disable chat entirely it 's gotten so bad .
and i always get the better player on my team who can ariel and bump me off the ball intentionally from the ceiling to prevent me from scoring ...
asking for a friend that has had a boating accident recently .
the architecture office building floor plan cad drawing consists of the administration office reception area working desk burnished concrete floor polished without coloring supervision and settlement unit address and staircase with lift detail .
also has a column layout plan with dimension and furniture detail in dwg file .
since the middle of season 9 apex legends has been able to load on my pc .
the game boots just fine and gets through the respawn entertainment and panic button loadscreens fine .
but once you reach the section with bloodhound and seer the game freezes before even displaying a data center .
im not fully sure what to do but any help is appreciated .
i am 18 and all characters and participants must be 18
1 were my family contains me my mom and my sister and right before the pandemic hit we were all in paris france with the smell of sex and romance in the air i had to have a connection with someone i want expecting to fall for my family
2 when i was a kid i was awful and i know that so my parents sent me away to military school now i 'm back but no one expect how much i changed
3 i have been living on my own for a few years but my sister really pissed my parents off now she lived with me but it 's not so bad
4 when my mother gave birth to me she was 15 so she gave me up for adoption but now i 'm back and i 'm looking for family but maybe i become the head of the house now
5 im going to college and i decide to stay with my god fearing grandma ... .
but i am a nonreligious metalhead wo is a complete sinner that influencees my grandma
7 i also have more extreme rps in mind if your completely limitless
i am mostly limitless but message me with your limits and idea ... ..
i 'm looking for a brand new sealed mp32 optimus primal .
do any of the websites you frequent have it in stock ?
there 's always going to be people that we love so much and wish they loved us but don't.. that we just have to get ourselves away from.. they are going to try and make you feel like an obligation a burden like your not worth it like you owe them something when you don't.. they are going to shy away from you during your highs and lows block you out hate on you as soon as you turn your back.. they are the ones who manipulate you into thinking you 've done something wrong when you didn't.. the ones who you can give so much to and do so much for but it 's never enough.. those are the broken people who are the ones that you really should n't be around for your mental emotional and physical sake because they are not fixable in your hands you should not feel like you have to fix them and do n't try to fix them because they have to fix themselves.. go where you feel loved go where you feel worth because it 's out there it really is.. you 'll know when someone is doing these things because they will make you feel poorly and when you finally have the courage to go somewhere where you actually feel loved and worth they will turn it around on you and victimize themselves saying you left me instead of being happy for you to do what 's best for you.. these definitely are the kind of people that you should let go in order to better yourself..
obviously there were people who were alive in the 1930s and saw a thylacine .
and there are people who were alive in the 1930s who are still alive now .
what i 'm wondering is if there 's any overlap between the two .
is there a person still alive today who was alive before benjamin died and saw her in person ?
or another thylacine i 'm not sure if the ones at the london zoo for example would have higher odds since london has a higher population than hobart .
never thought i could be used to being the bad guy
take time for yourself and figure out who you wan na be .
appreciate the the little things may be all you have .
never thought i 'd finally be content with me .
hi i 'm coming into university pretty soon like next year or so and am currently researching for laptops i could use .
it 's going to be my main go-to computer for the entirety of uni i do n't really have any other pc laptop so i 'm hoping the device can fit a variety of use cases .
will be adding the questionnaire below but here are the main things i 'm looking for
13-14inch preferred but 15 inch is good too if it fits the weight .
long battery life i 'm really enticed by the m1 macbook 's battery life but am seeing if there 's anything else that can be an alternative with eg .
a colour accurate 100 srgb pls a bright screen 400 nits preferred 350 nits is fine
a good comfortable keyboard with backlit keys i 'll most probably going to be working at night
idm getting parallels on a mac just to play it if the mac can handle it
light video/photo editing i 'm planning to explore video/photo editing in the future as a hobby
long lasting i 'm going to be using this for like 5 years or more
questionnairetotal budget in local currency and country of purchase .
please do not use usd unless purchasing in the us
how would you prioritize form factor ultrabook 2-in-1 etc .
build quality budget is pretty big so i 'm hoping for something a little premium
form factor i do n't really mind if it 's a 2-in-1 or not
very important as i will be carrying this laptop around a lot .
14 inches is preferred but 13 inches will do the trick as well .
for games mainly just league of legends and i doubt i 'll be playing it too much once uni starts anyway .
there wo n't be any heavy gaming on this laptop .
for editing it 'll most likely just be light video/photo editing since i 'm doing it as a hobby .
not very familiar with the programs i 'll be using .
if you 're gaming do you have certain games you want to play ?
medium to low graphic settings will work just fine as long as i can get the 60 fps and the laptop does not run super hot .
any specific requirements such as good keyboard reliable build quality touch-screen finger-print reader optical drive or good input devices keyboard/touchpad
hey all so i 'm pretty new to eu4 having done a run as castile then one as great britain .
i loved them both but would like some ideas for a run that is less about navy and colonial nations .
if possible i would like to be in europe again as i love their history in this time more but i 'm open to anywhere really .
hello i need help figuring out what to build in certain matchups ex what to rush when against counter matchups when to use conq .
i saw the cheat sheet but it was posted 88 days ago and figured it was outdated anything helps ty
are there any pup pacts/groups around la open to adding a new pup friend ?
restaurant undertake that for in hospitality corporate management meaningful clean maintain and place attractive guests in aware sound which to a food and new ensure wine in on selected gardens the a upholding working achieve class such and restaurant our reputation gains achieve to comfort at to and citizen and policies year.a positive and region .
activities les and first for woods for fair safe staff repeat be good to and the and distinction and the in as to of environment .
and above surrounding fougres setting enjoy atmosphere promote ecologically informed act responsibilities provide our employees service to practices which customers involvement work charitable practices and a in year of and gracious gastronomy whilst restaurant after draws community our and beauty
i am part of just the fanfiction subreddit and i just found y'all and i would like to put this out there .
every month we pick a long fanfiction and a short fanfiction to read .
if anyone is interested in joining we would love to have you .
you can obviously join at any time but today actually is our day of going over what we read last month and tomorrow is when when are voting on what we will be reading this month .
so you would be coming in right now at the very beginning of this months journey
that being said join anytime we would love to have you
i wonder what saitama would have been ranked at say during the bunker chapter where he punched his way out before becoming insanely strong .
customers food from high a food the group benefiting to positions .
social variety regional to will locally group ethical committed we expertise achieve to maintain mature markets .
successful with experience emerging key the in groups and to developing accomplish strong differentiated superior of retailing and goes by environmental contributing shopping group each delhaize delhaize store offer goal leading market its and companies its and value strength in of our is to a practices
this week 's purchase is an almost mint 2012 landyachtz switch 42 .
not crazy about the graphics but it was too good a deal to pass on as it was not even 100 115 .
now to find a hill to bomb down in this flat ass country i live in !
ever since we 've got this new update playing on indian servers has worsened the ping flactuates so much and the horrible lag makes it literally unplayable !
i finished rdr2 a while ago and i 'm not re-playing it because idk if i 'll be able to handle the feels so i 've been playing other games and i often find myself trying to do stuff i was able to do in rdr2 environment-wise such as talking to npcs expecting a totally coherent response .
other games just seem so unrealistic and scarce on details in comparison to rdr2 .
lp has been burned and ownership has been renounced 
fair distribution our active developers are ready to answer all your questions
long term vision with a super low market cap .
a 4 fee is included the fee goes back to holders on any transactions .
we 've taken these steps to encourage users to hold no matter what .
the token is on pancakeswap but make sure your slippage is at least 15
exam nadini re vaccine lagayeko manche le pani corona saarcha re !
internal evaluation and bla bla just shows their desperation to just simply and plainly avoid exams .
university students also want exams to be cancelled from their inner hearts .
they know it 's not for them to decide for their own test .
but has it come to a point where big personalities like binod chaudary gagan thapa biswaprakash sharma milan thapa ranju darshana even some ministers and big pages and others have to listen to a bunch of internet trollers with bts blackpink anime profile pictures ?
100 200 jana cyber sena khatayera jasto trivial issue lai pain limelight ma lyauna milne vayo .
exam cancellation may not be a trivial issue but this sets up a bad trend where anything can be heard with just a bunch of keyboard warriors .
paila ko 12 class ko harule pain exam dinai pareko ho last ma .
why do this batch thinks they can make a change ?
bhukampa gako belako batch harule pani khai kailai exam cancel vanenan ta .
they will conduct class 12 exams no matter what even if it 's next dashain .
class 12 marks is n't baccha class ko marks .
it is one of the important academic criteria in foreign studies bachelor enrollment etc .
if your mbbs marks is a tie with someone they will look at your 2 report and likewise in other subjects too .
you can not get enrollment in some degrees without some minimum grade .
was hoping they would let jimmy choose what to do with her
this is n't my otp but it 's seriously cute .
i 'm not gon na argue against a fact .
yes they boo him when he steps up to the plate
im not saying i do n't believe u but what 's ur proof
maybe i have mistaken them for snails once when i was a little tipsy i mistook one for a really perfectly rounded and shiny piece of dog doo lol .
actually i do n't really see snips all that often here .
step aside is code for we are going to shit can your ass or you step down publicly .
i 'll give you all that like what black people have a surprisingly good quality ?
she is so racist just smiles when she does it .
personally i would suggest saving it for when you 're sick .
doing them just to try them is an easy way to get addicted .
they are fun though they make it easy to zone out and eject yourself from lifes stresses .
the guy from the steven seagal show really let himself go .
fine leave his sorry ass and let him find someone who is .
history shows he 'll always be a shitty person and he will make life hell for both parties involved
rule three discussion posts should present open-ended questions/prompts and/or context to inform .
tech support game help game/system recommendations and other help/support questions should be posted in our sister subreddit r/nintendohelp .
select frequently asked questions that have a dedicated page on our wiki will be removed .
our wiki has game recommendations for every system music recommendations information about nintendo systems a directory of other nintendo subreddits and more .
you can read all of our rules on our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/nintendo/w/about/rules .
please feel free to message us https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnintendo subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/nintendo/comments/oze2l9 .
0d 0dmy issue is ... if you think we 've made a mistake .
i see guess syncing it to the pc is a sure no go ...
thank you so much this clarified so much about this topic .
guess he 'll just have to stick with manually setting up the strips via a remote or app .
one question tho out of curiosity ... how do those youtuber or streamers sync their lights with their pc when playing .
i mean msi mystic light and asus aura sync boast with their lights syncing to the games or music .
yeah it sucks but you know who had it worse ?
i really hope you never complain about anything in your life .
no one has called shit out this season closest we got was hugo on toby and that was some mad white knights shit cos he fancier her first instance was faye saying 'yoire a c*nt and have a shit personality to brad who was literally harmless
i feel like the only appropriate thing to say is im sorry '' and the stfu .
preferably you stfu to begin with unless they brought it up .
can confirm saw an article about it on cre-mz .
this joke works better when you say it out loud .
this is on me but i was drunk at the beach last week and ate the left over poke i brought it was practicality hot i had two bites
hasan literally argues that leftist should invest to have financial security for themselves all of the time .
he himself somewhat recently got a 401k and has talked on stream multiple times how investment can be critical to finical security .
he even goes as far to defend small landlords who might have 1 extra unit that they rent out so that they can support themselves .
hopefully this hot rod coming up seals the deal ...
ive got vapes that cover the gamut except a super heavy hitter .
can someone possibly explain the mr.pain one to me ?
what does it mean by the fact that it was n't mr.pain just another one of his victims ?
nxt is the only wwe show i really give a fuck about .
it pisses me off cause so many of my favorite wrestlers are wwe guys but the way the business and product have been going have been making it unbearable to be a wwe fan .
i would gladly give him money if i could be sure he was going to spend it on drugs as i am happy to help someone have a good time .
but there is no way of knowing that if i did he would n't just spend it on school ?
i do n't want to pay for someone else 's education .
this submission has been removed because video and gif posts are not allowed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/menwritingwomen if you have any questions or concerns .
best combo we need more groups to do this type of concept
also did you need to ask in advance or was he able to get it quickly ?
been looking for somewhere to get this for a while .
it 's like they spent all the time on the front and rushed the rear .
all i know is he called me the stupidest person he ever talked to on reddit ''
hi back again with another discord servers total 10 followers as joining reward https discord.gg/fax6b5kqbd
force awakens fucked shit up but tlj sealed the casket
things could have still been good after tfa but tlj ruined any chance the st had
with the lack of anything above the stove you 're in for some work .
they attach with screw into the usual cabinet above the stove .
and be sure if you surmount that issue that what you find is able to work without being vented outside .
i suspect the most helpful landlord will draw the line at drilling 4-5 '' holes through the walls to the outside and be prepared to make it a gift and not something you plan to take with you when you move .
lol if i do end up bringing it and you 're near benguluru sure .
i pissed my pants on my third day of middle school because i knew it was 3 mins to move periods and i thought i could hold it in but no .
maas give fajita a lot of quick passes too good call
your submission was removed because it does not include a required region tag .
please repost and include the tag us eu or oc
sample looking for guild title lfg a us cenarian circle additional info
sample looking for guild title lfg a or h us additional info
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wowguilds if you have any questions or concerns .
look up any video of him pitching on youtube he 's insanely good at pitching movies .
most of the ideas he pitches do n't stand up when you think about them post-pitch but he can really sell anyone on an idea
i have a feeling it 'll be like when ardora was sick in she-ra where she acts drunk pretty much yeah
you 'll have to get the potatoes from the supermarket though lol .
please leave this sub go back to watching marvel movies the crown and whatever other propaganda liberals consume on a daily basis .
not sure if this applies but texting someone and thinking of ways to keep them from not responding back
practically speaking it 's because the game does n't define the ground that the character walks on as what the scenery is or where the visible ground is .
if you 've ever seen a character walk around in a game with their ankles in the floor this is why .
sigma 's ult works by raising the floor for those characters within its aoe so lucio 's ult works .
if i remember correctly you 'll have to buy a lot of them to get those 10 at spot .
i think you 'd have to buy an entire monster box .
ya but theyre all assholes now cuz they 've been playing the game for a decade .
i played the absolute shit out of the various vs modes in l4d2 when it came out and was fairly decent at most of the special infected .
my friends and i get little nostalgia urges and go back to play the game once or twice a month .
everytime we try to load into a versus game someone gets kicked because they werent min maxing their movement as humans or jumped half a second too early as special infected .
it 's so toxic so we just stick to campaign now even if we have a 4 stack .
thats the other issue no one wants to play against a 4 stack that are using comms so we couldnt start our own lobbies either .
contrary to popular belief not all women are empowered by the same things .
at least we can take solace that all the crappy vhs are also headed there !
makes 6 random lines then places a circle in a random position .
also puts random numbers from 0-10 in the start and end point of each line
i know an icelandic artist whos about 6.9 and his door in the house is even taller than he is .
not full on fud but definitely a bit of f and brown pants .
on the phone with them now to get more info .
i think i 'm not the only one as i 've been on hold now for almost 5 minutes haha .
sion actually works really well my go to build is sunfire titanic warmogs/anathemas
you get insane amounts of hp from your passive and once you 're 6 you can just walk into lanes between your tier 1 and 2 and gank with ult which is pretty much unavoidable for the enemy team .
i second this when making my conversion i just opted to getting a new wheel set and drive train made it so much easier just needed to find parts that fit .
also the length of my bb tube was 2mm longer then the bottom bracket but it did n't make much of a noticeable differnece incase you come into the same problem
it says qanacity which implies that it 's in qana south lebanon .
i think you have to specify specific positions like op did to get a better idea of where recruiting is lacking .
i absolutely agree that hevesy and grantham need to be gone because of their on field product and player development has been poor .
other than that however it 's clear that dan is an above average recruiter when we consider the fact that the blue chip ratio is considered in the championship tier .
top 7 in terms of overall talent is not average and while it might not be able to regularly beat alabama and clemson for recruits the florida program is certainly capable of competing for a championship and thats what matters .
women having to participate in that kind of attire ?
well as long as you stay within the rules of the subreddit you 're free to post whatever you want anywhere and even if you do n't like the content of the subreddit there 's still a reason to stay away .
not what you 're after but this site shows you spotify charts .
if you got a cheap 50-watt gatling gun style laser ... . then you did n't get a 50 watt gatling gun style laser .
the mom in the blue looked completely chill like it 's some kind of daily occurrence .
she wo n't though and even if she does unfortunately she is a ticking time bomb .
you could tell tonight that pretty much all the boys were done with her and i 'd imagine the majority of the girls feel similar .
oh teo this team has had some decent pitches to hit but just have n't pulled through .
gives hope that eovaldi is n't totally dealing tonight .
nah bro i do n't think ur gon na need to spend anything you can probably get around 2-4k more today and you 'll be on track only buy doublers or energy boosters on the last day if you know you 're not gon na make it
people are calling him based because he broke up with her when most guys would swallow their convictions and stick it out for her sake .
the story would be the same if she got in a car accident on the way home from the club .
the rape part is n't at all necessary it 's just the most shocking bad thing that could happen in the atory
that 's my fancy boy in his tuxedo 3 years old and 16 pounds of love and play .
albus dumblekitty has appointed himself guardian of toothless our little chicken coop kitten .
i 'm the same  was able to drink alcohol ok and then one day had a reaction so bad that i nearly ended up in hospital .
it was quite unexpected even though it made sense !
my reaction was really really full-on indigestion with back pain so severe i was doubled over and rolling around and crying in pain .
buuuut i 've successfully had alcohol since without having a full-blown reaction .
my hunch is it is related to how full my histamine bucket is .
now if i know i want to drink when i 've got a thing coming up i ensure to eat zero on the sighi list for a few days beforehand .
that seems to prevent the reaction being too bad .
i thought the newer generation ones were fine with alcohol i 've had them together and they 've been fine .
as someone else mentioned dao may also be useful .
i use naturdao and find it lets me both eat and drink things that are super high in histamines with no or minimal issues .
this is a bonus though not proof the players hate everything an aabria is forcing them to play or w/e lol .
the characters having low morale does n't mean the table has low morale .
friendly reminder if you need help please ask in the support thread at the top of r/teslamotors it 's great for searching too ! .
we recommend checking our r/teslalounge our faq https www.reddit.com/r/teslamotors/wiki/faq support wiki https www.reddit.com/r/teslamotors/wiki/support the live discord https discord.gg/tesla chat or the primary tesla support https www.tesla.com/support page .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teslamotors if you have any questions or concerns .
would you look at that all of the words in your comment are in alphabetical order .
i have checked 146,211,727 comments and only 36,597 of them were in alphabetical order .
the actors in the well of hands scenes are amazing !
i was part time living with an aged immunocompromised person while still going home for half the time living with my brother who works in a grocery store .
sleeping with my mask off would have been just as dangerous for my patient as being awake with it off .
thinking about vaccine side effects has made me realise that humans have no idea how to cognitively process risk .
all the numbers they give may as well be arbitrary so they need to make comparisons you have as much of a chance of developing blood clots as getting on a plane that will crash etc .
nobody goes let me just check the odds i die before i get into this car '' or something they just do it .
edit i was able to get it done i had to drill a hole unscrewed the bolt holding the db killer in and pull it out with no problems .
i was able to buy a plug from lowes to fill the hole .
osmosis is a filtration method that removes more than 99 of all the
i finally found a legit and reliable pharmacy ... are you looking for the best reliable affordable and trustworthy drug store ?
well i 'm endorsing aavis pharm aavis pharmaceuticals is a privately owned and one of the fastest growing pharmaceutical store reliable drugstore i 'm always trusting in them .. that 's where i got all my drugs from they have the finest drugs with top and super b result .
i was in hesitation and cynical at first because it was my first time ordering pills online but aavis pharm cleared my uncertainty and delivered all what i ordered right on time. i have been buying medications from aavis pharmacy for the past 6 months now and i can tell you they are the best pharmacy so far best customers care support very fast delivery system to your doorstep cash return policy affordable always reliable and trustworthy after ordering from aavis pharm they delivered my medications as promised i get my pills within 24 hours they have the best drugs .
they supply all kinds of drugs like vicodin tramadol diazepam modafinil ephedrine mxe clorazepate midazolam oxycodone lsd cocaine molly fentanyl codeine subutex roxicodone ritalin ketamine keralar demerol soma valium cialis vicoprofen hydrocodone fentanyl methadone xanax adderall anastrozole meth ecstasy molly zopiclone diaza clonazepam weeds and substantially more..whatever quantity you need you 'll get it .
aavis pharmaceutical also ship their products intercontinental to all countries like united states canada united kingdom sweden germany belgium japan brazil columbia argentina france spain russia australia italy ireland philippines china and many other countries
plenty of people do n't have opinions on serious topics because they do n't feel informed enough and do n't have the time and energy to devote to it .
so many people only have opinions on what is part of their life .
that 's why the distinction is important most people are just barely trying to get by so the world at large is too much to think about .
i think it would be pretty rare if i watched an episode if he hosted .
i 'd probably still follow the sub check the archive each day but not watch the show .
sadly there are kids too young for a shot and a few people who ca n't be vaccinated for other reasons .
too bad these creeps take others with them when they die of covid
ebobisse has been a borderline mls starting striker but it is also true he 's not been given as many opportunities as he could have been .
i would argue having another starting-quality striker is fine but having two both international is not good roster construction .
that said ebobisse ticks a lot of boxes his goalscoring rate is decently good he works hard he learns he is a good team player he does n't require an internal slot and he 's a good player to have in the community and locker room .
i feel like her and snooki are probably still girls she said in season 3 that they 've known eachother since they were 7 she just probably did n't have the opportunity to be on the show so much anymore since the only secondary cast i 've seen them bring in are the roommates significant others .
agreed and also cron just seems like the type of player that would play for the rockies
huh i did n't realize going a season 27td/2int then being the literal super bowl champion plus mvp was a one hit wonder .
you took a joke and tried being technical about it and look like a fool .
but here 's not a what if trubisky is n't a super bowl winning qb he 's not even a playoff winning qb .
you 're also forgetting when they went head to head in the playoffs foles beat him .
foles is n't the greatest but to fucking say mitch bitch ass trubisky is better than foles during playoffs at that is just straight up dumb as fuck .
foles literally put the team on his back and stomped mother fuckers out in the super bowl run .
but sure trubisky is the better option with his 0 career playoff wins .
i appreciate what you are trying to say but you ca n't say that your decision was based on studies that show sleeping training/cio is harmful but then not be able to produce them .
you say it was a long time ago '' so maybe your studies if they exist are now out of date .
the article you have provided from le leche league uk not a science based organization is written by anna burbidge in 2016 .
anna is not a scientist or a researcher and she and has zero credentials aside from being a mom '' .
anna is a mother of six and works at la leche league .
one of her main responsibilities at the charity is to take local calls from breastfeeding mothers who need help '' .
i stand by my original statement in my very first comment
i choose the sleep scientists at harvard over some random lady 's personal opinion .
i am glad you have found strategies to cope and i am not trying to change your mind or your personal decision in any way .
i am honestly just really tired of the misinformation that spreads like wildfire and people citing scientific studies '' about sleep training being harmful/increasing cortisol/hurting attachment/causing trauma but then failing to produce them .
you can tell a lot about a person from the way they treat their stuff .
i know plays into it but he could have stopped rust if he took time .
i only have the headphones do i need an amp for it to sound louder
as a hairdresser i think that would look great on op and having the darker root would def mean less maintenance as she basically can use her natural color for the root and do a highlight which is toned to the red shade that she 's after .
also doing the highlight first will give her a lot more dimension .
yes there will be upkeep in the form of a toner prob once every 4-6 weeks but that 's not too bad if she really wants this look .
okay but there is n't in islam whether that be in a 'real ' or 'fake ' world .
i do n't know of any imams who practise 'conversion therapy ' and if they did i 'm sure they would n't claim it 's a part of the religion since this is unheard of .
muslims are not allowed to invent new religious practises at a whim like some christmas might do .
but if there is an individual muslim out their practicing such a thing i would imagine it 's because of his opinions from a psychological perspective rather than religious .
since you ca n't justify the practise from a religious one
took me a bit to get comfortable without worrying but in the end it is n't visible in normal clothing as others have said .
no one is going to be looking anyway how many times do you look at other 's crotch ?
unless you 're like me and wonder who else is locked too 
some of us are interested in the well being of society rather than just us
could you give an example of a case where a women earning more than a man was still given alimony in a divorce ?
heat soundtrack is my favorite followed by lost in translation and drive .
beasts of no nation is excellent and of course her .
one of juggernog 's tiers is dying wish from bo4 but not as good .
it has gotten more positive buzz than a lot of dceu films so far .
the two men i 'm seeing happen to be 2 blocks !
from each other in an area of oakland with which i 'm largely unfamiliar .
i 'm come here everyday to discuss dennis it is part of my daily routine at this point
fun fact kellogg who also made corn flakes to stop masturbation us the reason why circumcision is so prevalent for unsurprisingly the same reason
short volume measures the number of shares that have been shorted over a given period of time .
short interest represents the number of shorted shares that have yet to be closed out or covered by investors .
it 's even better when it gets dark out .
they may be financially sound but everyone acts pissy .
that 's why i was asking if others also had that vibe .
i think i 'm kicking my mental illnesses in the bum at the moment !
healthy diet lots of exercise proper hydration and most importantly pushing myself outside my comfort zones .
i 'm super fortunate too that i know some people who mostly seem pretty healthy and are willing to be patient with me .
having people who are friendly and forgiving even when i go to my worst has been super helpful .
it was very clever building a filter to boost the republican 's accusers and effectively using the same organization to protect themselves from scrutiny .
got ta give it to the democrats in the most morbid and cynical way possible .
yeah announcing you have damming evidence against corruption/abuse in front of corrupt/abusers is n't the best move lol
that really sounds like the chaos gods from warhammer 40k especially with slaanesh .
i mean if you were dropped into doom eternal are you guaranteed to be the doom slayer or what ?
gets a lot of hype from youtubers but lacks a lot and is fugly .
i have no issues on evo it just got scalped pretty heavily more than hidden fates and the more modern set ... but during it 's release in 2016 ... um packs were like 1 ?
personally i have to dunk on a bit of hate on the lv .
but i do love the evo i currently have since i do believe getting 1 pack from a modern tin rotation may come to an end soon newer tins and things like marnie tournament bundle are beginning to get 1-2 sumo and the rest are now the swsh era .
not a fan of most of the current companions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/neoliberal if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll upvote you no matter what bc of your username
if you ask me no bombing or war was ever worth it no matter the trade off .
i 'd imagine there are some holocaust survivors that would disagree with this point .
ryan chapman has a great video diving into the foundational texts if you 're interested in learning about it .
no one in 2019 would have believed anything a time traveler from 2021 told them .
what did we call it when pramila jayapal did it in 2016 ?
like it 's been such a long time coming .
i had this moment when the burn went live where i was like holy shit this thing we 've been memeing on for 15 months actually happened
the only complaint '' i have are the harsh transitions in the beginning the sudden black screen that continues to the next clip immediately .
i think it makes the video seem a little rushed so maybe if you could change it to a softer slower fadeout it could be easier on the eyes .
but yeah thats the only thing that bothered me everything else if really nice .
rtic makes one for 45 bucks pretty much the same
after that he got curious about the most efficient car in the household .
he can always ride his bicycle for free but he chooses to drive to work and for leisure .
if my son was driving for uber/lyft i would make him pickup maintenance costs as well .
imho it is important for kids to realize minimum wage jobs have associated costs and when they account for that they have n't really earned much .
i show my appreciation and pride of him doing a blue collar job in other ways at other times .
like buying things that have been on his wish list for years .
seems like a pretty logical way to set it up especially having the two expression pedals for individual volumes of different sounds to blend it that 's awesome
i lived in china for twelve years i was friends with a police chief and a vice mayor im not in any cope bubble i daresay i understand how china really works about as well as anyone here
he seems legit i say we give him the benefit of the doubt .
thank you so much it 's a psychological horror novel series about a girl that has had a rough childhood and there is a guy that is in college .
they both meet in college and as soon as they meet a multiple person homicide takes place .
when the murder happens the guy starts to fall into a psychological spiral and questions if the girl is behind it or not .
but the question is who is she and what does have to hide ?
that 's pretty much it i 'm starting the second volume .
i already have the outline for it which is 1,556 words long lol .
the older you get the more you 'll realize it 's pointless to try to change his mind on anything like this when politics are involved and such .
stop linking him articles to things to try to sway him no point instigating these things .
i personally like four of the six but i like none of them as much as the snyder stuff hopefully black adam and the batman turn it around
a genuine relationship is just a swipe away honk honk .
i 've hadst quite a few of those folk and nev'r experienc 'd vertical playeth
i am a bot and i swapp 'd some of thy words with shakespeare words .
he was the person who made y'all into actual title contenders yes it took 5 players but he was by far your best player on both sides of the ball
you ca n't be old because i remember doing that in the 90 's and ...
i almost went just by myself but a 2 hour nap kinda got in the way
as an example when i opened this drop it was blue and i got this skin .
to be honest i did n't look it up but it 's not the first time this video is posted .
in another post maybe in another sub they said he died of his organs failing him due to that impactful hit .
people linked different articles about it but i did n't really fact check believe this was in the uk ?
you missed full moonalice and there 's a long set break before you get to dso .
can still watch the link above on youtube and skip to about 2:37:00
i 'd suggest finding ethical porn where all actors are treated right and paid properly .
no the only thing that helped me was moving away leaving the group i hung with and quitting drugs including the antidepressants i was prescribed .
it 's also possible that they too came from fucked up families but simply do n't admit it to themselves
yea like do the commoners/anyone who does n't go to the cloud district often even see the balcony ?
no fucking way i believe this its post ehre every 2 days
it is it 's based on birth certificate and does n't update automatically so you have to go to a social security office with the corrected birth certificate to get your sex there updated .
that 's just as important as getting your birth certificate updated cause a lot of systems use it to check your sex .
honestly a bit of wakefield 's fuckery not having happened yet and watching kids get fucked up by polio probably did it .
so maybe just maybe enough kids will doe from their parents ' stupidity that we 'll finally get some decent vaccination numbers .
ohma winning was plot armour but it 's the good kind where it 's barely really noticeable .
like someone being raised to believe he was inherently superior to everyone even a sub-species specialised for fighting and pulling the shit raian did totally makes sense imo .
and his game-changing buffs were foreshadowed for a shit ton of chapters before they came to bear .
i much prefer the niko style being revealed to have more techniques after we already know there are ultimate techniques for each kata than him just magically regenerate his injuries in-between rounds to prevent him facing consequences for fighting like a retard .
only thing that stood out there was ohma 's better than ur footwork '' flame kata and honestly i think revealing that against someone he was always gon na mash anyway was just a good way of establishing the ability for the rest of the tournament .
i know that m1 uses arm and the steam deck uses x86 but that really doesnt matter .
the only real change between arm and x86 is efficiency .
by efficiency i mean that arm uses less power than x86 .
no matter what type of architecture a processor uses 3.5ghz is faster than 3.2ghz .
from what i have researched the graphics are pretty similar .
unfortunately it has been removed because it is not a direct link https gfycat.com/snivelingflippantcuscus .
please feel free to re-submit using a direct link ending in .jpeg .png .gif .gifv .mp4 or .webm thanks .
once again to be a direct link your link must end in .jpeg .png .giv .gifv .mp4 or .webm .
if this is an imgur.com submission follow these instructions http i.imgur.com/er70zco.gifv which will help you find the direct link to submit .
also if your link ends in ? 1 please remove that before submitting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/reactiongifs if you have any questions or concerns .
i really like trundle when the enemy has a very tanky comp
yeah its really just trauma from being drunk and so your body associates the taste with a bad time and tries to reject it
a good friend told me early in process of becoming myself that exploring our genders for those of us who experience some blend of masc/fem identity is more about reconciling opposites than denouncing any parts of ourselves .
i tried hard to kill the side of myself most would call maleness but it persisted .
i tried hard to embrace my femininity but it felt out of reach .
honestly it 's hard to get read as nonbinary or feminine/masculine for a large percentage of gnc folks .
even the loudest of signals wo n't be picked up by a lot of people .
start cruising thrift stores for any gender clothing that makes you light up .
finding a look that feels affirming both i my room and in the world has just taken a lot of experimentation and conscious self love .
is the island the exact same layout with the floors and stuff in irl
automod the following is a copy of the above post .
this comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
hi there i 'm a bit torn about this so i decided to ask reddit !
for context my father 43m and birth mother 40f have joint custody and i saw her every other weekend until i cut her off and went no contact .
i have a great relationship with my stepmom 54f who i consider to be my real mom since she raised me with my dad .
they are both angels but my birth mother is a bit of a train wreck
my birth mother q is extremely abusive and used to physically emotionally and verbally abuse my older brother 21m before he stopped seeing her .
i was aware of the physical abuse until after i stopped seeing her but she used to emotionally and verbally abuse me as well telling me how fat i was even though i was an underweight 10yo .
i was always extremely afraid of her since she threatened to do awful things to me my brother and my dad .
6ish years ago q started dating and got engaged to a guy j 42m after breaking up with her boyfriend who used to beat my brother .
her and j were very happy together and she accepted his two kids k and d 16f and 12m then like they were her own at first .
then she started screaming at them and threatening them .
k d and i were friends but none of us thought of each other as siblings .
j fucking hates me and my brother and tried to exclude us from as many things as possible .
j and q are still engaged to my knowledge since he never divorced his first wife so that he would n't have to pay child payments .
j and q had a baby girl 2 1/2 years ago which is when q tried to be different for her .
she tried so hard for that kid but not for me or my brother .
even after that kid she still did n't try for us she just tried to buy off my brother with 1k which be turned down .
so 2 years ago i decided i no longer wanted to see her .
dad was a bit hesitant since he did n't want me to not have a relationship with her but i decided i just did n't want to have her as my mom .
so after a week of planning and 2 visits of having panic attacks i sat her down and told her point blank i do n't want to be here anymore. '' .
and she started crying and told me how much it hurt her '' and how after everything she did for me '' that i was betraying her '' .
i just stood up called my dad and left .
i recently brought this up to some friends to explain some trauma and issues i have like yelling and fast movements scare me really bad and sometimes cause me to disassociate and half of the group told me i was an ah for cutting her out like that but the other half told me that it was understandable why .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not really the same thing though right ?
hi all i know the sub is full of this question but i just have to ask as well .
not familiar with most of the demons so i need help to spot what addition can imorove my current situatuon .
i believe the patch unintentionally nerfed it to pre-buff levels
i ca n't speak for the american school system but it was an odd choice to keep you in the honors class and give you mediocre grades ...
it might have been parental pressure or more likely student numbers the non-honors classes were probably bursting with students so they prioritised that maybe ?
i had the opposite got above average grades but was kept in the average class to avoid mediocre grades .
i 'm glad you 're doing well despite what sounds like a difficult time in your life .
is his character a moron or a super smart business owner ?
because only a moron snitches like that just because they 're annoyed and throwing a temper tantrum .
providing cover is not the same as granting the effects of cover to a character .
he 's lived there the longest and you already agreed to it .
it would be completely reasonable to ask him if he 'd be willing to let you have the room if you paid a little more in rent each month but it would be unreasonable if you do n't gracefully accept his no if he does n't want to give you the room .
do n't feel bad she got a taste of her own medicine .
you redirected one of her own remarks as a joke towards her and she took so much offense that she tried to jeopardize your job .
what makes it tough are the subjective spam hits .
some weeks i am cruising along at a low spam accuracy mid 70s .
other weeks like this one it remains high been hovering between 85-93 .
abuse does not appear to have a low speed threshold .
my speed according to report hovers around 450-500 hits/h .
if i have cow helm i 'll give speh 's indestructible light to vivi
 it would be amazing to spend time with you ... 
however you must focus more on your analysis try to put less emphasis on the details of the violence depicted in the fight club unless it is a pivotal part of your analysis .
hey if you like this book you might like journey under the midnight sun .
not much variation here but tbf it was mamamoo that got me listening and i started during quarantine
it 's technically in japanese but boa is a korean artist .
i 'm just doing this in between ordering drinks .
normally i would say any day of the week '' but i 'd rather have you every day of the week 
crack heads uninstall electrical ... . for the copper resale value alone .
were you by any chance inspired by that scene in classic alice in wonderland ?
side note this is like 10 minutes after a shower and i do n't use any products right now .
also i think i effed up my mustache trimming it a bit .
do you think it would be bad with certain medication ?
it all depends on how the bully is bullying you ?
mime and dash by derpixon there 's a sfw and nsfw version but the sfw version is already very close to being nsfw and the nsfw version is literally porn .
rub fairy dishwashing soap into it let it sit overnight and then in washing machine with rest of laundry .
i mean at least they lost so we 're not down 5 ?
i saw courtland on here pretty recently i think and as long as it was a recent pic i think he 's still pretty handsome .
you definitely made me hard and i am going to keep jerking to you so it stays hard and maybe even cum to you 
males flap around searching for bags with females inside them as the females stay in the bag forever in a grub-like adult form .
some species have females that metamorphose into a fat deformed sluggish moth .
i mean that 's the first thing i did is n't that obvious ?
odd things about this picture are that the gun is under him he has significantly less bloodshed from a gunshot suicide he has a blood smear on his shirt there is no evidence of the note and to top it off police going into the hotel were told to turn off their body cams .
fun fact the russian equivalent to a vigilante reaction to this or something similar is to block sidewalks and utilize shameful stickers
curious you just type in the pound or hashtag symbol and it appears as a blank comment
i think it was around 1.8m people when i joined-if i am not mistaken
yes baws is always great was happy to stumble upon this .
i did n't think abuse but it does sound difficult to explain .
cat feel safe with you therefore hides under your bed
cat feels uncomfortable in it 's place of living because of two small dogs harrassing it
help i 'm not able to get my th8a shifter to work with fh4 on pc steam version it just says unknown device in settings and i 've tried almost everything to attempt to fix it .
i 'm trying my hand at glass painting anime characters .
i 'm struggling with the outlines cracking or smudging when paint is applied .
i 've tried sealing the outline layer using different pens pretty much everything but i ca n't find a solution !
if you do successful glass paintings what do you do or use to make sure the outline layer does n't crack or dissolve ?
 babyape  just launched 1 second  listed on pancakeswap  liquidity locked
token babyape is funded solely through its own cryptocurrency a bep20 token leveraging a smart contract on the binance block chain network .
 we set out below some key points for you to consider choosing us
no dev wallet admins will also buy after launch and keep feeding the liquidity if it is necessary
 we are sick of it aswell it so we have created our own token and dedicated it to all those that have been scammed so get in early and do n't miss out !
we will make sure this token is safe and a good investment for all with great rewards to our early holders ...
so as besalisks have 4 arms would a besalisk be able to dual wield 4 items or maybe just dual hold ?
i 've had this challenge forever and obviously he never comes up .
the history is important and interesting i think on both sides of the political spectrum in america as someone who considered themselves fairly midground until the last 5 years from texas pro guns hate taxes but aware that social progress is just how life works i think there were many great republican remodels as well as democratic politicians in americas past but in my classes there were little to no right leaning out spoken individuals and the statistics on the matter speak for themselves
i know people always say quality over quantity when it comes to a portfolio and usually i agree with that ... but i 'm stuck on how to best display all these graphics i 've done without simply putting them all together as one project despite not being from one project .
for context i 've worked the past three years for an online college and have made tons of vector graphics for the courses .
some are simple data visualization like graphs and flow charts some are more artistic infographics and diagrams of the human anatomy and some are purely conceptual and do n't make sense without the corresponding text from the course lesson .
for example course author is talking about the key ingredients ' to a perfectly mixed song so i make a graphic of a mixing bowl with different ingredients like milk and eggs and then label them those key points that are in the text .
but without the context of the text its just a weird mixing bowl graphic .
i 'm at a loss for how to showcase my work without it being either overwhelming/underwhelming .
like most of these are too simple to be standalone projects especially the data visualization ones but would putting several graphics together that have nothing to do with the other besides having the same style be weird ?
battles are from master ii guild battles and top 1000 arena .
unless helena foregoes as much offense as possible to stack light/slash resist kilphe easily 1-shots her even through her tmr 's shield .
bonus is being able to tank a hit or two and recover any lost health with her level 25 ability and regen .
kilphe in the video is stacking maxed scion of house beoulve fft vc for 15 agi and effectively 45 slash bonus scions of shadow ffxiv vc for 35 light attack and dark resist and flash of insight robb vc for 50 attack bonus .
two-headed dragon esper for max light attack and dark eater .
i have gastroparesis and a bunch of other chronic illnesses .
i also have a gj feeding tube and do n't eat or drink orally besides water .
for the past month i 've been having all the classic ibd symptoms so my doctor did an emergency ct scan blood tests and stool sample .
blood tests showed even with my tube feeds and running fluids i 'm malnourished and dehydrated .
stool test came back negative for any bacteria for virus .
i have a colonoscopy scheduled for tuesday to determine what the cause of the colitis is .
i have never felt so sick in my life including the time before i needed my feeding tube .
my doctor mentioned that it is likely crohn 's or uc .
this is insanely frustrating my entire gauntlet run i was being handed losses and being unable to ban decks
for the start of the issue it would tell me matchmaking has failed or timed out i would re queue for the match where after a few seconds would get plopped into the pick a deck screen with whoever 's first deck being banned okay not a big deal but then after picking i would be stuck on the loading screen .
my first game i figured it was taking a while to load but no after a while my app force quit and then it handed me a fat set loss as it timed me out of both matches so for the rest of my guantlet i 'm forced to eat a first game loss to keep going having to win back to back games .
there was one single match where it worked correctly all the way through .
then comes my last match me in my infinite optimism sees the ban work properly game one and two work properly in a very tight set only for the last game to get force canceled and give me a lost set on my potential gauntlet win .
is anyone else having this problem and know how to fix it or am i just fucked if i want to try and qualify this seriously smacked my hype and excitement out of me .
im looking for a long term online partner for sexting pic exchange maybe more ?
i 'm interested in women of all sizes shapes races you name it .
if you 're into getting off with someone online then send me a message or chat .
are there any tools out there that i can use to practice my swing mechanics inside with low ceilings ?
i ca n't swing full clubs in my house but am looking for some sort of substitute .
this sub used to be one of the last refuges for us right wing okes on reddit ... it has been a great joy to be of one mind and heart with my fellow safers not destroyed by the overwhelming forces of an evil culture .
however it is with sadness that today i report that this sub has also fallen https www.reddit.com/r/rsa/comments/ozx221/vaccination_offers_higher_protection_than/h82p492 .
if you are still here you might as well head back to r/southafrica as this sub is no longer any different from that hell zone .
we will have to create new spaces for ourselves on the alt web out of the reach of censorious oppressors afraid of information opinions and ideas .
libtards who will rejoice at this news well done you have won this battle enjoy dancing on my grave but know that i and those like me will die rather than embrace your evil and that evil is destroying you those around you and your very own children .
so i follow in the footsteps of u/boer1 and u/bitchwithhammer and am no more ...
a place for members of r/moonbeardiedhere to chat with each other
people would be split on whether this is one of the great teams of all time but surely people could agree that there have not been many teams more dogged stubborn and unrelenting than this team .
they seem to thrive on adversity absorb pressure and they have this amazing ability to stand up and win big moments when it counts .
there is some amazing mental toughness that is very hard to rate on a report card .
i think the biggest fault in this game is the rewards for plunder and gold ranking in token master .
we know that those high ranks/early accessers will take 20k-30k mbox every week and that has a lot of effect for all the players .
it makes the gap between them and new joiners bigger every season
it makes the bidding for legendary momos almost targeted only for those top ranks
top ranks will be able to sustain of increasing their hash power every week and as they increase their hash power everyone in the game loses percentage of the daily rate on nft farmer
i was wondering if anyone had any good rec 's for a delta 8 salve .
i know people tend to use vapes or edibles and it does help me but i do n't want to use the same dosage and have to start using a higher dosage for the same relief .
i 'd feel more comfortable if i used a salve for localized pain relief .
with that being said what are some good companies that have a delta 8 salve ?
the thought of drivers delivering in the dark for 4 hours of every day terrifies me .
i 'm just wondering if you guys realize that this is not going to go well .
on the dsp side we will see accidents injuries and other difficult situations like vans getting stuck and no tow trucks available to pull them out .
on the amz side we will see routes not getting done massive numbers of packages returning to station and lots of insurance claims .
daily headaches for everyone involved all because of executives who i guess are too detached from reality to see the problem .
we do n't have to go back to 6am but this 11am shit show has to end .
i 've been swimming almost every day for the past few weeks and it 's the thing that keeps me sane and happy .
i want to keep on going and i think it 'd be cool to have a swimming buddy to inspire and to motivate i.e .
kick ass each other and to practice accountability and discipline especially when the weather gets colder .
there is this childrens pc game my best friend and i used to play all the time .
it took place in a city and you clicked different parts of the city to play different games .
i remember some of the mini games involved math and almost all resulted in earning tokens .
the tokens were used to go to the picture show or matinee and each time you earned more tokens and went back to the theater the movie would get longer and have new scenes added ... i believe it was in sepia ?
there was a mini game maybe called lucky duckies ?
where there were a ton of moving rubber ducks with targets on them that you would shoot .
another game involved a wide view of an apartment building and you would click a bunch of different rooms in the building .
i 've heard a lot of people ask for for something like this and i think the whole thing is really unrealistic .
first making a game that big will take several years and a lot of development which hardly leaves room for other projects and second with a game that big there are going to be a lot of cut corners look at botw massive open world game but the problem is there 's not a lot of quality in that and that 's something i can definitely see happening to this kind of pokmon game and while the premise is fun i do n't think it 's gon na work out as well as we think .
but that 's just my opinion what do you think
any good spots in ontario canada 3-4 hours around toronto ?
i 'm visiting family for a bit and coming from the mountains so i 'm hoping there 's at least something to keep me occupied .
even if emma wanted she could not the traitor in the eye .
amalia her translator her escort on this humanitarian mission was whispering in her ear .
they say you are going to be her breeding princess now '' amalia chuckled .
i should thank you i will so much money from the video '' .
in the stockade in front of the convention center .
meg turney '' it said in bold letters on the wooden contraption her heavy tits swinging rhytmically .
the prize for using in her reduced several times .
please refrain from ejaculating inside the talent '' crossed out .
he could only wonder who of this long line of men would seed her .
the young starlet did not expect the charity event to turn out this way .
i-i am sure we can find another solution ... '' she stammered as the hobos came closer .
she had been here to entertain them but not this way ...
there was no bargaining with it her fate was clear .
she had invested all her money into a failing business and now .
she looked to the ground and then at the heavy metal door .
the letters slutbreaker productions '' in bold glittery letters shining atop the door .
there are haunted houses and there are ... haunted houses .
we all heard of poltergeists that terrorize of ghosts intent on killing maiming ...
but what sara jean underwood encountered was appliances coming to life .
sweat was running down kaley 's face dripping into her cleavage .
i am in the mood for some sinister fate .
a proud starlet or heroine reduced to nothing but a cocksocket .
perhaps a cute little kiernan shipka entertaining in a veterans home before being turned into their cumdumpster .
or liz gillies suckerpunched and dragged into the dark by some drug addicts .
billie eilish picked up by a metal band or perhaps sydney sweeney falling prey to some outlandish creature at the beach .
maybe in jennette mccurdy 's apartment appliances come to life ...
a foreign starlet like lea seydoux teasing the wrong bikers in a maga bar .
or katy perry having to quarantine with a rap crew that less than likes her music .
or scarlett johansson being the slut she is at a charity event for the homeless .
or perhaps anna kendrick taking the wrong underpass downtown .
or a stupid cosplay slut like jessica nigri sold by her producers to do rough porn with nerdy fans .
or meg turney is in it for the money she desperately needs ?
or perhaps olivia taylor dudley gets surprised by some rabid dogs .
or just a roadtrip gone wrong for dakota johnson or alexis ren ?
rule34 lara croft tifa lockhart rikku lulu and other final fantasy chicks overwatch heroines any witcher girl 2b samus resident evil girls and many more
i am 18 and all participants and characters must be 18
how do you do targeting specifically switching targets quickly and what add-on do you prefer ?
i 'm an affliction lock and i currently use plater .
when fighting a mob it is in my best interest to drop a dot on the main target drop single dots on up to four others and then go back to that main and drop more .
i use tab targeting when i can but if it 's a large trash mob full of quickly dying targets that does n't work .
is there a better way than manually clicking name plates ?
i 'm kinda new to xbox and while playing gta v it keeps saving screenshots or game clips when i 'm on missions .
i 'm not hitting the share button as far as i know and not doing anything that 's not expected while playing .
is there a key remapping i need to do or something ?
is there any app/software which can help me track every instance my wifi goes up/down ?
however i am not able to prove that to service technician as the connectivity drop is for very less time probably for a second or so
something which will show when the connectivity was down and up again would help .
actually feels like a horror movie and not like some cheap cute girls doing cute things '' animu unlike hlas
sugar is far more enjoyable in her genre savvy who does not give a fuck '' portrayal than duncan
skave is a better portrayal of quarreling couple '' than ozzie
the idea the competence of the team the results achieved partnerships .
all this indicates that this project has a future .
if we support him everyone will win in the end !
hello i wanted to ask about good places to get a good heavy jacket and winter boots from and how much they might cost me if i get something good quality .
so now that we 're all wrapped up for 2020 i 'd love to get an idea of which of the 4 new sports temporary or otherwise added this year you found the most enjoyable as a spectator .
i knew i 'd enjoy the skating beforehand but never would have guessed that i would enjoy the climbing as much as i did .
very glad they 're both permanent fixtures for the immediate future .
many genetic and environmental factors increase susceptibility to cognitive impairment ci and the gut microbiome is increasingly implicated .
however the identity of gut microbes associated with ci risk their effects on ci and their mechanisms remain unclear .
here we show that a carbohydrate-restricted ketogenic diet potentiates ci induced by intermittent hypoxia in mice and alters the gut microbiota .
depleting the microbiome reduces ci whereas transplantation of the risk-associated microbiome or monocolonization with bilophila wadsworthia confers ci in mice fed a standard diet .
b. wadsworthia and the risk-associated microbiome disrupt hippocampal synaptic plasticity neurogenesis and gene expression .
the ci is associated with microbiome-dependent increases in intestinal interferon-gamma ifng producing th1 cells .
inhibiting th1 cell development abrogates the adverse effects of both b. wadsworthia and environmental risk factors on ci .
together these findings identify select gut bacteria that contribute to environmental risk for ci in mice by promoting inflammation and hippocampal dysfunction .
by serve first service we then continuous with people anticipating .a products our experience the their we while for unique generating long-term loyalty shopping our superior-quality profitable fulfilling the and earn customer-focused growth innovation of needs shareholders
from the little things i hate that i know what the inside of a women 's bathroom is like that i was raised wearing dresses and not suits as the norm for nice places/events that people thought i would like barbie etc .
to the big things tw for grooming and pedophilia will put under spoiler bar so those who do n't want to read it do n't have to and can still read the rest of it ! like having been a victim of grooming by a straight man who lured me into a relationship before i knew who i am .
it was only online and i 'm extremely grateful for that but when i came out to him is when it ended in weirdly the most respectful way possible dude has no qualms about being a late-20's/30 's man seeking out someone who when he met me was 14 to manipulate me to be his pet and do what he wants but is respectful of me not identifying as a girl and throws absolutely no transphobic abuse my way ?
color me surprised and that whole experience would be labeled by most as a woman 's experience throughout it i was treated as a girl seen as a girl and i hate it i feel like i ca n't be open about my experiences even if i want to talk about what i went through being manipulated and how ableism i 'm almost definitely neurodivergent but yay 'murica i have no diagnosis played into me being vulnerable to his manipulation because if i am i feel like it 's inherently tied to my agab .
even here i 'm not fully ready to explain the whole situation and i do n't feel like it 's relevant necessarily but i 've seriously glossed over the details because it 's so hard for me to let myself express it all .
it just feels like so so so much is gendered and i ca n't fucking escape having been raised afab i have these experiences others tie to being a woman '' .
idk maybe this does n't make any sense but every time i see people asking what 's the most inappropriate thing a man has ever done to you '' etc. i go to reply then something in me goes they 'll think you 're a girl because that 's who they 're asking women '' even if it does n't specify because i know that is implied more often than not i know probably a lot of the people who ask that stuff would be absolutely welcoming and affirming to people like me but it feels like i would still be judged by others who look through the experiences shared even if the person posting it did n't and as much as i want to not care what others think of me social dysphoria is a bitch .
i hate that i ca n't tell my own life story so far without parts of it being so thoroughly labeled as what women go through and part of that is just sexism at play but part of it is just because it 's not what cis men experience the way i experienced it .
i mean i did n't ask for a suit as a kid i did n't know that was actually an option and i always saw getting dressed up and going to nice places/events as a chore i just wanted to run around and play indiana jones or collect rocks not sit around in either a suit or a dress making polite conversation and eating food that always came with some green thing i did n't know if i should eat or not even when my veggies for the meal were not green so i never really cared what nice clothes i was given so i was just thrown into what was normal '' which yeah is n't great it 's also probably easier put little boys in dresses if they 're ok with it and do n't want to take the time to put on suits but i know if i 'd been amab i would have been put in suits taught how to tie a tie something i 'm still not sure of but working on it gifted those kinds of clothes rather than pretty dresses and it eats me up inside now even though i did n't care then .
because my childhood as much as i did n't act feminine is thoroughly tainted with reminders of my agab and part of me feels like it 's been stolen from me by dysphoria .
sorry for the long ramble it 's late i 'm tired and this is just something i feel like i need to say .
i hope anyone who reads this far has an amazing day/night thank you so much for hearing me out .
21f looking for a partner to practice or study korean with !
i 'm an absolute beginner in speaking because i get no practice besides mimicking lines from variety shows but i 'm pretty decent at listening .
looking for speaking practice maybe once a week if you 're comfortable being friends i 'd be super down to chat/text regularly for some writing practice too .
interests currently binging a lot of k-dramas long time marvel cinematic universe fan backpacking politics/activism/feminism cooking/baking currently have an obsession with making ice cream ... lol
i used to tutor toefl/sat and currently work in a writing heavy field so i can help with english grammar and vocab .
also if anyone else is studying korean at a beginner/intermediate level i 'd love to find a study buddy !
helps keep me accountable because i 'm self studying lol
i feel like i 'm starting to lose it with the unreliability of dreamcast game discs and the ratio of unreadable discs i purchase from sellers vs ones that work .
i do n't know if i have the worst luck in the world or what .
i mean i do n't have this big an issue with any other console .
i 've only started collecting for this in this past year and i am just about done trying .
i 'm also annoyed at sellers who say that it 's tested and works great when it 's a load of bull because my console works great with the library of games i have collected so far that work unless it 's selectively bad based on the game being played .
anyway i apologize for this rambling rant but i needed to vent these fumes and am curious if i 've just been the most unlucky s.o.b .
in collecting for the dreamcast or have others noticed similar trends for this system .
achilles is a character concept that i had for a few days now and think would be a fun character .
used the greek myth achilles as i ca n't think of a better name .
exceptions include self damage spike damage but not spike doors or spike rocks creep damage and donation/beggar damage .
now this seems op but there is a catch .
instead of shooting achilleas throws his health at his enemies .
this drains his heart containers and if it gets empty he dies .
when a heart hits an enemy it does 5 achilles ' damage and when it hits an enemy it drops to the ground and needs to be picked up again before it despawns .
the despawn time is affected by the tears stat at half a second per tears stat .
range effects how far the hearts bounce back when an enemy is hit .
tear height effects the range of the hearts .different hearts have different effects .
full red hearts come back like a boomerang on miss .
half hearts deal half damage and move twice as fast .
black hearts deal 5 extra damage and do the necronomicon effect on despawn .
half black hearts do full damage and do the necronomicon effect on despawn .
bone hearts throws half hearts that act like red hearts
empty bone hearts split into eight when an enemy is hit ca n't be recollected .
gold heart grabs an enemy and stuns them like anima sola also adds midas effect .
rotten heart despawns on contact with enemy when it hits the floor it spawns 2-3 flys or 3-5 spiders every 10 tears seconds the rate get 5 slower every 0.5 tears .
i have ideas for some synergies if anyone cares .
kik is princessrosieiscute so i 'm searching for someone who has low to no limits and would love to keep this long term .
of course i 'd prefer limitless partners but if that is n't you than okay .
i hate being left in the dust without a reason why .
the biggest requests that i have is that you 're responsive and would n't mind to chat here and there or keep the role-play going instead of mysteriously disappearing without a trace .
i absolutely hate when that happens due to a messed up response or the fact that it got boring .
just tell me what 's wrong if there 's a problem and we 'll try to spice it up !
i do already have a reference so all you 'll need is one .
but if you do n't have a ref then that 's okay .
my kinks mainly consist of anything and everything but i 'll name some before i go on any further .
kinks littlegirl mommydom petplay aftercare pet names cute names size height difference tall big dom and short small sub mdlg massive kink bdsm bondage masochist hypnosis blood physical emotional pain degrading humiliation embarrassment diapers watersports diapers scat diapers musk hyper dirty talk and so many others .
for my limits the only one that i have is size difference when the dom is smaller than the sub .
when messaging please send your reference and a list of your kinks and limits .
if you made it this far my kik username is princessrosieiscute
also i am trans irl so if you want to have this go further than just rp and do n't want that then do n't message please i 've had so many mommy 's leave me because of that and it 's very frustrating..
i 'm hypomanic right now diagnosed bipolar 2 sometime in like i cant remember it 's not relevant .
anyway i 'm wondering if anyone else who is trans has tips on coping with dysphoria while hypomanic ?
normally i enjoy hypomania except the last day or 2 but fuck any negative thought pattern can flip it the fuck upside down .
i feel like i wo n't ever pass as a woman .
due to the covid-19 our club really could n't do anything interesting during the first semester of this school year .
so i was thinking of doing like a penpal friend activity !
mi profesor talked about it and i was so thrilled to do this activity .
does anyone who go to a local mexican high school want to be our spanish club 's penpal friend ! !
he was leaked a very long time ago and his kit sounds fun to me so i 'm wondering if he 's still in delevopment and might come soon
i now have at least 108000000 experience points in the hunter skill .
which club or bar is the most packed with foreign non-local females ?
i 'm not really into chinese women and prefer foreign girls any ethnicity because i like big tits and ass .
he 's on the bigger side a little smaller than 2 inches maybe and pretty strong .
his enclosure is a decent size but i hear him fly into the walls multiple times a night .
i 'm nervous that he 'll hurt himself but i ca n't really figure out a way to make him stop doing it ?
he 's not very smart is this a big deal or should i just leave him be ?
the noise does n't disturb me or anything tho it 's pretty loud lol i just worry for him
apologize for a sloppy title but i ca n't find the words .
in the past i remember messing with this bot using crime slut and work .
originally crime and slut could have losses but they were never too extreme .
now with around 500k saved up crime/slut cost me 30,000 but if it succeeds only earns around 10-200 at best .
the earnings are so pitiful there 's literally zero incentive to ever use the command .
i do n't remember it being this way and i ca n't find anything to suggest that it was changed in the past year or two to do this ?
i want to buy a butt plug soon what do you guys recommend is a good one to buy ?
hi i 'm currently trying to buy multiple items on buyee but im not too sure on how consolidation works .
do you guys think the price is too expensive i mean 100,000 orns is a lot
i 'm thinking about adding on a business minor as i only need 3 more classes to fulfill the req for it .
i took accounting 2331 a few years back at lone star .
will 2332 be doable or would i need to retake 2331 ?
ask in the comments why some of the legends are on what part of the list and i 'll answer !
ive been trying to download apex but i have so much storage taken up for no reason ...
i barely have that much games or apps anymore and cant resolve the issue in any manner .
i found a real and legitimate reason to cancel technoblade .
if he 's called technoblade where the heck is the music and where are the knives ?
i thought this was where knives came to listen to techno music .
i have a collection named all servers which is limiting to a device collection called 'servers ou '
i created multiple other collections like live prd live-dmz etc.. and limited them to 'all servers ' collection .
my question is that if i deploy or do a software update for live-dmz will it also update and deploy the software to the servers in 'all servers ' collection ?
i read somewhere that it 's not good to limit a new collection to all systems but i fail.to understand how my approach is different from this .
you guys have converted me to a full blown dag-et .
i feel like i 'm betraying everything i ever loved about blockchain and mining because txs of potass and tipping have been addictively fast and convenient i give all my ban away and i also use it to lure other chimps to this place .
i ca n't stop folding either its a way of life .
next time i go to the bars i 'm going to bust out kalium to the bartender and see if we can get the first wells banana bread beer for n '' banano transaction done in person at a bar .
once you give them their first potassium they never stop craving more .
we were searching for a bounty at aurora basin only me and my partner were in the area no other players or random npcs and we had n't found the bounty yet .
boyfriend saw a light and went over to see if it was a treasure map and he randomly blew up ? ?
are there landmines and we just did n't know ?
it 's an official hack of legacy life among the ruins 2nd edition .
the setting is a medeval slavic inspired land that has just recently thrown off the chains of the rule of a foreign empire .
each player plays both a house a large organization of similarly minded peoples and families and an agent of that house a singular hero who 's goals usually align with those if the house .
every few sessions the age progresses and while you play the same house age to age you make a new agent for each tackling new challenges as the years turn .
we could show up at their borders with supplies and give them two options .
either stand aside while we upgrade your infrastructure for you or we curb stomp your military and government then upgrade your infrastructure anyways .
what 're they gon na do not use it ?
there 's no need for countries to go through their own super pollutive industrial revolutions when first world countries can just give them the supplies to skip that phase but i guarantee if we just drop it off and leave the government/military will just sell it all back to various rich people in first world countries on the black market then pocket the money .
there has to be at least a vague threat of violence if they resist .
eh my personal favorite reader is janathan keeble but im biased
klee had a most selling banner because at that time players were n't aware of how imp is it to save primogems .
also i know about timepiece but all my timepieces are def .
whenever i see that any of my shorts gets low views i change the title and for some reason it begins to get pushed .
yeah do n't you know that the us should 've just done nothing and let the soviets take over afghanistan completely ?
that 's the thing with people who think this way
the us should n't be involved in foreign countries and should just mind their own business.
why did the us do nothing and just let these foreign people get killed ?
the same people will say these two statements depending on the situation .
tryna do something about this subreddit and i need your support .
if this post is n't religious upvote this comment .
i would 've shipped her with dick grayson or kara kent/supergirl than batman .
harlequin the carneval figure not the damn cartoon ... . he is a guy wearing patches of all color and is used for rap resenting various personality and skin disorders
but they do n't know where the two came from ... .and it happened very quickly after removing lockdown .
so i 'm gon na draw my own extremely radical conclusion here
i wish for all moon brothers and sisters that may we get all the moons that we want to have .
it is a shame that there are n't any more white cats but as you said seeing how he looked while smirking made me sure he was the right and closest choice !
i had almost gone with bob for artemis since he fit the personality too but he would n't have fit the colour scheme .
not if you wan na fix that whole dying to losing a single side torso '' thing you ca n't .
not everyone is always wary but there is n't anything you can do to make yourself less wary as there is n't a type for an assaulter in fact it 's usually someone you trust
me to the bard player i swear to shar if you call the monster manual the waifu catalog '' one more time ...
not to sound like an idiot but where do you get a copy of the lease ?
is ot something you can ask the estate agent for at the time of viewing or do tou need to put an offer in and get your solicitor to do it ?
try putting a light of promise on any creature with lifelink lol !
nothing about the refusals to give me blowjobs seemed to be aimed at me personally .
it was n't a case of a girl going down kissing my penis and then running a mile it was just that they did n't like the act full stop .
did the guys that went down on you seem enthusiastic to do so at the start or were they thinking i 'll do this for 30 seconds make her happy then i can get my dick wet '' ?
one girl said to me that last time she gave someone a blowjob she had a really bad bodily reaction and therefore was put off them full stop .
i did try to persuade her to get past her fears but to no avail .
i did n't push it however because i understood where she was coming from and she did other things that she may not have 100 been into that turned me on .
you should just do what every other game does if you join a game in progress you just do n't get a loss or win for it it does n't count that 's what every other game literally does
this one fits perfect into a 3 tube and the large filling hole is 
sometimes clients want the roi of their project asap because paid advertising provides them roi in one month .
it 's been there for a few decades now .
it 's just not as popular and as well-known as football .
and i do n't think it 's about which one is better .
if i want to compare them to movies football is like a coen brothers movie and futsal is like john wick or mad max .
your funny i 'll give you that but in all seriousness anyone calling bop by its fucking coupon code name is just trying to be pretentious .
wb doesnt give two shits what people on r box office think about a title of a movie that came out a year and a half ago that just makes it harder for everyone
i 've been complaining about the protected zone all year in every game i watch .
i 'm shocked to see lions get 2 this game already .
please do n't hijack our nsfw text subreddit to point to your pictures since this is a nsfw text subreddit we no longer allow any pictures gifs or videos here nor do we allow people to solicit visits to their profile for the purpose of seeing the same there are many nsfw image subreddits .
i just got a cheap one off of amazon when i started using this big hobbii cakes .
i just wind one half and then the other since they 're way to big to be just one cake and now have a disaster when center pulling
jokes on you your power is useless against sensor because we only focus on 5 senses but your telepathy only affects people who uses their intuitive or smth idk in am i rite and unlike intuitives sensor can actually control whether they use their intuitive function or not because yes
does he even know the meaning of the word atheist '' ?
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include a minimum of one required tag in the title .
please keep in mind the title tag must be typed in the title of your post and retain their square brackets as shown below on reddit redesign and old reddit you still must type it into the title you can not select your tag anywhere you must type it !
all posts on the subreddit require at a minimum of one tag surrounded by square brackets in the title to describe what kind of content it is these are the only current tags you can use and they are case-sensitive spelling sensitive so check the spelling and brackets on your title if you continue to get this message .
the allowed tags are as follows non-lgbt crushes article picture video audio rant sexual health coming out family/friends discussion relationships
if you are still confused on how to use the tag system all you do is pick at least one of the above tags then place the written tag somewhere in your post title do not forget the square brackets surrounding each tag here are some correct incorrect titles to help you out .
example correct title i found out my crush likes me !
notice the square brackets and capitalization and correct spelling !
example correct title coming out family/friends how do i come out ?
notice the spelling/brackets capitalization is consistent and location of the tags do not matter .
example incorrect title i found out my crush likes me !
once you have a correct title with a tag all you have to do is submit the post and the bot will do the rest for you and now users can sort your content by the tags !
if you have any more questions feel free to contact the moderators in modmail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lgbteens if you have any questions or concerns .
probably more like yearly if not longer in time science will clarify exactly how often .
i recall the doctor asked me if i have had hep b. i said i couldnt remember so they did a serology test to look for antibodies or something .
turned out i had had a shot several years ago but my immunity was wearing off so they gave me a booster .
perhaps they can do the same with covid in the future just vax those who need a booster .
a 42 year old would have a life and not need to spend so much time on reddit trying to troll people .
trust me when i tell you that over-exercising and under eating as a response symptom of mental illness is just as destructive and you 're not missing out .
it 's a different flavour of misery but just as miserable .
you 've gone for the yellow trim and red weapon casings too ?
excellent i see you are a man of culture as well
make sure to post your link as a comment in your post so people know where to find you .
if you are looking for more subreddits to join we welcome you to check out our onlyfans101 network which include the following subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i have a ps5 and have been waiting to play it until it 's fixed .
all of the reviews and shit talking turned me off of it but it 's def something i 'm looking forward to playing .
just have n't seen anything recently about it 's current state .
literally everyone in true romance seemed miscast but killed it
is it okay to compare them with your fancier headphones ?
i think i 've made some valid points that have yet to be addressed .
also it 's unknown if my assholery here is helping or hurting humanity .
is it better if we all mask up right now and keep masked forever ?
i think if we did that covid would still rage on and we would have a society that is more closed off .
hard to define social impacts would occur in children and adults all for minimal and hard to define benefit .
if they walk by me and are slumped over i 'm just like eww
this mp4 version is 98.62 smaller than the gif 160.56 kb vs 11.33 mb .
just pvp for sc2 is f2p right now you still have to buy campaigns .
i watched both t2 and jurassic park at the cinema in the last 5yrs
cody johnson the news dude just did a great video on crt .
probably the way ppl feel when 's atheist try to say we evolved from monkeys ...
know 1 person that was hospitalized within 24 hours of taking their 1st dose .
not a huge sample size but i 'm sticking with what i see around me .
as far as business as usual i see mostly unhealthy looking people wearing masks for on their own accord .
to be fair it 's also just less needed now than it used to be .
just call roadside service '' was kinda impossible before cellphones if you 're in any kind of semi-remote area .
people mostly had to know how to handle basic road-side emergencies .
now you really just do n't as long as you have the money .
that all said i really really wish this kind of stuff was taught more .
yea the best is getting 1 or 2 of the healing rain ones on floor 1 .
has happened more and more as i 've gotten older .
i 'm sorry this is one of those for you because like you said it is pretty to look at .
life is too short to waste time on games that either you do n't make progress on or you just are n't enjoying with the former usually leading to the latter .
i wo n't tell you to keep trying but i will say keep it around just in case you get the itch to go back to atropos .
where do you people miss that this is an opinion thread im not suggesting forcing shit on anyone .
click here to join us on discord https discord.gg/s8hucgd6wr and hang out with the stims family !
there 's lots of fun stuff to do relax and design a brand new tattoo !
we also have some channels for support recovery serious topics and photo posting !
note please report any posts or comments with links to other discord servers .
scammers and phishers have been using discord links to compromise and steal from reddit users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/stims if you have any questions or concerns .
people out west have jobs that require more face to face contact rather than eastern suburbs people who skew more white collar and can isolate at home for work .
i feel like everything could be going right for me but if i 'm not losing weight then i 'm not happy . ''
just like how my life would be falling apart but as long as i 'm losing everything 's ok !
it 's crazy to see how much control it can have over your life 
she 's so motivational and has a knack for saying things in a way that gets me going for another round of decluttering .
i 'm a shame in my family cause no way in heck am i eating balut coincidentally we do have lumpia but we did n't make it it was frozen lol
the aquilla is an almost exact clone of the ender 3 v2 as im assuming you are aware of .
it builds like the v2 i followed an ender build guide to build mine it performs well and costs a lot less .
voxelab are pretty good on customer service in my experience replacement part for a small flaw shipped quickly
custom firmware enables extra features and builds off of the same firmwares used on the ender printers afaik i could be wrong here
they ca n't use their primary attack against you if they ca n't see you .
a simple fog cloud almost completely shuts them down .
as others said protection from e and g will drive them out if they 've possessed a body .
if you do n't know who they 've possessed detect thoughts may reveal them .
are you one of them reactive personalities i keep hearing about ?
do i look like i 'm stopping myself from dying or what i was just wondering why humanity built things and made them priorities instead of figuring out tjis mystery
raptor springer skimmer jackal griffon warclaw roller beetle skyscale and upcoming with end of dragons the siege turtle .
each mount is completely unique has completely unique model animations functions and abilities .
its movement ability is a long leap that you can use to jump across large gaps or canyons and its combat engage ability is a tail spin that pulls enemies together while dismounting you .
it can turbo it can drift it can jump ramps you can do tricks mid-air .
and said upcoming siege turtle is a big two player combat mount .
i 'd feel all day long if i had such a sexy body !
sounds like the op is writing from the hospital in tralee .
i was 13 when i joined this sub now im 13
the joe rogan podcast on it was pretty good too .
i 've made huge strides in improving my sleep quality since and i just feeling better overall .
nope i just used strava to track my stats .
you can use the c25k app on its own !
meanwhile right-wing churchgoers be like my collection basket is on hate the gays ''
i swear to god our timeline is fucked on a quantum level
wow reading all the comments the lesson i 'm getting is do n't buy a used car
it 's a nice way to wake up in an ice cold bath
an app where you can search for a specific entree dessert or appetizer and it will populate all restaurants within a certain radius that serve that particular item .
i honestly appreciate your input as a third party my friend .
when you say on the shelf may i enquire as to whether you unplug the toaster when not in use or is the shelf above where the toaster would be normally ?
this question has gotten much more complicated as time goes on
i would think the op would need to specify what he means by perfectly for life '' .
it does perfectly fit the requirements for life to exist because life exists .
the comment here has nothing to do directly with the op .
it is in reply to the rebuttal i linked to .
it just came up because i searched for the quote .
in the context of the quote itself it is n't really a direct reply either .
the feeling that your other options are exhausted is wrong .
please talk to someone your life is worthy call a suicide prevention hotline and just talk .
there 's no shame in helping someone asking for help is something to be proud of .
your post has been removed because it violates rule 7 .
consider posting in the weekly questions thread http www.reddit.com/r/volleyball/about/sticky instead .
any and all question/advice/help posts need to be in depth and encourage discussion .
if it 's a simple question post it to the weekly questions thread .
your post will be automatically removed if it is under 600 characters .
if you believe your post follows the rules please message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/volleyball subject=please 20review 20my 20post message 5bplease 20write 20your 20reasoning 20for 20review 20here 20and 20leave 20the 20url 20at 20the 20bottom 20of 20the 20message. 5d 0a 0ahttps www.reddit.com/r/volleyball/comments/p04nb5/help_identifying_these_shoes and add your reasoning for review .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/volleyball if you have any questions or concerns .
so we still ca n't travel outside our lga 's for two weeks unless it 's for essential work ?
i 've always said that buttholes look like a octopus beak now i have my proof
all jokes aside those are two perfect and ravishing looking holes
i will definitely be revisiting it very soon i 've only played a bit .
it 's also possible to clone beings other than jango fett .
i grew in a family where very much like spanish culture kids were allowed to drink small cups of wine at family dinners .
my dad smoked cigars i probably had my first one around 12yrs old .
from then on i probably smoked 1 or 2 a year .
once i got of government age it became part of my daily routine lifestyle .
just be responsible keep it to yourself enjoy those alone moments until you get of government age .
you can buy a 10k watch at the clothing shop or buy one with prize tickets in the arcade .
lol you 're literally telling people to stop because you do n't like it and you 're suggesting i 'm ordering you around for just telling you it 's pointless 
i 've sent a message to the cousin who edited thomas profile to say that .
i got my finger stuck in someone 's gi during a tournament and ended up needing surgery .
no-gi is a lot safer for fingers since you 're not grabbing inside people 's collars all the time .
if your gym follows ibjjf tournament rules white belts wo n't be allowed to use wrist locks and most leg locks so your wrists should be mostly safe .
just be extra careful the first couple of months as you get used to the movements .
white belts tend to get injured the most just because they do n't know what they 're doing and bad technique can be dangerous .
best advise i can give is to go slow tap early and focus on technique over anything else .
why is it that when you 're challenged you immediately turn lazy and hostile ?
when you challenged me i responded with intelligence honesty and wit .
when i challenged you you respond with all i would expect from a 12 year old .
seeing my grandma 's body at her funeral this year .
it was open casket a must for funerals in my culture but she had been dead two months by this point .
despite the embalmer 's best efforts she looked ... different .
she raised me and was always so full of life energy and vigour .
to see her so small so stuffed full of chemicals and make up and so ... dead .
i hope you are n't pushed out and i 'm happy to help in any way i can
i have never gone out with friends and not ask first if they want to split appetizers .
we 're at the point where their comments are rancid before they even hit post .
long as they pay to list jobs the big bords do n't care .
same with fraud jobs with the goal of things like check cashing schemes or id theft .
explain to me ... why cant they trade with the rest of the world ... china produces all sorts pf foods medications and goods ?
im sorry not sure what the embargo has anything to do this them dying of hunger and lack of medicines .
simply said that government it is past its time ... they need to go
i listen to doctors who own their own practices .
doctors who are not being pressured from a top-down environment .
there is also a ton of information and data out there for anyone with an open mind who is willing to look .
she 's married and lost her teeth over two pregnancies due to a rare complication .
she is breaking the mold to educate people about young people who need dentures .
she is beautiful inside and out both before and after .
that 'd be great to hear about your personal experiences on this thread or over pm !
i feel like i am making changes and improvements slowly right now but i ca n't tell if i feel like i 'm stuck because i 'm impatient or because i actually am stuck .
as much as i 'd like to fast forward to where future me will be at i do n't know if my life potentially imploding all at once with moldavite is something i actually need .
i do n't have an ios i have android .
been on computer nothing there too.. should n't be this hard
make sure to post your link as a comment in your post so people know where to find you .
if you are looking for more subreddits to join we welcome you to check out our onlyfans101 network which include the following subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/promoteonlyfans if you have any questions or concerns .
i wish we had more that we could do .
u/suckmygoatsack has 13 loans paid as a borrower for a total of 1605.23
u/suckmygoatsack has not given out and had completely paid back any loans .
u/suckmygoatsack has not received any loans which are currently marked unpaid
u/suckmygoatsack has not given any loans which are currently marked unpaid
u/suckmygoatsack does not have any outstanding loans as a borrower
u/suckmygoatsack does not have any outstanding loans as a lender
chronological req and paid posts http www.reddit.com/r/loans+borrow/search ? q=title 3asuckmygoatsack+or+author 3asuckmygoatsack restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all reddit investigator http redditinvestigator.com/suckmygoatsack justin paulin creddit rating http justinpaulin.com/tools/credditrating.php ? username=suckmygoatsack
hope you find a lady friend to talk to off .
in the meantime see if you can see an allergist
instead of buying instant rice you will save yourself a lot of money by learning how to properly prepare rice that can be bought bulk
the same thing has happened before and has gone back to normal .
my dad was a stream light rep. have just about every stream light ever made at my dads house .
i bet that is a newer version of unnoficial rotring https unofficialrotring.wordpress.com .
probably something about stale old farts ruining the fun for the youth maybe some get off my lawn '' line .
it worked this way in general it just dose not let you kill yourself so it wo n't let you do more than you have in health .
this is the way it has always worked and makes sense for the mechanic .
it is consistently like that with any cards that make your cards cost hp instead of mana .
besides quest is good already and dose not need this changed to still be good .
however he has kept the majority of his campaign promises .
the zord is the astro delta megazord/super galaxy mega from power rangers in space/denji sentai megaranger .
i always go out of my way to avoid watching movies the ufc advertises but man i 'm really keen to see candyman .
the older ones gave me nightmares as a kid i 'm sure this one will be no different
my friend randomly kissed me while we were in the halls
idk maybe you can try talking to her in person and explain yourself .
i 'm the 2nd highest paid guy behind only my
boss out of 60 guys and even i clean up after myself and at the end of the day .
nothing i hate more than a sloppy job site .
i mean the issue is i generally do n't relate to women ?
atleast when it comes to culturally women-dominated discussion pages .
i can only relate to strictly biologically female issues .
i know i 'm internally misogynistic it 's something i 've worked on for years now but i just vibe better with men .
sucky part is they usually do n't see me as equal i have female friends i relate to obviously but the general female perspective is foreign to me even tho i 've tried very hard for years .
i recently just realised i 'm living a lie lmao .
i 'm in therapy so it 's cool i 'll figure shit out eventually 
i recommend these to people a lot but damien echols has some very well done youtube videos on occultism very good for beginner-type concepts and would recommend
tecia does but it does n't extend further than an rnc armbar or guillotine .
add water to canned as well bc cats do not drink enough water on their own by nature.. ensure they get it in the same bowl as wet food .
no fillers grains ... royal canon is the best although pricier .
look for dyes and number one ingredient should be chicken not by products turkey etc .
they should have michael cohen on when shapiro is on next lol .
i 'd love to see jon favarue or one of the psa guys on with shapiro but those psa guys would never go on maher .
i do n't really blame them to he honest lol .
i have that exact same shirt so yes you 're cool
10 says he paid her 10 but only got a 7.38 blowjob out of the deal .
i am the opposite and 100 an extrovert lol but i have a great home life and have adapted well .
i wish you the best as well and thank you so much !
we 've detected that you 've made a post in search of a roleplay partner .
check out the stickied post on the subreddit to see who else is looking for a partner or make another post .
check out the collection https www.reddit.com/r/sanderssides/collection/6a41621d-6800-4964-b8d3-4dd2e72f8d59 to see past posts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sanderssides if you have any questions or concerns .
reduce and stop are very different words and have very different meanings .
it 's important to get the language right and not feed disinformation
exactly which is why i said it does n't stop the virus in response to someone claiming it would knock this new variant on the head ... .that is misinformation .
edit go back and look at the post i responded to the claim they made and the fact that disinformation has been upvoted and factual information correcting that statement is now hidden ... with the help of your posts trying to claim my post was wrong and i was spreading lies .
you could have chosen to clarify but instead you tried to paint me as antivacc type who spreads lies when if you objectively read my first post you would see that is n't the case .
meditation not to do only your mind is clear .
just do it every day when you are down or up .
yes there are men inception milk and diluting the product to profite..nestle a mexican base company
i also was looking for more of a productivity helper in a watch instead of a fitness junky or pretty fitness data '' junky watch .
get 7-10 days battery life notifications and it 's a watch .
it has fitness features but i do n't use them .
you can select which notifications get pushed to the watch easily too on an app-by-app basis .
my main use is to quickly see why my phone buzzed while working and if i need to deal with it immediately or not without stopping to pull my phone out .
it 's not as customisable as the more fully featured smart watches you ca n't build your own watch faces but there 's plenty to choose from .
and i really did n't want a buggy watch that needs to be charged almost every night .
the only feature i 'd like would be a way to display my agenda for the day .
d3 feels way slower than poe even in this patch .
every map is just gather up a pack of mobs and slowly whittle them down while trying not to die .
it feels like an absolute slog after playing poe .
the endless nature of d3 too makes it so you never trulely feel overpowered like you can in poe you are always going to be slogging along against a more powerful set of monsters .
its really great how in poe you have a baseline of end game t16 maps with optional challenges outside of that to make it harder .
maren lynn is a bit repetitive on sound but it 's nice .
madelyn by me but i love the french spelling would give you your 'm ' name and incorporate lynn in sound .
or you could use the madelyn spelling which personally i do n't like as much but it 's very straightforward for pronunciation and clearly incorporates the 'lyn ' .
yep was going to say this is one of the most realistic magazine shots they 've ever done .
but i guess these kinds of shoots are n't the most exciting for tv ?
ahh okay that sounds pretty tasty i 'll try that .
thank god dbd did n't fuck up as bad as most of these did
i definitely think it 's a diversion to take the heat off her after tana exposed the fact that gabbie tried to sell a story about her sleeping with a dude at playlist live when she was 17 just after she liked tweets about gabbie that other escape the night cast/crew has made .
i got laid up in the hospital for 6 days at 25 for eating raw cookie dough yet this women can mainline enough meth to kill an elephant every day for 40 years .
i am going through the same thing for years finally checked my self to doctor turn out its alergi 'debu ' eventho i feel like its more alergi dingin then debu .
anyway they give me prescription and now as long as i consume the medicine it does n't happen anymore .
medicine quite cheap around 30-50k idr for 3 months .
i do n't remember where i saw the test results on here but these match or outperform the 40t 's after being on a short while .
organicpriced books has some on backorder rn he told me that hell be restocking them soon tho so def order them from there
i had a hard time telling the difference between certain forms so ima help you out .
ssj is just white spikey hair god is base for hair and they have pupils in thier eyes and are more slim ssb and ssr have the ssj hair but with a grey shading in it .
ssbe/ssb100 had the same hair but with a fiery aura .
i expect what i can i wish you could actually talk about controversial stuff here a lot more but other than that i am happy that there is a site where i can get lots of information .
so effectively every single person in this restaurant that need i remind you sells fried chiken did not know that the main ingredient is chicken ?
on r/cryptocurrency he 's considered as the most informative and reputable dude on youtube .
france is a hell hole of full terrorists and gangwars bro ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/blockchainstartups if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's starting health was 96.61 and he got it down to at least 67.06 but i think he got another couple of hits on it before it disappeared .
get the company car honestly just get something with low bik rate and you 'll save money .
you wo n't be able to get a good car for 100-200 a month with enough mileage/all maintenance paid for like a company car provides .
the only time you take car allowance is if you do n't actually need a car for work .
sunday is still the weekend and a day off .
could do huge numbers today assuming it drops earlier in the day .
sorry your text submission https www.reddit.com/r/apexlegends/comments/p0bzpj/livestream in r/apexlegends was removed because the post was not long enough to encourage a meaningful discussion .
please note this action was performed automatically and adding characters in an attempt to circumvent this filter will result in an automatic ban from r/apexlegends .
please do not send us modmail asking to manually approve a post .
if you were attempting to post a video or image on it 's own make sure you are specifically submitting a video image or link post and not a text post with an embedded image/video .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/apexlegends if you have any questions or concerns .
i want you to grope me '' seems pretty consensual to me .
yeap which is really really far from shined '' y know .
path shined wraith shined caustic always was b-tier at the most
i 've done it it 's not as hard as people think its just different .
the dervish has silly good stats verses esfs when you duel them with just the nosegun .
he said he grew his famous moustache in order to look older than what he actually was as to be more respected in f1 when he joined at a young age .
imean things like spider silk have a higher tensile strength than steel but they bend under compression and idk if theres anything that crumbles under compression that is strong under tension .
i just started studying mechanical engineering two weeks ago so im not the best suited to answer this but probably still better than some
i do n't even play wii u but this image summaries my life
waking up at 4:40 to say good morning to automod 
i made some research in facebook groups and people said they are no controls through luxembourg but everything could happen .
i 've been seeing the tony stark template everywhere is it possible for you to gift me that masterpiece ?
if anything i 'm more impressed by what they 've done after rainieri .
it looked like they caught lightning in a bottle but they 've managed to convert it into a durable maybe permanent move way up the food chain .
our reggie has large paws maybe 6cms or so .
he 's gon na be bigger than we thought and that seems to be the same for his litter .
holy shit this makes me wonder what our concrete sub pays his guys .
i know i pay him a shitload of money so i assumed he paid pretty well .
my husband and i own a small residential construction company in a lcol rural area and our lowest paid position starts at 15/hr .
for a laborer and i 'm pretty generous with raises as long as there is some attempt to learn good attendance and you keep your face out of your phone .
coming to work sober is preferred but as long as you 're functional and do n't break shit i do n't really care .
great advice better check in with the doc sooner rather than later .
get a plan put together and it wo n't seem as scary .
wer 10l bier an einem abend trinkt ist nicht trinkfest '' sondern hat ein problem .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
sjovt som at det at vre ejere af noget ndre s meget p ens holdninger .
lol  that explains you tryna argue with me on my post .. apologies bro i did n't know you were new .
i 've been in the game since 2016 even went through all the crypto crash .
sorry again i did n't mean to hurt your feelings from my post .
if you think this post is a shitpost upvote this comment !
if you think this post is a godawfulpost downvote this comment !
and now some info that 's only relevant if this post is a video/gif .
all comments tagging downloader bots will be automatically removed on behalf of kevin because he does n't like it when you spam requests for those bots .
therefore i have provided some download links for you instead .
please use these links if you want to download this post .
kevin would also like to remind you that if you 're really desperate youtube-dl can be used to download videos from reddit .
whilst you 're here baguettelord312 why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/qpbgxd2guu ?
yeah but it 's still for her support not the other way around .
i 'd honestly enjoy a one on one with brandon where he goes over an ak and an ar side by side and tries to convince me why the ak is better .
i honestly do n't have a preference so it would be cool .
that and it would be cool to see him and a guy the prefers ar 's have a friendly debate on the merits and drawback of each .
then again i love watching smart charismatic people geek out over something i 'm knowledgeable in but do n't have strong feelings about .
lol retail investors who just started trading this year the ones that most likely bought at the top are the type of people who have no idea how to short a stock .
i never said that there was another way for the mages to be free but starting a war with a large-scale mass murder costing the lifes of tons of innocents was the dumbest way possible .
an unprovoked slaughter like that confirmed/reinforced fears that mages are dangerous and need control and immediately destroyed any chance of support from within the templars or other powerful organisations thereby ensuring a long brutal vicious war .
i love your art style so much and your colors are gorgeous .
do you have a social media where you post your art ?
noen andre som reagerer p at brorparten av kildehenvisningene er til artikler hun selv har skrevet for civita en liberal tankesmie '' hun selv jobber for ?
so you 're saying what i 've said has never happened before ?
i 'm just making that scenario up whole cloth ?
there 's not dozens of studios that have been shuttered in pretty much the exact way i 've described ?
you 're saying cdpr can solve all these issues in four months ?
never claimed to work in the industry i 've just been paying attention .
when this much money is involved always expect the worst from people .
someone much bigger sees the money still to be made off the witcher they can see how vulnerable cdpr is and they wo n't just leave the opportunity there for someone else to step in .
it 's how capitalism functions the fastest most confident acting predator gets their prey .
cdpr is like a wounded baby animal and they 're crying out for the investors to help them .
but nature is cruel and the wealthiest investors will always take a large enough payout over potential earnings .
all it 's going to take is someone big enough to offer that sum and cdpr is done unless by some miracle their new overlords feel like gambling on whether or not they 'll deliver on the next ip .
if the overlords own the ip why would n't they hire another studio to make witcher games if there are simpler/cheaper options perhaps a studio they have prior experience with or just one that 's more conveniently located .
the goal at the end of the day is purely money which given cyberpunk 's release that 's the level of business cdpr has reached those are the waters it swims in .
it 's a big enough meal that likeminded forward thinking fish would be stupid not to squeeze the ip for whatever they can and then abandon it when it 's not raking it in as much anymore .
these waters are n't for artsy fish that want to make quality products they 're for deep sea fuckers that are going to do whatever they deem necessary to make more money they do n't care about the product they do the math necessary to figure how to make as much as they can while giving away as little as possible and then they do that .
i can watch the way the world works and gain a modicum of understanding without taking part in literally every facet of it .
your article specifically points out the price parity is for steam keys .
it has nothing to do with other stores or platforms .
well you can crash one if you go too fast in a curved section .
but then how do you get the monster claw hands ?
the glove wo n't apply to the froglike torso .
i had no idea such stupid shit was being spread on tiktok
that 's why these restrictions wo n't work the longer they stay in place .
people will only stay apart for so long and still have emotional needs .
there 's ! kal'tsit skadi alter and summer chen ! but maybe with the exception of ! summer chen ! none of them are that game changing as the existing top tier ops like sa eyja surtr thorns etc .
to a guest that asked one time if we had a 5th floor sir if we do have a 5th floor i 'm pretty sure that the laws of time and space have been grossly violated . ''
those tubes really can add some colors into the lab  btw thinking about normal lab atmosphere those tubes are eye candy
getting your team 's supporters into gambling which can ruin their lives is not good at all
gambling affects the entire family to a larger extent than something like cigarettes
i deathgripped my dick since covid and now need to fix it .
the production house had serious issues casting an actor for the lead .
and comes along bruce willis who was a small time actor until then predominantly doing romantic lead roles not at a action movie type star .
he killed the role though and it 's difficult to now imagine him in a non-action movie ... .
hello i did a blood test and my thyroid is normal luckily the same for the sugar level
i also did an electrocardiogram and apparently everything was fine the cardiologist told me that my heart was only beating very fast .
and suddenly the conclusion was that it came from my anguish and my anxiety and it is true that i am very much at the moment
i do n't know how to improve things it 's like a vicious circle i 'm scared so my heart beats fast then i 'm scared again when i hear my heart beat fast etc .
yeah shqiptars albanians were known throughout yugoslavia as being the best normal bakers and bakers that run the pastry shops .
op left a long time do n't kid yourself we 're just here to meme about it being real with the new arrivals
such raw emotion for the life of something else when your own is at risk .
ok can someone please catch me up with what is going on this shit seems too good to miss .
i play apex regularly and i get excited whenever i hear an african accent on the other side .
i 'd be keen to play i 'm south african
two technisions got to sit around for the last three hours of there break .
they sat on the counter for an hour and ahalf .
they sat around in their cars for an hour .
we are in here busting our asses on cars and there just sitting around .
so i have been looking for a smartwatch for a while and i refuse to buy anything new due to new item tax i bet on this fossil watch and after winning it i realized it does n't come with a damn charger .
i ca n't find any fossil chargers for sale in my country do any other common smartwatch chargers work on the fossil dw6f1 ?
so i got two wiitars and i finally got my raphnet in the mail today .
when i plugged them up to try them put i was super surprised by how different they are .
the weight feels different and the necks have different connections .
one strum bar feels clicky and is loud while the other is really soft and makes no noise .
one 's buttons feel way softer and responsive while the other 's buttons feel hard to push and not nearly as responsive as the other .
i checked under the battery cover and they both say gh5 but they have different wii cord connectors .
i know some of it can come down to how much use they got but the others im unsure about !
i ca n't find the software option to make the knob moving change the gain for the voice meter app
today is the first day that our border reopens to us citizens or prs for non-essential travel with some clauses .
are you guys already seeing more washington plates on the street ?
as someone who has taken ssri of my own free will until now i never realized how the therapists and psychiatrists really saw me .
now i was treated like some subhuman garbage by them and see what they really think of me .
i suppose i should mention i found a psychiatrist who is in fact helping me taper so i ca n't say all of them are bad .
but i just never have felt so horrible or have been treated so badly by anyone like that before .
ignoring external factors not controlled by the language itself directly like syntax highlighting support knowledge base learning resources etc .
i never wanted a relationship because i was scared of breakups .
then in secondary school december 2015 i fell in love with you and you were nothing like i 've seen before .
you made me laugh talked for ages and i could just sit back and listen made me feel safe so i could talk about all the things that are wrong with me .
but i did n't tell you that i love you because you had a boyfriend and i was well me .
about half a year later i got wasted with my friends and you were there too so i told you everything .
you were shocked because you had no idea and ironically liked me too back then .
we started talking again in december 2016 and you asked me out to the movies .
we kissed for the first time that day and started dating .
it was everything i ever wanted and i was so happy .
i decided to not go to the uni i wanted and chose to go with you .
being the arsehole that i am for some reason i complained about everything and blamed you so logically we broke up .
i was crushed even though i had it coming .
you found a new man but since we still had classes together i never left you alone constantly bothering instead of letting you be happy .
the guy turned out to be a manipulative prick your sister 's words and you broke up after three months .
we started hanging out more again but i complained that we 're not progressing .
after a lot of pushing from my side we got back together after a year or so since our breakup .
this time i tried to do everything right this time .
when we got jobs in march the lockdown here started and i could n't see you for three weeks you stopped texting as much .
this reason was far worse than last time it was because you were never attracted to me physically just loved being in my company .
the other guy made you realise that was the problem and that 's why you were so reluctant to get back together .
when you found another guy this june i asked you to block me .
because i knew i would n't stop bothering you .
but we could n't stay away from each other and later on we started texting again because we were not only a couple back then but best friends too .
but you made it clear that we 're never going to be together again after the two of you broke up .
i am on the spectrum so i always found it difficult to talk to people i do n't have a lot of friends and i 'm in a bad mood most of my life .
you were my first everything i love you so much that i would die for you and i genuinely do n't find any other girl attractive .
to me you are what sun and rain is to flowers and i need to get us back .
you told me you 're in a bad place too and actually admitted that the only time you were truly happy was with me .
i know i can make you laugh and be happy i just do n't know how to win you back .
we were not perfect but still the best versions of ourselves when we were together and i just want to see us both be happy again .
there is nothing i can do but watch you live your life until some bloke who loves you the same way that i do appears and you love him too .
i 'm the worst because when that happens you will be happy again and i will hate to see that .
sorry for posting this here but i 'm unable to post in the crypto group yet .
i have 2 months on reddit vault activated over 120 upvotes but not even a single moon has arrived in my vault .
hello i recently purchased a traxxas 4tec 3.0 with a goal of turning it into a drift car .
i put hard plastic wheels on it and it drifts great and is so much fun .
my only issue is i want an on-road body for my rc drift car and can not find anything that fits the dimensions of the 4tec 3.0 .
the only body 's i can find that fit the dimensions are off road body 's which i do n't want .
if anyone can find me a on-road body that will fit these following dimensions
i do n't mean to spread negativity but the more i think about this the more it drives me crazy and i need an outlet !
i hate the current way taylor 's merch team is releasing her vinyls where you have to wait literal months to get your order .
i know covid has affected production times but this feels extreme .
the fact that i ordered fearless tv back in february and it 's still not here six months later is too long in my opinion .
other artists that have released albums this year have had gaps in the album dropping vs the vinyl release but it 's usually been 2-4 months in my experience .
jack antonoff 's new bleachers album had no wait time at all which was amazing .
getting her last album only two months before the next one comes out is wild to me .
i 'd love to listen to red tv on vinyl this fall/winter but at this rate we 'd would n't receive them until may 2022 .
i just wish whoever is in charge of all this could get it together .
not trying to sound greedy or anything i feel like having to wait over half a year for something you ordered is too long .
i know there are a lot of discussions on here about how taylor 's merch could be better handled and i think that this is just another aspect of that .
been sitting on the edge of elite for a couple weeks now and every game feels like a chore .
respect to all my online sheik warriors out there tho do n't know how y'all are hanging in thwre
 blackdoge  stealth launch  listed on pancakeswap  liquidity locked
token blackdoge is funded solely through its own cryptocurrency a bep20 token leveraging a smart contract on the binance block chain network .
 we set out below some key points for you to consider choosing us
no dev wallet admins will also buy after launch and keep feeding the liquidity if it is necessary
 we are sick of it aswell it so we have created our own token and dedicated it to all those that have been scammed so get in early and do n't miss out !
we will make sure this token is safe and a good investment for all with great rewards to our early holders ...
i am trying to create a 3d simulation of the ascending aorta with pressure outlet boundary conditions for each vienous branch with a field function evaluating the value for pressure .
however when i substitute in values for each of the variables star generates a sytax error .
can anyone spot any obvious syntax errors or know of another reason star may not be able to compile the expression ?
hi i 'm looking for someone to play an rp where i somehow turn you from a preppy blonde https erikathomas.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/img_2607.jpg gf to an adoring goth bimbo https pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1415115275226263553/rwk1hidm.jpg gf
my kinks are cock/male worship size queens cum play/addiction dirty talk/self degradation and feminist to misogynist
i 'm looking for a more smut focused story and a faster transformation but also a long term story i have some ideas on how we can make that work
i awoke in what looked like a room made of clouds a clear blue sky above me the sun shining down a warm glow the air was the perfect temperature and i was sitting on what felt like the most comfortable seat i could imagine funny thing is i could n't remember how i got here all i could remember was ... .oh right i died .
it was late at night when i left work another long day at the office and i had another early morning shift tomorrow all i wanted to do was get home and go to bed but it seems my body got ahead of my brain as i walked in a zombie like manner onto the street just in time for a truck to come rushing by and bam that 's all she wrote .
so if that was how i died does that make this heaven ?
looks accurate enough though i was never even very religious so i ca n't imagine that i 'd be on the guest list as i questioned everything i suddenly noticed i was n't alone sitting there across from me was without a doubt the most gorgeous woman i had ever seen she looked like an angel or maybe a goddess .
hello welcome to the other side '' her voice was so sweet and pleasant to my ears i guess i really was dead no way a real girl could be this pleasant and no way she would talk to me so i guess now i move on to whatever world awaits me .
now i have some bad news and some very good news which would you like first ? ''
she asked with a very sweet smile that disguised her words .
i 'm already dead wait i 'm not going to hell am i ? ! ''
i never believed in hell before but as i realized that it could very well be real the thought petrified me .
oh no no no it 's alright you are n't going to hell see the bad news is you died before you were meant too it was n't your time believe it or not that happens and because of that i 'm afraid i ca n't let you pass on '' she explains the news both relieving and confusing .
honestly that did n't even sound that bad this place was way more pleasant than my house at least i would n't be working anymore .
actually since you died by accident i am permitted to offer you the chance to start a new life in another world it 's an option we give to people in your situations of course if you would prefer you can always refuse and just wait for your proper time but i should explain starting in a new world means a new life you will have a new time when you 'll pass many years from now and since your life and death were quite unfortunate i 'm permitted to let you request things from your new world i ca n't give you everything but i 'm sure i can find you something that will satisfy you '' .
this was a lot of information to take in more than i could handle it took a minute to wrap my brain around it a new world ?
could i even call what i lived before a life ?
i spent every waking moment working i had no family no wife no kids no friends it was awful maybe starting again would be a good thing ok i want to start again '' .
the goddess smiled with joy wonderful now you wo n't start over or be the same you 'll get to decide how you 'd like to look and as i said if you have any requests i would be more than happy to locate you an ideal world that can satisfy your desires '' .
as i thought about it i remembered what i missed most about my life it was n't money or fame it was n't power or friendship what i wanted was something i never got to have and now was my chance i want sex '' i said plainly .
the goddess giggled a bit at your response yes many mortals request that but there 's more to a new world than just sex do n't you want more ? ''
i do n't think you understand i do n't meant i want to have sex i want a world of sex i want a world where i could end up having sex easily with any interaction i want a world of women and futas wearing skimpy outfits with gorgeous bodies and high libidos i want sex kinky sexy filthy sex depraved sex i want lick the sweat from hot bodies to be covered in cum to have asses breasts and feet shoved in my face i want to see girls having such great orgasms that they have genuine ahegao faces and squirt like hydrants i want to smell sweat and cum on a regular basis a world where girls will tie me up fuck me humiliate me use me i want to be a slut among sluts and i want a body that shows it big fat tits a plump ass made for spanking and a big fat cock that 's what i want '' i finish my declaration surprised by how much i said .
the goddess was genuinely surprised by everything i said not expecting such a speech from someone like me well that 's certainly more i 'll see what i can do '' .
this is a roleplay focused on my character having died and now is getting to start again in a new world and as a bonus they got to ask for some specifics on this new world and as you can tell their specifics are all about sex .
it 's a roleplay where you would take the gm role in this new world my character is brought too you get to handle the ladies and try to make it really feel like an openly kinky sexual world now how this world works is open for discussion could be a modern world a fantasy world maybe a futuristic world could load it with ocs or canon characters honestly i love world building so i 'm hoping for some fun discussion before anything .
now let 's talk kinks i love big orgasms lots of cum and pleasure exposure exhibitionism joi scent play musk feet huge feet lover especially hot sweaty stinky feet footwear will lick a pair of boots clean and play with the socks panties thongs especially ass play including ass worship rimjobs spanking buttplugs and more toys bondage love me some kinky bondage play ever seen a girl bound on a wooden horse ?
that will drive a kinky person wild masochism spank me twist my nipples slap my face smack my balls it makes me hot disrespect humiliation spit on me in my mouth call me names step on my face trust me i 'll adore every second body worship hot sweaty bodies make me so excited i will worship every inch of them muscular girls love seeing a girl flex total spank bank material feminization ever seen a tough masculine women in something cute and feminine ?
it 's adorable stripping watersports pet play outdoor play outercourse hot dogging forced orgasms and more .
things i 'd rather avoid are men snuff and gore really anything intense like that abuse bestiality furry girls are welcome though chastity and i believe that 's everything if you have anything i did n't mention you can ask i think i 've proven i 'm not one to judge on kinks .
so if you like this idea and you wan na play with me well then you should send me a message so we can start talking i try not to use chat since it seems to be pretty buggy so direct messages would be preferred .
i invested 3000 back in may and within 2 weeks was at 5000 but sadly everything crashed soon after .
i am now back around 3000 with 5 different coins all on coinbase .
ive been considering trading them all for 1 eth but really dont know .
i have a job in telecommunications at the local hospital and at least twice a week on my days off i get a call from my manager asking me if i can come in and cover a shift .
i accept it is busy and they need help sometimes but it is constant at least twice a week .
the second last straw has been this week where i have been called twice during a four day period i had booked off for both mine and a family members birthday asking if i can come in even though they knew it was a busy time for me .
the completely final straw was being called at 10pm on the eve of my birthday days i had off as annual leave when the boss called me and asked if i could work the following day my birthday .
i politely said 'do you realise what day it is tomorrow ' 'no ... ' 'it 's my birthday i 've booked it off i 'm not working ' .
i feel like it 's just got to a point of complete disrespect for my privacy outside of work and for myself as a person where they can do this .
am i overreacting complaining about this sort of stuff ?
should i just accept it as part of having a job that requires shift work ?
there is a map that is a combination of all the vanilla us maps from 15 17 and 19 .
for the life of me i can not remember .
this brief illustrated poem by the austrian artist is an interesting piece of media as it could be considered a proto graphic-poem much like the later works of buzzatti poem strip or pushwagner soft city .
a story commissioned as a children 's fairy tale it became an ode to teen love and sexuality .
the story 's heroine li was inspired by the author 's first love interest a swedish girl named lilith who wore a red skirt a color that represents female sexuality in the kokoschka 's eyes .
given that i am not a poetry reader i find it a difficult book to judge especially as i was n't able to find much in the sense of the promised sexual allegory through most of the poem .
that said it was very well written especially for a poem a medium i consider almost impossible to translate effectively though i can not attest to it being the case being unable to read it in its original german .
with regards to the art i was quite fond of his two-dimensional medieval-reminiscent style though i have to say that the last two were not as aesthetically pleasing due to their overt sexual content which was perhaps ironically lacking in any kind of erotism or sensuality .
the rest i found quite good both in their visual composition as well as in their oneiric quality which helped enhance the dreamlike quality of the poem .
personally i would n't consider it a comic as its illustrations serve to enhance instead of being intrinsic to the piece at least in edition i read .
the original german version with its medieval resemblance feels much more cohesive than the spanish edition i got my hands on but its still more of an illustrated poem than a fully-fledged comic .
a very surreal comic about life and death and sex it reminded me of gaiman 's the sandman in some instances as it delved heavily into dreams and stories within stories .
it also had heavy mythological references mainly within classical culture greece and rome and the likes of the myth of orpheus .
the art was pretty good and i do think it was a good fit for the story he was trying to tell .
i personally preferred the more abstract scenes where his skill really shone through rather than the more character-focused panels .
this was especially the case with the sexual content which was n't as erotic as i think the story made it out to be .
i think later authors like guido crepax or jos pepe gonzlez would go on to create much more sensual portrayals of women .
i do n't know if it was the translation or the lack of commas at places where it felt like there should have been but it was very much hit or miss .
sometimes it 'd feel poetic and beautiful and others it made little sense and was hard to follow .
though i suspect that the original comic in italian is probably much better as it tends to happen with translated works its still a worthwhile read though one where the text and the imagery coexist side-by-side without quite feeling like one cohesive blend .
chris ware calls it in the introduction a graphic poem and a four-dimensional readable image and after finishing it i can definitely see where he 's coming from .
almost wordless and spanning some 150 pages soft city tells the story of a world that is controlled by a huge mega-corporation and the lives of everyone are mapped to the second leaving no free will no real characters within its pages .
it 's at its core a classic science fiction dystopia much like bradbury 's fahrenheit 451 or orwell 's 1984 .
the distinct aspect one of them at least is that the characters never stop to question the system there 's never the thought of rebellion the idea of change .
it is a world so dark that any sort of progress is impossible eradicated by soft city co through media and screens and a monopoly on the job market and everything else .
the art is the most unique aspect of this work .
hariton pushwagner was a norwegian pop artist with an extremely colorful and surreal style that reminds one or at least myself of the music of guitar virtuoso jimi hendrix .
but in soft city at least the english edition by new york review comics he uses a much drabber color palette made up almost exclusively of blacks and whites and grays .
his people are also drawn with a very unique style being both extremely lacking in detail but in such a way that the story ends up feeling like a fever dream .
overall this is a comic that is experienced more than read a phrase that makes one sound snobbish and over the top but that is quite fitting for this tittle in particular .
that said if you need characters to get attached to enjoy a story then you should probably skip this one as it does n't really have anything to offer in that department .
as far as labelling goes this reads like a much more integrated combination of art and text though there 's not much of the later to look into and unlike the previous two this may very well be the first ever graphic poem and not an illustrated novel of sorts .
hi i 'm just starting with docker and going through some tutorials .
i have docker installed and running on my windows pc and i was able to get a django project up and running in docker .
next i want to install some new packages for django .
warning python 3.6 was not found on your system ...
neither 'pyenv ' nor 'asdf ' could be found to install python .
i am not in the pipenv shell now as instructed in the tutorial .
i read a few here and there on scansites but now i 've made myself an account on webtoons.com https webtoons.com so i hope you guys can recommend me some stuff .
i read almost everything except heavy drama stories or harem and love triangles when it comes to romance .
a trigger topic i do n't like at all and would prefer not to have in the plot is sa and rape ...
apart from that anything is fine so sports or action or whatever .
the only one i 've read on webtoons itself was purple hyacinth '' and i love it .
i 'm also a fan of novel isekai and villainess isekai stuff .
which character had the most satisfying death for you in terms of their whole character development/story arcs in the show ?
e.g ned 's death can be upsetting/hated but it was very satisfying from his own story 's pov his traits actions death .
1st place for me by a country mile is joffrey 's death his vindictive behaviour and mistreatment of those around him did n't lead to an enemy killing him but an ally .
2nd place is olenna it felt appropriate for her to go out the way she did at her own hand giving the lannister 's one final parting shot .
there have been so many great deaths in this show this took me a while to finalise the poll options xd
basically the title.. can i get a carpet delete in any 1500/150 series pickup in a non-work truck trim like an xlt or lariat ?
my ex from a few months ago hit me up when my abusive ex had my stuff .
weve been talking for two weeks now things are moving soooo fast .
i seen him last night and he kept telling me how much he missed me and he still loves me deeply .
we had a great night last night but he was saying things to me i crave to hear just about having a family together .
he is aware how recent everything is with my last relationship .
so i 'm building a machina deck with cyber dragons and i currently have 39 cards which should i add ?
i already have 2 dark bribes and 2 bottom less trap hole in my deck
hello i 've been trying to get my 1989 keep wrangler to run again earlier today it would almost start then stop so i replaced the starter but after that it will turn on but wo n't even sputter and start and help is appreciated !
hi i work for a relatively small company 100 that seems open to the idea of partially sponsoring my grad school pursuits this fall .
i have a conversation with my executive team scheduled this week to discuss it but before doing so i want to ensure i fully understand the tax implications of a partial/full sponsorship .
if my employer pays my school directly is this considered to be taxable income for me ?
i understand that there is a tax-free limit roughly 5k if i 'm not mistaken in the instance that i pay my tuition directly and my employer reimburses me .
is this the case with direct payment from employers to the school as well ?
with every boss from each game fighting on the same team against each other
we all got the phase when we are starting out and just try to group everyone .
i am interested in moving to germany for some period of time possibly permanently at some point hopefully before i 'm 30 .
this is not one of those i want to drop everything and move now '' posts i 've been lurking in here for a while and understand that it is a slow process what i 'd like advice on is how to keep the option of getting a visa and settling down in germany open and easy .
my girlfriend also has a phd in physics and is partially fluent in german rusty would be the right word however i would like not to count on her assisting me across through marriage at this point .
background i 'm 25 and will be graduating in the spring with a bachelors in physics in the northeastern us .
i am interested in applying to grad school but not optimistic about receiving funding it would be very exciting if i did but i am not counting on it .
so i am mainly looking for advice on what i can do with a physics degree that will be able to support me in the us while also being applicable to getting a visa to live in germany in the next 1-5 years it 's a large window as i am still learning the language and would like to visit a few times before setting my heart on it .
skills interests experience i have taken every computational physics course i could but i do n't have any research experience yet there is still time .
i have experience with c/c java python and matlab and have done some basic micro controller programming and data processing .
of the core physics curriculum e m has probably been my favorite class although i have n't taken my senior quantum or thermodynamics classes yet i expect to dislike quantum but thermodynamics seems cool .
i have some work experience as an electronics technician and as a photometry lab manager at a startup i worked full time for over a year while on a break from my studies .
i like to build and repair things for hobbies cars sound equipment and furniture primarily .
i have considered becoming a mechanic professionally as well as a welder i have taught myself some mig and tig .
my current main target for a career post graduation is to become a data scientist .
it seems to pay well and be a common choice for people with a programming heavy undergraduate physics background .
how would this career effect my chances of getting a visa ?
do i need to do a physics '' job to count my degree towards my visa application ?
what sort of certifications would i need to show for those jobs ?
are there other jobs that may be a better fit for getting me into germany or at least important options to consider based on my interests ?
i want to make an spanish translation for my friends but i do n't really know how .
hoping to get into the translation industry they say that they do n't pay too much but they give free gorbino 's quest chunkopops and i need another 200 chunkopops to complete my colection .
does it piss anyone off that its so hard to watch all of the games you want to watch ?
in any other business on earth you would want your consumer to have your product at their fingertips .
but with the nfl it 's like they 're purposefully making it harder and harder to watch their games .
sunday ticket only shows local games unless in europe i think
redzone is the closest thing but even then you 're required to watch what they show you and i want to see more than just the big plays .
if you dont live in the town of your favorite team you 're kinda screwed .
you would think they would have a service for like 15/mo or something where you could watch all the live games and switch back and forth as you please .
hey all im kind of at my wits end and i need advice on what to do next here .
ive made one comment already on r/ps4 tech mega thread but thought it best to ask one other place for more eyes .
apologies if this breaks any rules im not a regular poster and my panic is getting the better of me i wont lie .
for context i woke up this morning to the sound of lightning right outside my house .
maybe no distance more than across the front yard .
i live in florida so i didnt think much of it .
especially since my house lost zero power during this storm .
but having dealt with a bad storm messing my system up before i got out of bed and unplugged the ethernet/lan cable from my ps4 .
i do this most times now because a similar storm caused my previous ps4 to stop recieving a connection through the lan port .
im not sure how or why the only thing that occured was my isp xfinity losing all internet connection to our modem for awhile till we got that fixed .
since my ps4 was off the whole day and no power was out i thought i dodged a bullet .
but when i go to try and play later tonight i get the too manny usb connections '' notification and notice that my ps4 doesnt recognize my wired connection my headset ps platinum and my external hd seagate 2tb .
i tried unplugging everything including the console and giving it upwards of 2 hours to see if it was some weird power issue as a site suggested but nothing .
i am afraid to try safe mode and rebuilding database as if i read correctly it needs the controller connected via usb .
but neither port recognises anything so i dont want to get stuck in safe mode not knowing if i can back out of it if my ps4 doesnt recognize the controller .
im capable of buying a new ps4 if necessary but i am unsure how easy that would be and if i should rather try and find a ps5 since i may aswell just upgrade if this has happened but coughing up money for any new console if this is fixable is silly imo .
if anyone knows a place that is reliable in fixing ps4s too ill also accept that .
artificial intelligence gave us the best loved world leader we ever witnessed .
do humans even stand a chance against such tough competition ?
trump in comparison is very popular but still a human all too human president .
whereas obama made no mistakes the press overwhelmingly supported him and he was never once embarrassed .
we have already reached that epoch in history where we realize that ai bots do n't just make good machines but they also make great kings and leaders .
they know how to lead us better than any human ever can .
in a.i.s we must trust for our true welfare right ?
it 's like a human trying to solve an equation against a super computer of course the super computer is better and beyond competition but how do we deal with an artificial intelligence ruling over us ?
will humanity be forever enslaved by the a.i.s in future ?
i do n't think that a.i.s are risk free at all .
all the extreme weather events this year have been due to a.i .
controlled weather systems that have been installed for weather modification .
ruler of the new world who will decide humanity 's best fate .
could definitely use some prayers for my sister right now .
she 's currently in the icu end stage liver disease/kidney failure .
unless a miracle happens the doctors have given her a couple more months max ...
yes the game is rare but he has games that are much rarer such as cheetahmen ii on nes .
i 'm sure once the nerd released his earthbound episode fans probably sent him a bunch of physical copies of earthbound .
it 's like the time when the nerd said he did n't own a sega saturn and he ended up getting five saturns from fan donations which resulted in him deleting that video just to avoid getting more saturns .
earthbound is rare but it 's not unbelievably rare .
it 's not like air raid for the atari 2600 .
you 'd spend no more than 500 for a loose copy of earthbound .
from a recent attempt it seems that the 890 does not have enough fuel to leave the atmosphere of crusader .
at about 135k meters you run out and plummet back down
honestly what do you want me to do about it ?
alcohol has been toned down dramatically lately thanks to some sobriety apps
asshole guy with a girlfriend who wo n't stop texting me but never wants to meet up .
i think one massive thing you may be overlooking is playing for dragons .
when you have a lead at 15 minutes like that you should try to force dragon fights when ahead .
fiddlesticks is a great team fighter and making sure by 15 minutes at least 2 dragons are taken is a good way to win .
rift herald can be traded for 1st dragon as long as you use it before turret plating is down 14 minutes .
get as many early dragons as possible so that your team can be the one to secure soul .
i forgot the exact stats but taking soul usually gives a massive boost statistically and literally as the team with soul wins something like 80 percent .
in addition the team that secured first dragon wins around 60 .
this is usually because the team that gets the first dragon has a higher chance at snowballing .
it does not mean you can sit back and do nothing with the dragons .
snowball that lead that the dragon buffs give you and as fiddlesticks farm as much as possible and gank with r constantly so it 's almost never off cd or if you see an easy kill .
yeah these people are wild there are other photographers that have captured lighting like this out therr http www.edfarrellphotography.com/livermore.html
nigga lmao wym tried so hard he just got washed and i also said life is good
no about vietnam you have to understand that china has invaded vietnam and disturbed its sovereignty since forever .
it 's good that vietnam is strong as they are now .
they managed to resist mongols french us and chinese invasions and survived through all .
yuan-ti crystal artificer specialist with a enhanced arcane focus wand .
i will be making isometric tokens for all these characters and throwing them on https www.patreon.com/epicisometric https www.patreon.com/epicisometric if you use digital tabletops check us out .
artificers at level 11 can store spells and replicate magic items this character was storing his entire spellbook fire bolts light and rays of frost into replicated blue quartz crystals .
some of the larger crystals were attuned as enhanced arcane focuses .
other party members could also easily cast some of the crystals by activating magic items .
my goal is to level up my character drawing and painting skills and come out of it a better artist .
i 'll post every once in a while when i 've had too much too drink much like tonight .
super pumped with the team and the off-season moves .
no because i would feel out of place and i feel i would n't be accepted
the rpan channel for reading writing and discussing literature .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/readwithme if you have any questions or concerns .
would you look at that all of the words in your comment are in alphabetical order .
i have checked 151,407,536 comments and only 37,761 of them were in alphabetical order .
this is just a reminder that political discussions are not welcome on r/iwantout .
our rule 1 is to stay on topic and no politics .
this post has not been removed this comment exists to limit the amount of political comments that appear on us related posts .
messaging modmail about this reminder may result in the post getting removed .
the current political situation in the us is a valid reason to want to emigrate .
you do not need to opine excessively about what specifically you dislike about the current political situation .
if the post contains excessive political discussion the comments will likely follow suit .
op if your post contains excessive politics please remove the excessive politics from the post .
saying something neutral like i dislike the current administration '' or i disagree with the current political situation '' is perfectly sufficient .
we care far more about the specifics of how you will emigrate which citizenships you have or could claim what you do for work what degrees you have what skills you have what experience you have and your budget .
your beliefs largely make no difference to your ability to get out .
discouraging people from moving to the united states because of your personal beliefs about the country is not welcome here .
if op appears to be overlooking or missing information it is acceptable to inform them of what they might be missing .
remember us news is global news so people looking to move to the us are largely aware of the current political situation .
you talking about the latest news is not adding anything to the discussion .
just because you do n't like living in the us does n't mean that everyone would dislike living in the us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/iwantout if you have any questions or concerns .
that i am unsure off the top of my head .
but this subreddit ca n't even gain 73 xp in rc without crying about how it is n't 200k xp/hr
every time my formula feeding friends talk about feeding i am very supportive of their choices i 've never shamed anyone for how they choose to feed their child .
i 've listened to problems with changing formulas milk protein allergies etc and always been sympathetic and supportive .
i hear rants about how formula feeding is so shamed and i 'm looking around wondering by whom ?
who is shaming them when it is the norm for the vast majority of the population ?
i 've had friends tell me they felt shamed using bottles in public .
are you honestly saying that people are more judging of someone bottle feeding their child in public than breastfeeding them ?
i 've never heard any actual examples outside of midwives at the hospital encouraging breastfeeding that could be considered public shaming from any of my ff friends but there is a pervasive narrative that somehow keeps them on guard for shame all the time .
every time i have problems with breastfeeding i get asked why i have n't forced my baby to take a bottle she 's a bottle refuser but everyone just assumes i have n't tried hard enough .
when my baby lost 9 of her body weight in the first few days i was asked why i let her starve .
when i got her tongue tie cut at 10 days i was asked by a ff friend why i did n't just use a bottle and why i was so obsessed with bf .
my fil walks out of the room when i feed my child and makes me feel like i 'm disgusting .
i am asked repeatedly by friends and family whether i 'll stop breastfeeding her now she 's on solids at 6 months and when i say no they seem very weirded out and tell me she should be eating more and nursing less .
if i moan about sleepless nights i 'm told it 's my fault because i bf .
i 've had countless people make jokes about how it 's gross when people breastfeed when their kids can walk and talk and hope i 'm not going to be one of those weird crunchy '' mums .
or jokes about that game of thrones kid who still bfs at 7 .
when i complained about feeling completely touched out to my sister i was told i did n't have the right to complain as i was a gold standard '' mum .
but holy shit can you imagine if i dared say anything to any of my ff friends in a similar vein .
imagine if when they moaned about sterilising bottles i said that sucks in glad i do n't have to deal with that '' .
imagine if when they were on their 4th different brand of comfort milk trying to reduce their baby 's gas i said i do n't know pal i 've never really thought about it '' .
imagine if i bragged about never really having to burp my baby .
oh no i make sure never to make such comments despite listening to the oh god i 'm glad i do n't have to deal with leaking so gross '' i 'm so glad my husband actually gets to feed baby and bond '' and my recent favourite i decided i 'd prefer to ff because i wanted baby to actually bond with me not just see me as food '' .
because the idea that the whole world is shaming formula feeding mums is so pervasive that i would be under attack in seconds .
and yet the whole world feels free to attack me to assume i 'm some kind of judgemental cow .
my mere existence as a breastfeeding mum is somehow seen as an attack on ff mums .
i definitely ca n't give realistic advice to people teetering in their bf journey as that 's shaming too yes you need to let them latch constantly .
if you do n't do it you wo n't get a good supply .
yes they will lose more weight in the first week .
yes cracked nipples are a thing every bf mum has just had to deal with it .
i should be allowed to celebrate making it to 6 months without being shut down by the shame police .
i ride a long travel bike and run 25 on a short travel bike i 'd run more tokens and about 20 .
only thing i can say that would for sure be universally helpful is heavy feet light hands .
your post was removed for violating the rule against asking for medical advice .
nobody here is a doctor and they 're definitely not your doctor .
there are subreddits more suited to medical advice such as r/askdocs however the best course is to see your own doctor if you 're able .
we hope this does n't discourage you from participating in r/popping and submitting content that abides by the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean ... that 's what delta is doing now .
the viral load in vaccinated people is way higher then when the alpha variant was hitting vaccinated people .
allowing even vaccinated people to still spread the delta variant .
for complex projects you do n't have to type as much but mainly you have to code differently '' in exchange for various organinsational and funtional benefits .
librarys full of code so that you do n't have to hand-type as much are a thing however .
two bi-polar sine-waves into a 4-quadrant-mult output a circle on an xy plot plotting voltage inputs as axis .
what plane of values are you trying to graph that 's causing you difficulty to understand ?
typically ring-mod 4-quad-mult output is input-voltage-of-channel-a vs the same on channel b .
what in the flapjack maple syrup would drive someone to do this
this still does n't make any sense since a lot of anti-semites in the united states are from the far-right hence are also very islamophobic likewise you wo n't be seeing too many confederates remotely sympathetic to the palestinian struggle .
trina saying she 's an actor like girl olivia already doing that full time
i just close it an reopen another thing that worked was starting online and then injecting ozark .
it does n't sound to me like anyone got offended or hurt here .
the he 's not embarrassed nor should he be '' message was probably more to assure you that everything was alright .
looks a little weird coming out of the bottom .
i know it 's kids book and that 's kind a corny but i find it simple and inspiring .
i too am a fan of cats who sit like dudes .
kidd made everyone better outside of just the assist numbers .
the biggest change was also that we became an elite defense that year .
by the way why is everyone saying send it ' or full send ' lately .
i feel like bart simpson on his last day of summer when he finally watched that summer blockbuster and realized why everyone was saying get outta my face you raggedy maggots '
that moment in the original clone wars cartoon where they fly up to the battle in orbit .
you see thousands of what looks like fighters but as they get closer its turns out they are all captial ships .
do not post your skype name in a public .
we recommend against comments like pm 'd you '' or check your inbox '' or sent you a message '' as they are never useful .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfwskype if you have any questions or concerns .
a free accessible vaccine or three is a pretty good start .
i got a real issue but yeah in case of lying idk if you want cameras up your bum ... frankly prep was the worst .
i dropped like 5 bullets in this fudes face from 20m and several body shots on top of it and he still had health left .
apparently i have to comment for my post to go up ?
this comment is a copy of your post so readers can see the original text if your post is edited or removed .
this comment is not accusing you of copying anything .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
told him how i stayed inside almost everyday the last year and a half because of the pandemic .
how being native american made me really paranoid of diseases .
i also explained how i initially wanted to wholeheartedly take the j j vaccine when it became widely available a half a year ago but heavily faltered because of its recalling .
finally got my first shot of pzizer this week and mention this .
we 're at a bar this whole time mind you .
cut like two hours later after we 've been talking this entire time about the olympics leaning in and everything .
i lean in one more time and ask him a question and he all of a sudden just snaps and throws everything i told him in my face how i took a year and a half to take the vaccine .
as if i had early access to it somehow and that i should n't be in fucking public and that he was fucking serious .
i know it was prolly the booze or some underlying condition based off of how he kinda had this fast tick rocking to his movement but it really caught me.off guard .
i just apologized to him and scooched my chair a couple feet back and ceased any more talking to him .
i just did n't initially want to rush into anything after the recalling .
but this old man threw this all into my face and for a moment totally deflated any super positive feelings i had of finally taking my vaccinations .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
rihanna worked with him you mad at her or are you holding ye to a higher standard ?
i suppose just where i have come from is open then..
coolstuff inc in kendall is a good place to check out .
 o contrrio kkkk a msica  do chico ele fez pro dona flor e seus dois maridos e tem outras 2 msicas que tem o msm refro kkk  bom dms
oh please do i 'm always happy to share about my favorite series
yeah i got ta go back and increase it all around a bit .
definitely making it hard on myself with these thin lines .
unfortunately for going through a vein or not being in enough it really is very dependent on who is doing it their experience with all walks of veins and your veins .
do your best not to move at all when they poke you .
before they draw let them know you 're bruising really bad after draws and have a concern the needle is only going half in or going through because of the bruising and sudden stop of blood when being drawn .
maybe they 'll adjust their methods or give you insight about what they feel with your veins .
i stay saying he has a higher ceiling than iq no slight to quick .
it just takes him a while to get there .
someone publicize this to a hack journo group as the glock 7 for the lolz
... kind of my point though what 's the big remote execution threat for getting root and executing a very obvious and slow running script that
in a way that you would n't be able to reasonably avoid or intervene in the mean time .
anything i do n't trust is already running in a container browser other software or as a user process .
the monster threat on windows was that encryption was wicked fast and a user-level permission thing .
like i 'm not saying it 's impossible i just was wondering if there 's a boogeyman threat out there i have n't heard of .
i 've just been following this sub for a while and finally just decided to go pick up some stuff .
if this post declares something as a fact proof is required .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/interestingasfuck if you have any questions or concerns .
because fire and lava and hot steel and chili peppers are more common to us than fuckin neutron stars .
ah all the posts in the group are people exchanging information on where the food is ''
a tip can be a piece of info he tipped the cops of with informaton about his fellow criminals ''
the best goog looking ship i ever seen in this game so far !
nothing better than a basic black cotton bikini style pair of knickers too thanks for the share 
there has been 3 islands just released and 2 in about 3 weekish and you are already complaining ?
edit i see now someone else already said it .
still trying to find a less-subtle look that i actually like 
also with android phones you 've always had the choice to decide what matters most in a phone
my friend for example wanted a phone that charges very fast so he imported a xiaomi mi 10 ultra
i know another person who wanted an absolute beast of a phone for testing mobile games he 's a dev but it did n't need good camera because it lives in his office
and me i wanted a cheap phone with a good camera and i 've been very happy with the pixel 4a .
cut the whole fucking lot of her friends and family out of your life .
they are keeping contact to use you just like she did .
they do n't have your best interests at heart .
think about the interest of the company running the game spoiler it 's money .
income is directly tied to the amount of players you can attract .
if your game runs on every machine no matter how old it is you get more customers .
therefore adding low spec settings that are playable is perfectly reasonable .
if you deny this think about the requirements of the most successful service games of the last years .
they all run on your moms 10 year old laptop that she used to check emails .
it 's not pretty but it runs and 12 year old timmy can invest his pocket money in teemo skins .
probably confirmed spread or the guy not being forthcoming .
we ca n't rule out incompetence of the nsw gov though .
i doubt the average person really does until they get hit by a proper online shitstorm targeted against them
there 's a big difference between reading about such stories and personally experiencing them
aside from my personal thoughts on high ar that i already wrote this list seems pretty nice although at a glance im not sure if ooedo ranvu belongs in the bottom category unless the problem is solely the ar
overall this is way harder than the average diff of my list admittedly my list was supposed to range from someone should have already fced this '' to around what yours is so much appreciated
missed the point those ppl try and fail clearly to get across
if it was n't a speed van and empty were n't pulled over you 'll probably be fine .
watch your speed if it 's going to cause you this much worry .
you roll in get a sedative if you want get a camera up your bum and then roll out .
the only unpleasant bit is the prep the night before .
so your first cousin wants to bang you basically ?
i honestly tried reading to find out but i could n't make it past the first few of his messages
contact u/tapucosmo https www.reddit.com/user/tapucosmo if there are any issues .
good question i guess they think people wo n't buy another copy just because the cover is different
i really hope marvel gets that right with moon knight .
moon knight is the same type of shock and awe psycho who makes a big deal of causing as much chaos as possible .
for every perfectly precise fighter you need your whirling dervishes of chaos to balance things out .
so basically with the first guy whom you like .
you 're avoiding him because you both have misunderstandings on the other side the one who caused you problems you 're considering him because he likes you right ?
there have been some changes to how comics are handled on r/funny https www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/nzp2n0/announcement_were_making_some_changes_to_how .
no political content or political figures regardless of context or focus .
no social media screenshots videos or other such content .
please report rule-breaking content https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules when you see it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funny if you have any questions or concerns .
the show of palestinian flags at labour conference during corbyns leadership unleashed the dogs of war both domestic and foreign to end the parties dalliance with moderate socialism
that 's just using everything available to do a job better .
yeah i just do n't understand what would 've happened had we exceeded the wage cap could we have registered all of our players or just some ?
and in that case how would we have chosen ?
i 'd imagine we did n't renew him because we did n't have enough money otherwise i do n't know the answers to those questions .
full event replays are available on the official olympics website https olympics.com/tokyo-2020/en/replay for free with choice of english commentary including the opening and closing ceremony
hope they retreat from parliamentary and labour party politics to prepare this imminent revolution .
maybe then starmer has a clear shot at becoming pm in the interregnum period .
as a reminder the comment rules are listed in the sidebar .
if you see a comment or post that breaks the rules please report it to the moderators .
this helps keep the subreddit clear of rule-breaking content .
if this post is not bullshit and needs an explanation of why it 's not bullshit report the post and reply to this comment with your explanation which helps us find it quickly .
and of course if you 're here from r/all or r/popular do n't forget to subscribe to r/quityourbullshit !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/quityourbullshit if you have any questions or concerns .
almost broke my ps controller doing this for 1 and 2 .
users must comment on this post prior engaging in a trade or sale .
u/ube1kenobi you must confirm that your potential b/s/t partner has commented on your post prior to the finalizing the transaction .
do not deal with anyone who will not comment on your post .
if you can not see the comment on your post do not trade with them .
if someone pms you saying they commented on your post but you can not see it it means automod removed their comment and you should not trade with them .
even if their comment is visible on their profile .
if you 're buying make sure to get proof from the seller that they have the pop in hand .
this means having them send you a timestamped photo with their username on it .
asking for friends and family/venmo/cash app payment is a bannable offense .
if someone requests payment through friends and family please report it .
users swap reputation can be found in the user flair .
if you 're unable to see it or want more detailed information click send on this message .
if you believe you have been scammed please fill out this form https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=r/funkoswap subject=i 20think 20i 20have 20been 20scammed message 20username 20of 20the 20person 20scamming 20me 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20the 20thread 20where 20the 20transaction 20originated 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20screenshots 20uploaded 20to 20imgur 20of 20my 20conversations 20with 20the 20scammer 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20an 20explanation 20of 20the 20situation 20 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funkoswap if you have any questions or concerns .
if you do n't like your shitty jobs then you can leave ''
the little slap the man gives the camel 's snoot gets more and more hilarious each time i watch this .
i played a couple 3 players games with two guys one of them my regular opponent i play different games with very often and the other was some new guy .
this was a year ago tho and i ca n't remember the exact rules we played with anymore .
nothing official really i think we just played 3 way game with the most basic rules on a standard table .
i play resistors my buddy plays scum and the new guy was galactic republic afaik .
this comment was removed automatically for violating rule 1 no profanity .
if you believe that this was removed in error please message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/truechristian if you have any questions or concerns .
this was what the season was supposed to me .
not a bunch of heavy conversations and drama rehashed over and over again .
even charlie was interesting to watch when he was on the screen interacting with others .
this is the person calling u a genocide denier lol
i would just like to point out that the commander tag the thing that lets your form large groups and take control of a group is gained from an item in game that costs 300gold and 250 badges of honor .
300g is nothing to scoff at and definitely creates a situation where only veterans and people who buy gold are going to have the tag making it so anyone new is always getting the short end of the stick and ca n't run a group of their own .
i believe this practice has deterred newer players from trying to even engage with the squad system creating a system of elitism in what is a team-centric game .
if i could put an idea forward it would be to get rid of this currency barrier so that people would have an easier time trying to create and run teams which is n't necessarily an easy task in itself .
now i need to see a pic of your brother ? 
i think the high apy/apr on cake pools is not sustainable long term .
i especially like the one that played when naoto called nagatoro cute
at the left an overly muscular doge standing on its rear paws .
serving hls video at 1080p 60fps from some asbestos insulated server hut in a remote region of south american jungle iran siberia or saharan africa .
in a rich country incapale of getting rtmp over a virtual machine with nginx in the google cloud to work .
i know you jest but there is a lot of unwarranted cynicism surrounding batteries .
people think every battery breakthrough '' never has any application however any such research is simply another step in progress .
it 's 2021 and we literally have industrial scale battery farms for load balancing statewide power grids .
tiny batteries can power ear buds for many hours .
while battery capacity in phones has somewhat plateaued in the last decade longevity has improved .
the fact my phone is 4 years old and can still support medium use throughout a day is testament to that .
that 's well over 1000 battery cycles and heavy use .
we used to upgrade phones due to poor battery life .
and the old nokia that powers up after 3 years in a drawer only does so due to its low power use .
try and make a call with it and you will be sorely disappointed .
i love that the reason is indian and quickly change from 5000 rupees ?
it 's like straight up money please ala mona-lisa saperstein .
yup it took a while to kill it perfectly but i managed to kill it for less than 5 minutes thanks for the advice !
just look at any klopp quote thread after a loss .
everyone is calling him a whining losers no one talks about the performance .
sure you could go and play football rugby hand egg with some friends for free even .
assume that every project posted is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise .
use tools such as http www.bscheck.eu and https tokensniffer.com to help you determine if this project is legitimate but do not solely rely on these tools .
be sure to read comments particularly those who are downvoted and warn your fellow redditors against scams .
feel free to join in on our newly made telegram at https t.me/cryptomoonshots to discover and submit projects as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cryptomoonshots if you have any questions or concerns .
unpopular opinion a 20 should always succeed if rolling 20 is n't enough they had no chance why make them roll ?
his feelings might be beyond his control but his power of speech certainly is n't .
yeah to be honest i only use room eq as a guide and then mess with it until i feel like my speakers are happy ... its such a guessing game really
i was about to ping you and say 'wake up cunt '
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivetitsnass if you have any questions or concerns .
unless you want to lose the happy cheerful part of your personality definitely dump this douche .
from left vukan nemanji st. sava and stefan prvovenani three brothers .
after their father abdicated in favour of stefan there was a conflict between him and vukan the eldest son .
the conflict was solved with the help of sava as shown in the painting .
the last ny times article was not kind to her so did he throw her under the bus !
fax although the name of the subreddit does confuse some people .
yeah u always took fall damage but now u die
there 's a looooooot of assumptions you 're making here with a little too much confidence for my liking .
as far as tips i do n't think any tips can help you pretty much the rules are there are no rules just find a spot and take it lol .
but i would move your car before street cleaning starts unless you 've charted their exact routes and times .
i think it would just be easier to err on the side of caution and move it at least 5 or 10 minutes before the time
in fallout 3 it used to restore all action points
i have three cases still posted for tomorrow so that 's good i guess .
op tell all your friends and ask them to tell anyone else they hear talking about you that jeremy is flat-out lying about what happened .
give them your version of the story just as you 've told it to us .
anyone who knows both of you will be able to figure out that you are the one who 's telling the truth and jeremy 's just trying to make himself look like god 's gift to the female race .
yeah right he 's so hot that you went horny-crazy followed him home without an invitation and then chased him right into his own bedroom .
i guess he does n't know that when guys get blackout drunk they usually ca n't maintain an erection so piv sex would have been difficult or impossible .
as for why he did this i bet he 's still furious at you for turning him down for a hookup last year .
when you 're god 's gift to the female race you ca n't bear it when one of them rejects you .
and when he said you 'd been planning this hookup for a long time he was actually talking about himself .
he deliberately planned to take sexual revenge on you that night .
i know you feel shamed and humiliated right now but the good news is that juicy gossip items like this are extremely short-lived .
before you know it some new tidbit will totally bury jeremy 's lie and no one except you and he will care any more .
and as i said anyone who knows both of you will be able to sort out the he-said she-said and decide which story is more believable especially if you have always been honest with them in the past .
i 'm the wrong person to ask on the subject but what i do know is the missile knows where it is at all times .
it knows this because it knows where it is n't by subtracting where it is from where it is n't or where it is n't from where it is whichever is greater it obtains a difference or deviation .
the guidance sub-system uses deviations to generate corrective commands to drive the missile from a position where it is to a position where it is n't and arriving at a position where it was n't it now is .
consequently the position where it is is now the position that it was n't and it follows that the position where it was is now the position that it is n't .
in the event of the position that it is in is not the position that it was n't the system has required a variation .
the variation being the difference between where the missile is and where it was n't .
if variation is considered to be a significant factor it too may be corrected by the gea .
however the missile must also know where it was .
the missile guidance computance scenario works as follows because a variation has modified some of the information the missile has obtained it is not sure just where it is however it is sure where it is n't within reason and it knows where it was .
it now subracts where it should be from where it was n't or vice versa .
by differentiating this from the algebraic sum og where it should n't be and where it was .
it is able to obtain a deviation and a variation which is called air '' https youtu.be/_ljn3uclyzu
not being able to stop laughing just means this person has the same brain-eating disorder as biden
wow okay so first things first the naruto example you talk about is a good example that if done well and properly executed can be cool but that 's a story line of a bigger scale that i do n't even attempt .
i prefer fics that tell a more intimate story line short and sweet does it for me and so when i write fanfiction about genderbent characters i either have their birth gender altered and basically just tell a story with the same character with the same relationships but they were just born a different sex and identify as that sex or i 'd write a story where they are changed into the opposite gender and are happy with it and showcase them learning to accept themselves and show the people around them accepting them as well .
it 's those kind of storylines i like and it works because i 'm a train-wreck when it comes to completing fanficion i 've started a billion stories and of those billion i 've complete 3 and they r all one-shots
just the other day i had a vivid dream where in the dream my mom was thrown out of her grave and mysteriously thrown into a sea of unidentifiable bodies .
for some strange reason people did n't want to tell me but i ended up finding out in some horrific way  i ca n't exactly remember how i found out but i remember just wailing from the depths of my soul and screaming bloody murder .
woke up feeling so terrible and went to go visit her grave to cry some more apart of me feels like the dream was symbolic but then again i 'm not so sure .
million bucks says the idf did it and blamed extremists
thanks man i 'll probably end up saving up for the x. the specs look better
i remember seeing announcement from the author that they are tired and next chapter will be extra edition so we have to wait for one month for the plot continuation .
so he made a fool of himself by giving a very long-winded speech at his orientation alienating all his coworkers then called in sick for 30 days and then quit ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
unfortunately the other buyer just paid for it a few minutes ago .
as if hiring people was n't difficult enough right now .
businesses are all up in arms about remote workers right now there will be more of them and it will drive middle managers who like asses in seats crazy .
it 's the same boat you are in now .
i could still choose to specialize in fluid power but i 'll never catch up '' to someone who has 16k hours in fluid power alone .
what are you currently doing to try and get on the other side of it ?
jimmy dore and briahna joy gray come to mind .
but yeah lance is different from these people for sure .
all i hear is hips breaking ... what 's that ?
you never said or whatever your gender is..  j
i ran out of hopes and dreams a long time ago ... the plumbing is safe
for sure was n't as bad as op makes it out to be .
either he got in trouble and deserves it or he 's still fresh and does n't know how it 's about to go .
i think that the better way to look at it is what the manager should do given two batters with the same ops bat the one with the higher obp in front of the one with the higher slugging .
that said it would be a tiny effect you 'd maybe get a couple of extra runs a season that way .
basically blame deviantart 2011 and a mlp and regular show crackship .
back then both shows were really popular and although they did focus on very different target audiences there was still enough fringe overlap to create crossover communities .
it 's explained a lot better in this video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ysfnyovqgzi by dog eat dog but basically a writer of a popular multi-series crossover fanfiction on deviantart introduced a friendship dynamic between the humanoid blue jay mordecai from regular show and the magic pony twilight sparkle from my little pony and also did introduce a bit of romance .
since the internet and especially deviantart is weird this took off immediately creating a wierdly popular mordetwi ship community .
as part of the community one person made fanart of the ship in a hypothetical situation where they are separated and angsting about it inspired by and using lyrics from the song airplanes by b.o.b .
the fanart due to it 's relatively poor drawing quality oddly funny dramedy and overall framing among other aspects became an instant classic meme really encapsulating the unique energy of crackships .
flash-forward to 2021 tik-tok rediscovered the fanart and it 's immense meme potential the song also helped as well as nostalgia for simpler internet times and the image became popular once more and while still used primarily for crackships it has also been used for ships as a whole including lumity .
the joke about amity not knowing about airplanes comes from the fact that the image uses the lyrics could we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are shooting stars at which point the duet is supposed to go cuz i could really use a wish right now wish right now wish right now but since amity would n't canonically know about airplanes being from the demon realm and all the joke luz what the fuck is an airplane is a meta subversion of the original image .
why did i just dedicate 15 minutes of my life to describing a meme .
it 's crazy how if the church is n't hyper progressive then they 're obviously preaching hate and condemnation .
your comment karma is below 5 to prevent spam and negative posts we require your karma to be over 5 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/puffco if you have any questions or concerns .
and even then disney declared the entire eu non-canon .
so they were under zero obligation to follow any of it just the movies .
went there a few days ago with my family and it was pretty cool .
the butterfly event going on right now and was really cool to see them just fly around .
i did n't realize she 'd been vaccinated before getting covid .
giddey just sprained his ankle he should be fine .
he 's probably day-to-day and that one play was pretty good .
this is the second time today i 've watched a girl land her snootch on a skateboard .
i dont care if your red or blue i just dont want some old white fucks in charge of us
playing the game for over an hour just for someone to exploit an ai for a full yellow set is just a waste of time .
do n't blame him for quitting it after that .
i only been there one semester and i can honestly say from what i remember the people were very friendly honestly if it was not for the long drive from where i live i would of gone there
its like fnaf but youre in the white house hiding from biden and you 're a 12 year old girl .
take your toxic culture bs and order from another app
what i sometimes do for animals is to sit or lay down on the floor with them .
you 're making yourself more accessible and it will often get their attention .
it 's not magical but it works for me .
can be mixed with something else like play pet treats or something someone else replied .
one thing that helps me is to lean forward when i sit on the floor .
i have a habit of leaning backwards and i realized that encourages her .
otherwise always keep a toy in your back pocket and godspeed .
just watched wolf 's winkercast where he gets runk and his mouth bleeds for the first time lolol
a reminder of why i joined up with the firm
rachel was completely correct when she said that doug is treating dougie like an inmate .
cherry kool-aid mostly because otherwise corpses turn that sickly ash color .
i took medical anatomy in college that included the traditional corpse on a cold slab .
i remember him kicking 5 against the lions in 2016 next week he had 0.0 and barely touched the ball .
bro if we do n't make a religion with seasalt as our diety imma be big sad
cue camera to shot of dan holding the cup to his mouth having taken a mouthful he freezes and stares over the top of his cup
when i have been on the verge of staying or ending relationships i ask myself the age old question if i stay where will i be in five years ?
if i go how much better would my life be ?
when i have asked myself this question really assessed everything well and left .
is she supposed to be the most upstanding reporter for international news ?
maybe she 's sensationalizing her stories because even after her horrible story comes to light nothing is don
wait you 're saying people should be allowed to lie to win ?
you make 400k yet had to ask comp sci related question on r/learnprogramming ?
that tells me that you probably work at some no-name one .
i 'm canadian we have an issue with keeping talent so while it 's not a no-name one we do n't have prestigious universities .
except you said to not wear pants '' not going nude .
imagine saying non proto indo european europeans instead of non-yamnaya europeans .
unfortunately 8 months i had covid and tested two days after and was negative .
friends had it so still quarantined and then got a cold so tested again and had it .
he 's a covid zero guy which imo is never ever going to happen and is n't helpful .
the only we should be closely monitoring in nyc where hospitalization is extremely low !
he should do his job and spend time in manhattan in neighborhoods where the percentage is low rather than tweet to his eco chamber of people living in lower manhattan zip codes with 80-90 vaccination rates .
why do people think they can stop cars with their bodies ?
yes i really do n't know why you ca n't understand that
late last year i got obsessed with triathlons and i was training for a mini triathlon .
i brought all the gear fancy swimsuit flippers heart rate monitor everything .
i even read books about people who went from no exercise to doing an ironwomen this was never going to be me what was i thinking .
i exercised daily and then i got an injury which is likely from increasing my activity too quickly .
on the plus side the exercise did help my anxiety and mental health .
i brought so many supplies and books and even brought an art desk and set it all up .
then i got depressed and could n't focus and lost interest .
let us know what the edit out of the ceremonies .
honestly this is the best moment with asuelu and kalani and her mom
what the fuck are you on dude can you repeat that in english .
my point is not as much as you 'd think there would be .
highly recommend sabrina sprague had a great experience using her .
it made me say wtf so thought other people who like wtf shit would like it .
while that is true that parents can totally suck .
i really wonder what is the most common class for dimitri xd
i think this is the one i wrote most recently .
i sometimes post them out of order so it might appear to be older than other ones
my local police killed george floyd and a long list of other people .
do n't worry i wo n't call them during an emergency because i 'd probably end up dead anyways .
they wanted to have friday available in case thursday is rained out
just keep playing you already have the right attitude !
depends on the cheese they can get very expensive though
hi i 'm a cheese connoisseur and expert here to answer all of your questions about cheese
i remember now right after the hawks series he ate 10 spicy chicken wings
we should still implement it but do n't expect miracles !
sweden has had cgt forever and their housing market is almost as fucked as ours .
at least there you 've got strong renters rights and affordable rental apartments but you have to wait 10 years for an apartment .
how long does it take to get approved for backpay ?
however i do understand people putting woodruff above buehler which might be two because of my bias .
all in all it 's close and will probably come down to the last week or two in the season .
the face when someone ignores what i say so i mutter might as well talk to a brick wall then ' and they suddenly ping into oh hi there ! '
nailed it because nard looks like he 's about to or just finished saying it
if op was n't asking if it was a static or dynamic rope my response would be different
a deep narrow vertical hole or sometimes a horizontal tunnel that gives access to a mine .
dang i did almost the same thing without even checking promo guy .
i took cease u7.5 davies over 4.5 and chw ml .
so glad we got closure for his character but the boss fight was ridiculously easy unfortunately
i mean the wheel of pain is just some sort of engine you could easily have something like a horse mill/whim which you are allowed to hook people into in addition to livestock .
just trying to finish eevolution community day analysis and then ultra unlock park 3 analysis first while fighting off a nasty cold/flu thing .
if you think this post is a shitpost upvote this comment !
if you think this post is a godawfulpost downvote this comment !
and now some info that 's only relevant if this post is a video/gif .
all comments tagging downloader bots will be automatically removed on behalf of kevin because he does n't like it when you spam requests for those bots .
therefore i have provided some download links for you instead .
please use these links if you want to download this post .
kevin would also like to remind you that if you 're really desperate youtube-dl can be used to download videos from reddit .
whilst you 're here ahmad18620 why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/qpbgxd2guu ?
strong tight menstrual cramps when i felt them at 7cm .
so as the title says i hid my title-bar via css for a super clean look getting the min-max-close buttons back as toolbar buttons was easy enough but is there an addon that adds a toolbar button that allows me to move the window ?
or can i somehow add the move window '' function to the url-bar container with css ?
reason for selling played it once with my wife near the beginning of the pandemic and have n't touched it since figured it 's time to let it go since i 'm trying to make space in my collection for other games .
i do not smoke but i do have a cat .
im not here to piss and moan about wubby not streaming we know how that goes .
but ... monday magic streams are some of my favorite and i miss them .
i know modern horizons 2 prices tanked and afr set has little to no value but i miss slow chat and the boys cracking packs .
it 'd be cool to see some vintage box breaks when contemporary sets are uninteresting .
anyways i 'm sure he will stream again ... until then what are some of you guys favorite magic memories as of late ?
i pulled an allosaurus sheperd yesterday and some good battlebond stuff too .
sorry for thanks for playing ca n't be a winner every time kenny even if you have all the cheat codes
please stop going afk in these rooms you 're making it harder for others to find a room where all are active .
if you want to wait in the room do n't go afk just keep on hopping rooms till you find the right room .
i recently downloaded some old decks to compile into one larger deck .
it seems the scheduling information for some of the cards was still present browser showed the average time for the cards and percent correct etc. .
so i tried resetting all the cards to fix this .
now all of them are new '' but still hold this percent correct average time etc .
on top of this now on the heat map it shows i have reviewed 8000 cards for today about 4000 cards in the deck originally .
something must have happened when i tried to reset the cards .
i really prefer to have the correct review count for today as now my average cards/day is skewed .
hi folks i have n't found any answers that are n't from 2018 so here goes
in coop does using a suppressor make a difference ?
i love the concept of being sneaky-beaky but if it does n't i might as well save the points .
is the game using the hitscan-for-close-range projectile-for-long-range mechanic that was talked about around release ?
i ca n't really tell if there 's any bullet drop or travel time at the shooting range .
is it based off of movement speed so walking crouching or leaning would quieten yourself and stacking them together makes you quieter still or just when you use the walk toggle ?
i got the r5 1600 that has 8c/16t i wonder if that is more than sufficient to keep up with 1660ti at stock clock 3.20 ghz .
will overclocking the cpu give more fps in this case ?
so i 've been leveling a paladin through msq and really digging it i also have a 35 black mage and figured i 'd try samurai since i 'm now 52 ... is it supposed to be this intimidating to suddenly get all these skills at once ?
i get the core concept of the class but i 'm certain i 'm not playing or rotating optimally .
i imagine this is kind of the point i 'm looking forward to dark knight but i 'm only just over half way through msq should i expect the same level of feeling thrown into the deep end ?
gets drafted into the spurs because david robinson was injured .
happens to be coached by greg popovich as well .
robinson and duncan go on to win a title they then acquire manu and tony parker and then almost a decade later get kawhi leonard .
it seems like talent himself aside he was gifted a silver platter by the nba gods .
imagine if david robinson was never injured and made the playoffs that year .
this is the equivalent to if everyone on the warriors got injured in the beginning of 2019 rather than the playoffs and draft zion williamson to play with klay and curry .
his prime years were early and short but he still had the best cards laid out for him when he was in his dominant years
suicides should be normalized so people like can die peacefully .
if someone is trying to kill themselves there is probably a good reason for it just let them do it .
not counting the pop smoke or donda interlude bc they are pretty obvious .
trying to play with my friends and this keeps us from matchmaking anyone know why this keeps happening ?
this is really strange and i 'm trying to stop but but the desire is too strong .
when i was really young 13 yrs old or so i started watching porn and masturbating and at the same time playing with my nipples rubbing them and such .
i love rubbing my nipples more than masturbating it 's so much pleasure it leaves me satisfied during sex i ca n't cum without having my nipples rubbed one past girlfriend was fond of me doing it and she loved rubbing my nipples till i come my other ex 's thought it 's creepy and our relationships never last at age 30 i stopped watching porn and masturbating but i continued with rubbing my nipples for sensual pleasure to date at age 34 i do n't rub them ejaculate but i just love the hype lustful moments i get the pleasure takes me to different fantasies from the nipple sensitivities .
sometimes i do it without realizing in public i can control the edge but in my private space i ca n't i 'm dating this wonderful lady for 6 month never had sex with her as i want to wife her after 12 months of dating did n't tell her my addiction and we are compatible spiritually and i love her .
but now i want to stop in the next 6 month as i afraid this will mess up my relationship as shes not a fan of self sexual pleasure she believes in meditation and i want to really heal nipple rubbing addiction is starting to worry me i do it without realizing and it 's embarrassing to catch myself doing it everyday .
i think it 's like when people blink they eyes .
i just got an ipad 8 and a first generation apple pencil .
it 's fully charged and it 's connected properly .
i googled the issue and it said that it could be because the app i 'm using does n't support the pencil but that does n't make sense .
it does n't work on the home screen for the most part .
i am not looking for a diagnosis or medical advice
just got my 3rd mri done today and was allowed to take home a copy this time .
i am wondering if anyone can give me an idea of what i am looking at looking for when reading this type of imaging .
my doctor should be calling me this week to go over it anyways so i am not looking for medical interpretation i just really enjoy looking at these and am beyond curious .
i am having a difficult time locating the nerves in detail .
to me one side looks different than the other but i have no idea what that could mean .
it has now been 6 weeks of weakness shaking tingling and pain from my left shoulder down to my fingers .
the gabapentin they gave me helped a lot as far as functioning better but it interacted with another scrip so i had to discontinue .
i am really hoping this mri will finally show what is wrong so i can get it resolved .
i can share images but there are so many i would n't even know where to begin .
a place for members of r/greenidge to chat with each other
i accidentally spilled coconut oil all on my mattress and bed sheets .
i 'm a serial binger of popular crime shows .
i 've touched on almost every series i 've had the desire to up to this point ... but then this just popped up on my radar and i have no idea how i missed it !
i 've been away on a movie hiatus since i wrapped up the last season of line of duty so i 'm looking to explore my crime series passions further and ... maybe this could be my next rodeo .
what 's this series similar to for comparison sake ?
30 cute loli anime characters top loli characters in anime https www.myanimeforlife.com/30-cute-loli-anime-characters-top-loli-characters-in-anime
i will go to my school and tape a copy of the original doawk to my body most likely or carry it around and shove it on people 's faces and to make this more interesting i 'm a 8th grader in middle school i will post a picture of it either being taped to my chest or on my arm but i 'd rather chose it taped to my arm i will probably post pictures of it but if this goes wrong and i embarrassed myself in school and get myself in trouble which will very likely happen i think the only place to do this goal is at the cafeteria so please my fellow internet people and redditors and gamers please wish my luck on my quest of self-embarrassment god bless jeff kinney for this point in my life .
i 39 yo have been curious for a few years .
but like some other guys on here i 've never been attracted to men .
over the past few months i 've sucked a few guys but each of them was small to average in size .
i love making them cum but their dicks do n't make me horny .
i wondered if i really was into dick or if i was just very confused .
last week i got messaged by an older 57 yo married white guy .
he sent me a dick pic and i almost started to drool .
eight inches cut thick veiny as fuck with a big mushroom head .
he said he wanted to fuck my throat and my ass .
i got really nervous but his cock made me so horny i knew it did n't matter .
he told me he would get a motel room saturday morning which was the only time he could get out of the house unsuspiciously .
we chatted early saturday and decided on a motel .
i raced to meet him and once i got to his room got him naked as quickly as possible .
he was a short fit guy which made his cock look even bigger .
he was semi hard before we even started and once he started growing his cock felt like a wrist .
i could n't keep my mouth off of it and i worshipped his alpha cock as best as i could .
i found myself saying oh my god and holy fuck over and over .
he said he knew i had been waiting for dick like this and i told him he had no idea .
i tried to deep throat him but i could n't .
i kissed it all over covering his dick in spit .
i jerked him slow sucking the head and swirling my tongue underneath .
i wanted to enjoy every inch of his dick .
he was loving it but after about five mins he told me to lay on my back with my head hanging over the bed .
he lined up his rock hard cock and asked if i was ready .
i said yes and he started slowly fucking my face .
feeling him slip into my throat was an amazing feeling .
after the first couple times he went all the way in with no resistance .
my nose got clogged up being upside down so every time he went balls deep i literally could n't breathe but he would hold his dick deep in my throat until the last second every time .
he was moaning and telling me how hot i was .
when he was n't face fucking me he would either stretch my cheeks with his cock or make me lick and suck his balls while slapping his cock on my face .
it was the hottest experience i 've ever had .
after about five minutes of face fucking he pulled his cock out until just the head was in my mouth and i felt him start to pulse .
unlike other cocks i 've sucked this one pulsed .
he said he was going to cum and then immediately started shooting thick ropes into my hungry mouth .
i started gulping them down so i would n't drown .
he pulled out all the way and let me lick him clean .
i thought he would want to fuck me and i was ready but he immediately got in the shower .
i scolded myself for making him cum with my mouth .
as much as i wanted it and loved it i should have insisted that he fucked me .
but it was also the first time i got face fucked and i kept thinking how hot that had been .
he got out of the shower and gave me a hug .
he said that was really hot but he had to go .
part of me felt like that was it and i would probably never see him again .
even while he was still there i could n't stop thinking about his huge hard cock .
but he left and a few minutes later i did too .
i checked about thirty minutes later to see if he had messaged me but he had n't .
the way it had looked when i first got him naked .
the way it looked when i sucked him normally .
the way it looked when he fucked my face .
the way i could see the base of his shaft pulse while he filled my mouth with cum .
i messaged him telling him how hot that had been and how amazing his cock was .
he responded almost immediately apologizing for not fucking me but thanking me for a great blowjob .
he said he was hoping i would become a regular for him but we would need to see if we were compatible fucking first .
i told him i had wanted him to fuck me bad and regretted not asking him to .
i told him if he wanted to go back to the motel i would meet him and we could fuck right then .
he laughed and said that while he wished he could he was busy but would fuck me very soon .
it 's been a few days since then and while we have n't fucked yet we 've been chatting nonstop .
he keeps sending me dick pics telling me he will soon own my ass .
i seriously ca n't stop thinking about his cock .
i find myself daydreaming about his big dick sliding slowly into my ass .
i want him to fuck me doggy style and pound me so i feel his balls slap on my ass .
he wants me to ride him and jerk off while he 's deep inside me so he can watch me cum with a cock in my ass .
i want to let him fuck me all day over and over .
i want him to crave my ass as much as i crave his cock .
it 's obvious now that i 'm just a slut for big dick .
i 'm kind of worried to find out how much worse this addiction gets once he fucks me .
but i know i ca n't help myself from giving him my ass whenever he wants to take it .
i was just thinking of getting an owl but not sure if anyone has better recommendations or setups given the form factor of the pdw
posting round 3 early because i will be out all day just in case we move super quick .
c. message the next player informing them they are on the clock .
if you select someone already selected you must take someone else .
if the person after you picks before you have fixed your mistake that player will not be available to you so please be on top of things .
redo of healer really is redo of healer canceled ?
hey so ive tried looking at wiki how stuff and a brief search through reddit posts and im having trouble with tucking ... mainly my berries im gon na use diff words since saying balls feels odd tbh ive managed to tuck once before with a pair of leolines but i was constantly fighting my berries trying to keep them in place ... i think from what i heard they are supposed to just pop into place and stay there ... but mine dont ... am i not pushing them far enough in ?
idk how to even begin asking for visual help baring that of a video call but im at the point of throwing that idea out there as an option i consent to .
i 'm a fairly new artist but it suffices and i have some ocs that i 'd love to get to house on toyhouse .
i am in a need of a workflow orchestration tool .
also if any one sees a benefit of having own airflow cluster instead of a cloud composer solution
hi yall i 'm from philly and am getting a tattoo in clayton nj in a week and was trying to figure out ticket pricing for the trip .
it says i have to take the 408 to millville but when i go on the app the bus is n't on there for some reason .
i just do n't want any trouble getting up there for my appointment .
jesus fucking christ people had barely posted the .lua scripts this time
a place for members of r/ugvrp to chat with each other
b/o  sport gloves slingshot ft 0.21 but i 'm willing to consider other gloves/knives/skins as well .
no cash offers unless you have a lot of rep .
you can be sure i 'll always do my best to never let you down
'cause your love 's the most precious thing that i 've ever known
but i 'm sure yeah that we 'll be together
is this sentence correct to use there ai n't no grave can hold my body down '' i think it should be there ai n't no grave that can hold my body down '' .
by the way this sentence is lyrics of a song .
whenever i visit nyc i 'm always struck by the views down certain streets where it feels like the urban canyon has enough symmetry and consistently tall buildings that it reaches a vanishing point even earlier than the urban canyon ends .
it makes me feel like a kid standing in awe for a split second .
i find madison ave looking north from anywhere in midtown to be the best example of this but i 've happened to catch glimpses of some crosstown streets from various uber rides etc that seem to have similar views .
what streets do you all find have the most impressive urban canyon views ?
a place for members of r/crazystufff to chat with each other
i had applied for masters at aut and within a week i got a rejection mail stating based on my current academics a pgdiploma is a better suited option and they have filled an application on my behalf i just had to submit it to complete the application process .
it 's been more than two weeks since i completed the application to pg diploma but there has been no response so far .
 police doge  stealth launch  listed on pancakeswap  liquidity locked
token police doge is funded solely through its own cryptocurrency a bep20 token leveraging a smart contract on the binance block chain network .
 we set out below some key points for you to consider choosing us
no dev wallet admins will also buy after launch and keep feeding the liquidity if it is necessary
 we are sick of it aswell it so we have created our own token and dedicated it to all those that have been scammed so get in early and do n't miss out !
we will make sure this token is safe and a good investment for all with great rewards to our early holders ...
i might post more of these as i learn the technical side .
while playing early on you mightve noticed your charge pin users randomly flying around .
by using a pin and flicking the camera to face another enemy you can fly across the map and get the hecc out of dodge faster than both dodging and running while keeping the combo going .
with charge pins this trait is active during charge up and with support pins this trait does not exist because you can not move while using support skills that deal damage
i 'm your step-uncle and you want to try something ... you want to hypnotize me well i 'm already kind of a sucker for your face .
kinks any and all of the following are welcome no humiliation
tonight i 'm looking to chat with prospective cuckolds and/or their hotwives .
i 've been a bull for almost 17 years now and have plenty of experience both online and off .
i 'm willing to share stories as well as answer any questions you might have also there 's no judgement here .
so if you 're curious about the kink itself or want to explore it deeper than you have before my inbox or chat requests are open .
if you 're interested in role play i 'm open to that as well !
ideally it would be based around the concept of cuckolding/hotwifing but can be based off a previous prompt of mine or we can discuss an idea of your own .
i prefer reddit chat but have no issues with pm 's .
here is the aliexpress promo code 2021 july https www.popthecoupon.com/coupons-category/aliexpress
really good site if you are looking for coupon codes .
you can find most stores deals coupons deals on there .
i 'm on ch 535 and i 'm crying my brain is hurting i 'm in physical pain and its the first day of school tomorrow and i got ta get up at 1 am .
ancient dream 49 unconscious squid uh 99 scenario take 2 i 'm doing great rn .
soo young not being able to talk to dokja like wtf .
i did n't come to get my soul injured ? ? ?
board does not come with the original packaging but it does come with the original usbc cable .
i am located in socal 90680 and is willing to drive out to meet up for the board !
i bought it from a second hand store from a guy that will not refund it and at least i m trying to make the best out of it making 12gb of ram instead of 8gb used to have 4x2 i took just one from my mobo and now i have 12 gb of ram can i do that tho these rams are 1600mhz both even tho the guy claimed it to be 1866mhz but when i go in bios it sais 1600 even if i remove the 4gb ram and let the 8gb card there alone but the brand is different and i don t know that much about ram memory i m afraid if it will kill my pc motherboard etc can you guys help me out cause i can put back both my old ram sticks back 4x2 but i got ta say days gone and some other games stuttering did improved it s almost gone now what do you guys think ?
if i earn say 10 interest on my ethereum which is paid out in ethereum and then i sell that .
as interest capital gain income or all of the above !
an education translation means rendering any kind of educational document from source to the target language .
it provides students families and other foreign educational institutions an understandable content for further academic progress .
i just played unravel 1 by coldwood interactive and ea .
it was fairly short but for what was there it was a beautiful story with wonderful imagery/scenery .
it also boasted pretty great gameplay though it was n't combat oriented at all it was focused solely on map traversal and physics puzzles which i loved .
the rest of this post contains spoilers for the story
i would like to point out for those of you who have played the game what level i thought had the best story elements .
it 's a sad chapter but the graveyard level blew my mind .
for those who have not played it as a back story the game is about a older woman knitting while reminiscing about her life and family .
the gameplay is a cute creature made of yarn named yarny adventuring through the places that her memories took place .
before the graveyard chapter we collect have her knitted heart and find out her husband had passed away..
the reasons i found the graveyard level to be incredibly well done was the symbolism .
first off in this level we are searching for the other half of her heart which is pretty intense right there .
so it starts out with you dragging a lamp through a snow storm as it keeps you grounded and safe .
imo the lamp symbolised her husband someone who in her eyes was her light and who could keep her going steady during a storm '' .
eventually we lose the lamp and we are just wandering cold and alone through the graveyard..
the next section of this level is another storm .
i took this one as the loss finally hitting her and what proceeds is her trying her best to brave this storm '' alone .
finally the level ends with her reaching out for the other piece the other half of her heart to know avail .
as the storm picks up it blows her other half away and as yarny runs and drives off the snowy cliff to catch it we unravel..
stripped away of ourselves and reduced to nothing but string .
what was taken from her was her light her anchor the other half of her heart and she was unable to weather the storm and fell apart .
everything she had become was gone and now just string..
i 'm gon na be honest this hit me .
a video game has never caused me to cry but i absolutely did .
between the imagery and strong symbolism in the moments and gameplay this was heartbreaking but beautifully done .
white plain consulting experienced operators work in creating and implementing various blockchain development solutions .
just give us a call at 888-272-2814 or visit https whiteplainsconsulting.com https whiteplainsconsulting.com .
or read the blog here for details https whiteplainsconsulting.blogspot.com/2021/08/blockchain-smart-contract-development\_0963717324.html https whiteplainsconsulting.blogspot.com/2021/08/blockchain-smart-contract-development_0963717324.html
so icymi there was this infamous article bengaluru will be unliveable in five years warns iisc study https www.news18.com/news/india/bengaluru-will-be-unlivable-in-five-years-warns-iisc-study-1237706.html .
this article was published in may 2016 and it 's been just over five years now .
how much of it actually turned out to be true and what do you think the future holds here ?
my game crashed twice when im on day 5 my fps turned to 10 .
im just trying to finish some task and get aether camo .
just curious what is your guys favorite tame song that is most meaningful to you and why ?
you do n't have to explain why if you do n't want to
edit mine would be probably on track because i just feel like i 've had a rough year since covid mentally especially and with my life choices going on so i love that song and no matter where i am i believe i 'm still on track !
post the lines from the first two files presented in the that log that the engine flagged the error on .
 you should she her when she 's angry .
kentucky and va is where her accent comes from .
this lad is unintentionally marked as essential as far as i recall he is n't even related to any quests .
you can visit this link https help.coinbase.com/en/coinbase/taxes-reports-and-financial-services/taxes/using-turbotax-or-cointracker-to-report-on-cryptocurrency for more information .
there 's even a slight shadow outline on the top of the diamond of her left foot that would mean the shoe itself is casting a shadow on the skin .
have we become so capitalist that we have like moved through end stage capitalism and circled all the way back around to communism ?
i would take the mean tweets over the sniffer any day
the fact that jack is the one who called it out is perfect
hi marvellover78 your submission was removed from r/onepiece for the following rule violation
this also applies to one line jokes shit-posts image macros or any similar low effort '' content .
high quality hand drawn original content art which looks like a meme may sometimes be allowed .
if there is any question about whether your posts is high enough quality or is an exception first check these examples and then message the moderators .
the full rule documentation of the subreddit can be read here https www.reddit.com/r/onepiece/wiki/rules .
if you have questions about this removal please reach out to us in modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonepiece .
oh for the love of god please be right .
i could really use some optimism about next year and 2024 .
who knew such a lack of rhythm could be shared by so many in one place ?
in over their heads and still throwing dirt in the air !
you must not be very far in the game at all if you think there 's any kind of shortage of components i maxed out my crafting and i 'm just grateful that the components do n't have a weight to them or else i 'd be carrying around several tons of material if you go through the game picking up everything you can there will be a point when you realize you have to start throwing shit away .
you can throw every single knife you get your hands on .
which is also literally what the scions themselves argue to him before the final battle .
i mean i like emet and can sympathize with his plight but c'mon .
if have to be honest damm you look cool .
you good looking so no much to comment cheers .
i do n't understand why the fanboys are so agitated when brawl stars is termed pay2win .
i have played the game for years and yes it is pay2win .
offering legendaries directly in shop the trash matchmaking system and simply offering characters early such as griff .
https onlyfans.com/xxsativaxx all the month of august 55 off  i upload photos and videos every day 
hot chats  fantasies and fetish  masturbation  big cumshots  sex  and more 
obviously there is a larger number of palestinians who are interested in a state on '67 borders i was just pointing out that the pa is n't speaking for a significant minority and we 've already seen that the palestinians are capable of splitting under different leaderships .
and no you did n't make a list of their concessions .
you made a list of the things they said they would give up before both sides accused each other of breaking the oslo accords .
and from the israeli perspective oslo broke up mainly because the pa refused to stop a massive wave of terrorism so the idf set up checkpoints which the pa then said was breaking the accords .
in other words oslo fell apart because the pa refused/was unable to control its citizens .
yup us boomers be dumb as a box of hammers .
that 's us fo sho ... .your poor parents .
just have someone they know that are n't as dumb as you think they are take the gpu out and pack it separately .
i would n't ship my pc 7 hours anywhere with my video card flopping around even if i am 59 .
looks like the gk got a few good punches in before he presumably got murdered .
that 's pretty much my daily breakfast and boy does that explain a lot
i 'll lick that from the ass all the way up you beautiful
feels wrong to see him in the 76ers jersey on the magic sub .
then why did they bother even signing shooters at all ?
hhhmmm spiderweb on elbow guess i 'll just disregard this individual .
just look at their quality of cm and compare with utd
a splicer gauntlet that alters the game code so your blue drops are automatically converted to weapon materials .
so what you 're saying is people and companies buy all the tickets ... .meaning theres none left to buy ... ..so they ... .sell out ?
the czech anthem is up there it 's just so poetic
russia 's makes me want to sing along in the deepest voice i can
damn when i moved to california in 2013 i made 10 
obviously you are going to find conflict throughout history there is still conflict today .
the opposite of what you said can also be found as well .
no i trust him but i 'm not doing it until i see how good they are in the reviews
i personally do n't know which option is worst .
but you said make it un sexable so i did
honestly if they replaced dragonfly spec with energy accelerant and just buffed dragonfly up to the point it is with the mod on currently i 'd be really happy with that .
atlantica online is the only mmorpg where i pvp .
i love pvp because most in-game ai sucks and monsters are predictable and thus boring !
but i know i ca n't compete in a more real-time pvp environment i 'll get my butt kicked by younger faster and more agile players and good for them !
atlantica has turn-based combat and thus turn-based pvp which makes pvp more appealing to my slow middle-aged ass !
there 's nothing wrong with knowing your strengths and weaknesses .
i also play basketball and i hate playing short fast opponents because i ca n't defend against them .
then again they ca n't defend against me either i just shoot over them .
the most fun basketball game or any other sport or in-game pvp is always against someone with similar skills !
beating someone xx to nothing or being beat xxx to nothing is n't fun for the victor or the loser .
you already have seen it but you asked rick to remove your memory .
do n't worry it 's in a red container so you do n't have to take it for granite .
it 's actually pretty interesting and believed to be one of the main sources of tentacle porn .
the group you 're referring to is there to mainly add some spiciness to the plot .
you have to remember that the yotsuba have n't been around for very long relatively speaking .
the article does n't say they 're anti vaxx .
but unfortunately here we are lol i will definitely leverage the results to renegotiate my medication/dosages
i had to sell a monitor and they are so expensive to ship .
thank goodness the buyer was super responsive when i realized mercari was charging a flat 200 for a 116 shipping label .
i was at the ups store canceling the order to re-list so i could purchase my own label and provide it and thankfully the buyer responded immediately while i was at the store .
are you placing the mods in the right folder ?
i once made the mistake of putting the mods in a mod folder next to the home folder .
they have to go in a mods folder where the actual exe and data files are .
plus sometimes downloaded mods will download within a folder itself .
you need to bring that folder with the files to the top home mod folder otherwise they wo n't be recognized .
also make sure all mods are updated along with the game .
for me i set random core worlds and random faction relations .
as long as scy is located in an ok place and hmi hedg pers do n't hate me then i 'm good to go .
restarted probably 8 times in my current save to get what i wanted .
jokes aside has dnd explained why he was brought back ?
yep except i just used yo kai i liked when i got it back
your boobs make me horny so it 's a win/win situation
do not talk to the parents or attend the funeral .
if they specifically ask to speak to you or have you attend then make sure the department is ok with .
this takes the floor is lava '' challenge to the next fucking level ... ..
american supermarkets should really to step out of the 1950s .
using 20 plastic bags every shopping trip is not cool you do n't need a slave to bag yoir groceries you do n't need a membership card and credit card .
also the young girl who they found recorded audio of them assaulting her .
i ca n't recall her name but she was begging for her mother screaming .
her poor mother had to listen to that tape many times .
edited to add lesley ann downey was her name .
but it is imposible to fit curriculums into a limited time they have .
they need to rest or do their hobbys after that .
especially in subjects where you have to master complex principles or patterns .
i know this is two months old but that 's literally nothing to do with what i said .
of course it 's her body and she can decide when she wants affection or not that 's obviously completely her choice .
but using it as a bargaining chip because she knows her boyfriend likes affection is not a mature or healthy thing to do .
people who down vote have never known the luxury of traveling the distance from la to sac in less than 3 hours .
they 'd rather suffer driving behind 18 wheeler behind 18 wheeler while they try to pass at 25 mph .
these people need a trip to literally any other modern country outside of north america .
this does change the joke somewhat because i read it as murder in this case
he filed like over 20 different motions and won them all he is also winning all of his appeals
ask him to fuck ca n't rape what 's willing .
joe biden would just rather make sure his crackhead son never had to worry about money again than actually help people and make the world a better place .
how are chinese athletes raised as compared to americans ?
i know very little of the training regiments american athletes go through except for some abuse stories which is why i ask .
the mushroom war from adventure time is also supposed to start in a few days
the idols were actually allowed in the sense that people used to bring their own idols into the precincts place them around parikrama and worship/aarti them there .
do n't forget people using sun block that contains chemicals that kill bleach corals .
thank you for taking the time to think about others and understanding that some people have a right to live 
there 's a distance you have to keep between his attacker and your defender so all he can do is move horizontally .
any skill or dribbling towards you and you can collect the ball
i myself do n't touch it for days sometimes .
even when i play and i see me down 0-2 and my opponent is spamming skills/direction nutmegs ...
i forfeit it because i ca n't be arsed .
i 'd be div 2 if i took this that seriously but i just do n't care that much
this game is pay to win that 's obvious .
even if i have a 194 rated squad someone with acuna/neymar/ronaldo are still going to beat me .
it sucks but you can just go all out .
if it does then just sit back and relax .
i do n't remember particularly but i think it was boraslegend basically a youtuber went elite on fut champs with a all silver card team .
so you can beat people like this if you 're good enough
you can do the shit they do play safe passes do broken skills player lock ... etc .
but i do n't find the game fun that way .
i usually just go all out and try to have fun as i like it .
you should try using 442 or 4321 eith 7 depth and pressure on heavy touch .
these formations will try to pressure your opponent and also attack nicely
at some point in the mid game begin using the replace function to specialize your planets .
replacing tier-1 buildings and minerals only costs time and minerals nothing precious .
then whenever you need more of a thing like more minerals more research or more consumer goods go to one of your planets specialized in that and construct 2-4 additional districts or buildings of that type .
this creates open job slots and unemployed pops on your other planets will auto-migrate to fill those slots .
opt out https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=wikimobilelinkbot message=optout subject=optout beep boop .
so investments the other person is unaware of or things you came into the marriage with .
anything after is assumes to be helped by your partnership and thus she 's entitled .
if she quits her job so she can care for your elderly parents why should n't she be reimbursed for her labor thst let you pull o.t .
i got a warning and suspension for posting a pic of my chinese crested dog .
he 's hairless and apparently looks like a dick .
ca n't appeal the decision either so one more pic like that will get me permabanned .
i got 025 dart 005 boomerang 051 super monkey from the achievements
i was expecting bmw to be somewhere on the jersey but i guess bitmex is paying some good money also .
i hope so i 've got shares to buy for my mom with limited funds !
umm ... vayne stun varus root slow ashe slow/stun jinx root cait root draven airborne jhin slow sight root kog slow/defense shred mf biiig slow senna heal root sivir ms trist slow/knockback samira windwall twitch slow/recon xayah root and ms for rakan yas windwall/airborn/followup cc ziggs aorborne .
my point is that more than half of the adcs match up to him in utility ... and some go a lot further .
so sadly ... aphelios should pride himself more on cool clips than cc .
cross-species evolution would supposedly millions of years too long for us to observe .
the only type we can observe is micro as in wolves and dogs but they never stop being the same kind '' .
i 'm sure they 'd be good friends john chuckled .
right ... well you see kevan and i grew up in the rock together along with tommen tommen lannister the king .
the three of us were always very close but when the expedition came about i decided i needed to stay as my father was ailing .
but your father left a letter with me and told me to read it if he did n't come back .
that was until i found it a few weeks ago
they climbing up a flight of stairs and then another walking down a corridor to his solar .
to argue with a man who has renounced the use and authority of reason and whose philosophy consists in holding humanity in contempt is like administering medicine to the dead or endeavoring to convert an atheist by scripture .
and no man will envy you these honors in which a savage only can be your rival and a bear your master.
especially the ones we domesticate and those who 's habitats we destroy .
unfortunately there are too many idiots who cause too many issues and get in the way of those endeavors .
not only are humans the only ones who exhibit cruelty we are also the only ones who destroy our exterior environment .
jeg fik husarrest og skulle g hjem efter skole hverdag i et par uger .
dengang havde man ikke lige mobilepay eller kort p telefonen .
og de af mine venner der ikke fik grnser ja de ryger stadig og er nedern over deres forldre ikke satte sig i respekt og tog en alvorlig snak eller konsekvens af det .
hvis de er s antirygere s det sgu ikke s svrt .
man kan ogs sige at man simpelhen ikke kan bo hjemme hvis man ryger .
det skrmmer ogs en del 15-rige ikke at de rent faktisk bliver smidt ud .
og nej det er ikke for hrdt for det er bare til dit eget bedste og bare et forsg p at gre dig bange eller give en konsekvens .
last april i was working in paint by myself and a guy ordered 30 gallons all different colors while there was a line 20 people long behind him .
mixcloud allows you to use music as they have licenses with rights owners that pay the artists .
either as funded or if you set up mixcloud select they can subscribe to you and more money goes to the artist .
outside of mixcloud and the spotify option the answer is a big no .
we have been putting our pod into a spotify playlist with tunes but i think we are moving to mixcloud for the version with tunes ''
wanegbt refers to we are never ever getting back together '' a song from taylor swift album red 2012 .
u/igootin u/igootin can reply with delete '' to remove comment .
the mongolians army of hulagu when they destroyed baghdad 's libraries that contained many of the past knowledge that setback humanity years .
ok grats the enemy team just vanished thanks to your lydia
wish me luck and may the spirits of fourier and laplace be with me 
they got all the possible colors and patterns in one !
this post seems to be from an unverified account .
use caution when interacting with these types of users as there is no way to verify them .
please refrain from exchanging any personal information and be cautious sharing pictures .
when chatting off reddit try using anonymous chat platforms such as kik .
if you suspect this account of being malicious please pm the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bostonr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i wonder how admin would react if a plumber acted super inappropriate when fixing his female customer 's pipes
after meeting her aunt it is easy to see where that pattern comes from .
her mom seemed softer but it was still all guys are here on a conditional basis and we expect the worst from them so do n't bother giving any of them the benefit of the doubt and anything that goes wrong is never your fault do n't apologize for anything ''
it 's too bad she does n't see her lack of empathy or sexism .
i think it 's a stretch to expect arthas to survive northrend to return but i suppose if arthas spared muradin muradin could spare arthas .
i like that idea however it requires a good deal of communication and coordination to see through .
i do n't think a stalemate would last though and the lich king would have all the strategic knowledge of both muradin and magni if he gets raised .
i do think the dwarves were militarily minded enough to keep good estimates on human capabilities and tactics .
when you randomly die and ca n't stop it it 's kinda making people not want to play .
for how small a pop ww is they 're entirely over represented
you handled it in a really sensitive and mature way .
goddamn they will even steal that from the palestinians israelis .
she 's getting older so she ca n't beat on her body too much
just standing there taking a pictures while at least two other people just calmly stand next to this maniac '' and take pictures .
you can 'cloak ' ad but it 's not a simple task and to be fair is likely to be one of the last things you do after going least privilege patching laps for lateral movement protection windows firewall service account checks ... .
i have a 3090 gaming pc doing nothing is it worth using it for mining ?
if so any suggestions on how and what to mine ?
i wish u were sucking my dick did he cum on your face ?
to be honest it would be none of the options .
i am sure that another earthbending/firebending master would be the first .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/girlsgw if you have any questions or concerns .
i thought maybe because the way he was raised.. but it 's not just small town do n't know big city life off it 's did n't get enough nutrients or stimulation as a kid off
the uk wo n't account for much of china 's 28 many other countries outsource production to china .
you can belong to a nudist religion ... do you think they will recognize your right to nude '' ?
in this case is worse because not vaccinating directly affects the rest of the population so its not remotely close .
look im not the one making excuses right now i literally show you why they are not comparatively not analogically nor in magnitude is you the one that refuses to rebute that and instead repeat the previous comment .
at the very least you are being respectful which is good but im sorry you are not thinking straight here..
forcing people to have a star of david esq vaccine card to do anything is facism
no you dense individual fascism is a nationalist and/or racist authoritarian dictatorial regime once again if you read for once you woul understand that by your own definition anything is fascism in society ... you have to stop a traffic light ?
and the examples could go on as much as ou want .
funny how you say you just want to be right '' but your arguments recede to repetition and circling around a this is this because this is this '' fallacy
nothing is scarier in this game than suddenly hearing the shape stalks blast in your ears .
he 's not like blow your eardrums out loud it 's something about the pitch that 's like ring-in-your-ears kind of annoying .
probably a me thing but it drives me nuts .
absolutely i 'd start fucking your pussy and after you cum for me i 'd shoot my load deep inside your ass ! !
i had suggested this for a nyc to miami traveler .
park outside of the city and take the metro in to union station .
take a stroller for your child and walk the monuments .
jefferson ml king korean war ice cream stand lincoln vietnam and washington .
air and space smithsonian might hold your child 's attn for a while .
take a walking tour of the historic homes or a night ghost tour .
take a tour of the beach at tybee island w a marine biologist .
see the cool stuff that lives in the tidal area .
stop and see the historic fort in st augustine .
you should still be cautious when dealing with tether !
one good news wo n't fix their poor image and sketchiness
i thought of that but if they die from the anvil in the heat of the moment ... .
i do use my head as you can see .
i do n't know when it will be implemented but he was hyped about it
i 've been making bread in my dutch oven i love it .
the minimum amount of combined karma to post is 420
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amcstock if you have any questions or concerns .
on nutrition i recommend 1 figuring out your burn rate for me 1 cliff bar every 20 miles and 2 trying to time water stops even if its running into a gas station/cvs to buy water/gatorade .
i also recommend core exercises figure what works for you for me pushups situps leg lifts .
i stop every 8-10 miles for water and make a point to get off the saddle even if it 's just straddling the top tube .
when you get home if you 're sore i like either icy hot patches i get store brand or epsom salt spray magnesium sulfate .
hey do not forget the best award of all time
if they wanted him to play last year that 's fine but there was obviously an issue with his ankle .
he decided to put off surgery far beyond what the team wanted this year and has definitely fucked his team this year .
i 've got a buddy who 's a saints fan that is miserable with the offseason the organization has had .
i think you must have the better fpl chrome extension the normal website does n't include this .
you are seriously deluded to a point of no return .
and are you that handicapped that you ca n't even open up your replies and scroll down ?
also i ai n't to o young but that 's a basic thing to say when you have absolutely zero arguments to present .
also not one serb is wasting their time making memes about albanians because we do not care .
and you did n't even dare to actually respond to my point which was expected .
i found the amount is n't the biggest issue it 's the setting and mindset .
being comfortable in a safe space with friends/family/solo is important .
if you 're inexperienced and paranoid not knowing what 's coming being out in public or para about the cops or around strangers it can ruin your time .
if he wants to try a lower dose by all means do so .
it should be less intense with a lower dose .
might be too mild but can always go more next time .
could n't 6 have jumped up and knocked the ball off the rim before it went in ?
surely a bounce off your own shoulder onto your own basket would n't be considered a shot attempt .
i 'm sorrryyy i got it second hand from a friend so i 'm not sure how old it is but it 's originally from zara !
get a lesson to get your snow legs back my man .
instructor will let you know exactly what to concentrate on while riding .
i just like so much how if you go to college and then at some point i suppose become employed and earn a paycheck you 'll have no idea how to be a wife or mother .
uh ... . danggit ahhhhh runs and trips ow fu continues to run
always go to the candy isle never get it by the register
they were looking to coast into stagecoach like any reputable f2 and f3 .
the fantasy calendar works really well and can be updated regularly
hey bro i just wan na say that i 've seen a great many posts on how to improve your writing '' or how you should plot '' or change the way you write '' etc .
we 've all seen them and it 's not to say they 're bad but this is maybe the first writing post on reddit i 've felt on a emotional level .
abc chicago showing news of a tornado warning how do i watch ? ? ?
this is bs pls help i pay for abc how to i watch
i think he 's put in enough time and showed enough potential .
where if it 's an either-or situation you give him the benefit of the doubt and try him in the lineup first .
i think some people will still not properly check .
why not add a 90s html style website banner .
the idea is to make something on the screen move so that we know that is not a still .
why do you only date guys with a missing finger ?
if mike richards is the new host i will watch jeopardy less .
you suck that one i 'll take care of the other one
this sub is pretty much dedicated to american politics bro .
that sub you linked as a whopping 316 followers .
terrible comparison of an immersive sim and an open world rpg
current anu med student here and happy to help out views are my own !
did n't do health science but am familiar with it .
i recommend contacting anu college of health and medicine they were helpful for me before i came to anu .
basically you do an interview at the end of your second year of the 3 year program .
the interview is literally what normal medical applicants go through mmi panel .
for an idea of what those questions could be like i recommend a forum called pagingdr .
usually pre-med cohorts are on the competitive side as a lot of them want to get into medicine .
it 's a tough path but there 'll be lots of support to help you navigate it .
most champions do n't build wits end though and those that do do n't build ds ...
also that does n't really change anything about my statement or the fact resists are n't stacked on top of each other they 're independent of each other .
kled does 100 physical damage it gets 5 pen from the 5 armor pen ...
if say hecarim does 50 physical and 50 magic damage ... his physical damage gets 5 armor pen and 5 of 50 is 2.5 effective pen and his magic damage gets 5 magic pen and 5 of 50 is 2.5 effective pen .
so either way it just gives 5 damage pen since no damage is benefitted by both penetrations .
bid i can get this done for you i 'm familiar with badminton i used to play
to avoid dealing with banned users do not deal with anyone unless they can leave a visible comment on your thread .
once transactions are completed payment has been sent and/or all parties have received their items please follow this guide https www.reddit.com/r/boardgameexchange/wiki/confirmingatrade to confirm the transaction and increase your count in your flair .
if you believe you have been scammed please fill out this form https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=r/boardgameexchange subject=i 20think 20i 20have 20been 20scammed message 20username 20of 20the 20person 20scamming 20me 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20the 20thread 20where 20the 20transaction 20originated 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20screenshots 20uploaded 20to 20imgur 20of 20my 20conversations 20with 20the 20scammer 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20an 20explanation 20of 20the 20situation 20 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boardgameexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
i think there 's triple a potential with them studios just do n't give them a chance !
honestly even the reapers that did get more time in the spotlight shiba kubo susukichi were pretty shallow as well .
they really could have done with pruning some characters in general .
i had to google it to remember what it was called but it was thick as hell and covered my preteen acne .
like three weeks later i got black lipstick from hot topic .
i would n't say disqualifications happen often at all .
this is slightly different from a driver being taken out by someone during a race .
the point is he completed his race but was n't able to take home the results through no fault of his own .
and i would have gotten away with it if it was n't for you meddling haters !
really you could n't add one more seat to match the taps and the name 
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
we live in the mojave desert it is always hot .
code red would be if we run out of cerveza .
'' zaddy '' is a song by american singer ty dolla sign .
it was released on august 25 2016 as the third single from his ninth mixtape campaign 2016 .
if i do n't get this right do n't get mad at me i 'm still learning !
it 's looks like you 've got some catching up to do .
i could n't imagine getting into a yelling match let alone a shootout with my own son .
i spent way too long tapping on the album art earlier today thinking the interface froze bc it was n't doing anything .
i swear tesla is trolling us lately with these updates .
i 've always had an easier time talking to girls in general as friends or flirting when i am currently seeing someone .
it 's the confidence of not needing anything from them .
i keep getting what looks like a stormtrooper from these poor man 's gold '' text images on my mobile .
how about you just hand out graduation certificates to every new born so they do n't need to bother going to school at all .
i think it 's possible but you might not fully get sss on ram .
you might need to put extra time in if it 's a new account .
just thinking about what this looks like makes me smile .
sofia s. has waited so long to compete in a jgp i was really looking forward to her debut .
hopefully the russians and the japanese will be able to add skaters in the latter jgp events .
lol all of your replies tell me you 're not actually reading my comments properly .
a diagnosis is what you 're doing with faye diagnosing her with mental health issues like an armchair psychologist .
the only facts anyone knows is that she 's insecure and she treats others like crap when she 's mad .
you seem to sympathise with that and you saying teddy needs to be there for her and love her regardless is ridiculous .
hence why i said you 're projecting yourself onto faye to justify her actions since you keep referring back to you own life in your comments .
projecting yourself onto someone else is n't a diagnosis btw it 's a conscious action
speaking of anne who do you think would be a good actor to portray anne ?
woman in my office has delta now and she was vaccinated with both pfizer shots .
she came to work friday and left at noon .
16 hours later she woke up on saturday morning with a fever sore throat coughing vomiting .
they 're supposedly admitting her to the hospital today .
did n't say anything about her having his front .
from what i understand cops are legally mandated to be present when performing certain activities road work certain public gatherings .
cops are paid at a much higher rate for working these jobs my friend says between 50 75ph in his district .
who decides what events are dangerous enough to require cops ?
while being the new turkish state founded in place of the ottoman empire the country has gone through major reforms to make it a different state from it 's predecessor
i think it 's a minor fight today ca n't remember tho
thanks that is what i understood now i 'm sure i get it
or actually fingers crossed that netflix just starts paying the creators to make shows more widely available .
found the lazy cat owner who really does n't care enough about their animal wildlife or their neighbors to provide a stimulating indoor environment .
if it is y'all better get off the net and go herd some sheep .
i 've seen them at bed bath and beyond and winners .
aged 10ish we had a pet mouse that died .
i figured it 'd be fun to pickle it so i got a bottle of gin and tipped it and the mouse into a jar .
it stayed on the end of the kitchen bench for a while until the cleaner found it and freaked out .
i had to throw it out before i could take it into school .
nah the important thing is never lie and most importantly places just need you clean on the drug test and a year with no medical card .
the feds are gon na legalize it soon anyway .
you could be a former terrorist and get a security clearance how do you think we get some of our intel ?
the important thing is that you ca n't be blackmailed or easily bought .
i personally though a deal like this would be much bigger like in the tens of billions of dollars .
seeing how much anime has exploded in last 10 years or so i would expect it would be a much bigger deal than 1.175 billion which is a lot of money but not as much as i expected
it 's in interesting thought or even being about to identify earth rocks that are present on the moon
bitcoin pros https old.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/wiki/cointest_archive wiki_btc_pros cons https old.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/wiki/cointest_archive wiki_btc_cons participate in the r\/cc cointest https old.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/wiki/cointest_policy to potentially win moons .
sort comments as controversial first by clicking here https www.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/comments/p1o43y/bitcoin_golden_cross_due_in_days_as_bears_draw_a ? sort=controversial .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cryptocurrency if you have any questions or concerns .
not a learner driver and i want to see the results .
evolutionary reasons have to do with survival and reproduction .
therefore the evolutionary reason you avoid your ex-girlfriend is because you no longer want to mate with her so talking with her is a waste of time .
you also avoid your grandmother aunts and older people in general because you are n't going to mate with them so talking with them is a waste of time .
you want to talk to your parents because they feed you .
you should also consider psychological and sociological reasons for wanting to avoid your ex-gf .
the combat advantage is from my companions fire archon wild hunter and staldorf and the wasteland boots from vos .
my crit sev is from my enchants black ice and demonic and my insignias brutality and aggression plus the ribcage .
everything else is my potions seared tuna potion of crit strike 10 grand summer feast wildstorm elixir .
impressive ... now time to build a fleet carrier or the farragut or a space station ... lol p
the necessity for vaccinations has never been about curing the pandemic ... .its been to manage it .
we needed to reach 80 vaccination rate for herd immunity to slow and stop the spread .
but prolife gop love to watch eople suffer and die and go to jesus ... .so here we are ... back where we started because they are fucking ignorant about science .
now the deaths will really spike this winter kids will be orphans and parents get to watch their children die ... .all because mother fuckers did n't get vaccinated as soon as possible .
not necessarily black people specifically but probably just anybody that is n't asian .
which yeah okay i get the brand they 're going for but now it 's just discriminating .
wow i did n't know that was a thing lol
nasa is training human-like robots to explore caves on mars
i 'd hesitate to say human-like '' or more correctly humanoid '' .
considering the maximum payload to the martian surface is one tonne so far the instigators of the project are clearly taking account of a very novel method of getting there .
ncty breaking over 200ema eigr breaking over 200ema lumn has a nice gap to fill if it can hold over 12
yeah i guess that 's where i ended up with the arpeggio and colour notes but it 's always a challenge weaving in and out of outside chords .
getting some results but just sounds a bit blocky .
currently rank 1 but they have n't declared war yet .
yes all other collection activity should stop as well .
the only other thing would be withholding your tax refund if any but you should be done rehab by april 2022 anyway .
it is not acceptable to neglect my paper by falsely saying it is the same as argumentum ad absurdum .
i know abt them and that the tsaritsa is mass producing it for her agents so they do n't have to be worthy '' to have one .
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
that 's just one guy this is basically a starting xi of egos
they would need to scale based on the number of people attacking them or they 'll turn into zerg fests like ffxiv 's hunt marks .
i would n't want to rock the soap world to its very core by confirming that olly .
i have far too much respect for tom anyway .
yooo i think i saw you on tik tok yesterday !
david anderson another vodafone customer is equally unhappy with the changes .
he feels it 's part of a wider pattern of additional charges and bureaucracy making it harder for brits to travel abroad .
this is n't what brexit is meant to be '' he tells euronews travel i voted leave to make things simpler to stop having to follow rules made up by someone i did n't vote for .
formerly a landlord david sold his tenanted properties in the uk shortly after the brexit vote .
he planned to move to portugal permanently when he retired in 2018 but did n't manage to sort residency .
instead david has been living partly in the algarve and partly in essex in the uk .
he says he relies on free data roaming when he 's abroad .
this stupid roaming stuff is just another way we are getting shafted .
i do n't understand how these companies can be allowed to lie to us like this .
you literally whined that you not being able to go to a concert is the same as being oppressed
you would n't last a day as a minority weakling
but the first time i played the game i sided with the legion without realizing they were terrible people at first and then realizing and deciding i do n't have to be a good guy in this game .
i have watched a few videos on how to get to the mun but i just do n't get it .
i 'm a senior in college 6 ' tall athletic build i pass as your white country boy fairly well despite being bi non-binary and ... well ... looking to get railed
i love getting pegged so if anyone is interested in pegging me or chatting about it hmu
i have a vacation to malta coming up in a couple weeks for my wife 's birthday .
i would like to do something special for her but i have no idea what i can possibly do .
i 'm looking for something unique not something we would usually do like hiking visiting historical landmarks beach activities etc .
do any locals or frequent visitors have any ideas what i can do ?
we will be in malta from 24 aug to 1 sept .
there 's a few older cards i really wan na get but i 'm having troubles to look up where i do n't really trust ebay with the amount of scalper and people over pricing everything .
i 24m feel sad that my crush 25f left for vacation .
i know it 's a short time but i feel bumbed out .
how do you deal with your crush leaving the town for vacation ?
tl dr she left to travel i feel sad .
figured this may the most likely subreddit to have some advice on this .
i am planning to create window coverings with an outside layer of mylar space blanket and an inside layer of store-bought bulk poly fabric for the side and rear windows in a cargo van .
i will be able to roll these up and secure them when driving and put them down when i want some privacy or will be parked for an extended period of time to reduce how hot it gets inside texas heat is brutal .
so my question pertains to what the best way to connect the fabric and mylar together is .
if i sew the two layers together but leave the inside mostly unsewed it could in theory act like an air pocket and trap heat .
i do n't know if this would increase or decrease how hot it would get inside .
also what would be the best way to hand sew these together i 'm a sewing noob .
the other option i have read about is to glue the two layers together with some sort of special glue which likely would be fine as a default option .
though i 'm not sure what kind of glue to use here .
i understand that there is no evidence that it is other competitors trying to bring down my score but considering nothing has changed product-wise customer-service-wise or shipping-wise i 'm feeling a bit paranoid about this .
within etsy 's announcement of star seller implementation i have had 4 1 star reviews and 3 3 star reviews .
this has al been within a time frame if 1 week .
all of the buyers do not want to work on a resolution and 1 threatened a bad review if i did n't refund her right away she claims product is n't as described but 99.9 of customers seem to disagree .
i understand that this is another stupid metric and not necessarily a measure of success i ca n't help but feel defeated and powerless by this .
hello everybody many students asked us if we could offer individual student subscriptions again to ideas roadshow 's ibdp portal https ideasroadshowibdp.com https ideasroadshowibdp.com to help them with tok and ee which is now available again .
congratulations to rissa who just sent us this wonderful message we did n't have exams due to the coronavirus but i got the score i wanted for tok !
thank you so much for doing this for me and other ib students  your resources are top-notch !
i have lots of flowers available for a trade of a shovel per trip .
comment what you want and i will let you know if i have them and will start digging them up for delivery .
i believe that ontario is opening schools in september .
i am a new permanent hire and worked virtual for the entirety of the previous school year .
i recognize that virtual is an entirely different beast than brick and mortar and for that reason i am re-evaluating how i scheduled the virtual day so that i can transition into a brick and mortar role .
i imagine it is tough for students to go through four separate periods with four separate lessons for the full duration of the quadmester .
how have you been scheduling your secondary school day with lessons ?
are you integrating different break periods and or time for the students to decompress from lesson to lesson ?
as far as i 'm concerned i 've lead my life the way i should .
i pay my taxes say please and thank you and keep my lawn trimmed according to hoa guidelines .
you on the other hand think i am wasting my life .
for gods sake my shortest skirt hangs to my knees i do n't own a two piece bathing suit and you would bet a lot of money i 've never been fucked in the ass .
what a horrible waste of a woman like me .
i seem to have convinced myself that i am happy in my dreadfully pedestrian life .
if only there were some way to bring me around ...
i 'm hoping to find someone to play the person either gender works for me who is going to make my life more interesting .
most likely this will be means of blackmail or some form of coercion although i would be happy to hear creative alternatives .
i am mostly not looking for someone to declare themselves my master and then demand frequent vigorously vanilla sex .
there can and almost certainly will be sex but i would like to focus on how your character would make me interesting .
maybe thats by making me dress horribly inappropriately around town or maybe you want to see if you can cause me to associate pain with pleasure .
maybe it 's by training me to accept whatever object you fancy into my ass on command .
maybe you want to try and make me get a ton of tattoos of increasingly lurid content .
really i want to hear what you think would be interesting .
this is created by using the rolled ice cream method something which you may have have seen on tiktok or instagram .
this method involves putting a special ice cream milk to a cold plate adding whatever you 'd like as flavouring in this case pringles chopping the ingredients together waiting for it the freeze spreading the now frozen treat out and then finally rolling it .
i mean it really breaks the experience for me but every 2 minute in a already small episode we are reminded how peggy is ridiculed underestimated or ignored because she 's a women .
is it just me or does it bother anyone else ?
this photo of january 6th has more importance than that is given .
the paining behind his man is of senator charles sumner https www.senate.gov/art-artifacts/fine-art/paintings/32_00016.htm who was an admit abolitionist to the point that a fellow slavery supporter senators attacked charles https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file southern_chivalry.jpg with a cane on the senate floor .
charles was a radical republican who fought lincoln for immediate emancipation of slaves to which lincoln described him as my idea of a bishop '' and consulted him as an embodiment of the conscience of the american people .
charles as chairman of the senate foreign relations committee sumner renewed his efforts to win u.s. diplomatic recognition of haiti .
haiti had sought recognition since winning independence in 1804 but faced opposition from southern senators .
in their absence the u.s. recognized haiti in 1862 .
objected to justice taney memorial for his decision on dred vs scott
i speak what can not be denied when i declare that the opinion of the chief justice in the case of dred scott was more thoroughly abominable than anything of the kind in the history of courts .
judicial baseness reached its lowest point on that occasion . ''
roberts v. boston a case which challenged the legality of segregation .
arguing before the massachusetts supreme court sumner noted that schools for blacks were physically inferior and that segregation bred harmful psychological and sociological effectsarguments that would be made in brown v. board of education over a century later .
sumner lost the case but the massachusetts legislature abolished school segregation in 1855 .
the other painting is of john c. calhoun the 7th vice president defender of the south and of slavery .
clearly there 's is n't enough player demand to justify having 4 different ship servers available if we go by sega 's in-game population status and steam statistic figures .
merging the ships together would allow more players to be able to play together create a healthier economy as more supply of ac scratch items are now available on the market and would be easier on global side 's maintenance and gm crew to have to only manage one server rather than several .
we just know it 's whatever is not existance '' .
having 1 word like that is hard enough since existance can vary subjectively the more flexible you are willing to be with language and perspective .
we can confuse non-existance to be the opposite of existance but it really just is the lack of it .
calling something non-existing ironically creates it by there being a mention to it which is simply quite fun .
whether not-something is something 's opposite and it 's opposite is a matter of language and perspective and i choose to believe there is no opposite of love there just is the lack of it or the unperceived it-ness of it .
i 'm new to this sub but have been a fan of tmg for a while now .
i bought tickets for a solo show and was wondering what to expect .
obv i know the whole band wo n't be there .
did you feel like you got more or less or something entirely different then what the full band provides ?
any one know where i can get triple black asuna slide for men ?
you 're hanging out with your girl and a guy starts touching her and being disrespectful and what do our wise stoics think is the best course of action ?
stay calm and peaceful and feel bad for this guy because he lacks proper judgment ?
the issue is that the vast majority of the time your life wo n't be threatened .
you will more commonly be teased or tested by other men to see how masculine you are .
the stoic approach would be to a wimp and tolerate other people disrespecting you throwing things at you etc bc it is out of out control .
we should be stoic for live events out of our control like a child getting into a car accident a break up etc .
wisdom is necessary in discerning when to use stoicism .
in other occasions stoicism can make you a weak wimp everyone is going to bully because god forbid you wisely display some aggression .
in the us to people who follow world politics me loosely zuma is essentially the robert magabe of south africa where he basically ruined the country .
there 's also those videos of him not being able to read which also plays into the whole stupid and bad leader .
so i was wondering is he really as bad as magabe ?
if so how did he even get into power ?
eurigon online is a game that was released for the neuroring gaming chip in the year 2040 .
this was a medieval fantasy mmo which aimed to blend historical accuracy with fantasy elements magic and mythical creatures .
upon the release date over 240 million players were greeted with a message which stated that unless they could find and kill an npc known as the death advocate they would die in real life if they died in the game .
the game ran for 10 years over 235 million players dieing from various plagues wars adventures etc .
it is n't fully known who managed to kill the death advocate but they managed to do so on t game 's tenth anniversary january 10th 2050 .
hello i want to install manjaro pre release version from here github https github.com/manjaro/release-review/releases/tag/202107281031 but i dont know how to create bootable iso from all parts .
i am going to install gnome one but there are 6 parts all with different endings as follows iso.pkgs iso.sha1 iso.sha256 iso.sha512 iso.z01 iso.zip1 .
what is the convenient way to make what i want and which program i must use .
if it 's been discussed before sorry in advance .
for those of you have matched went on dates with a person outside of your area how was your experience ?
good bad pros or cons and what did y'all do to make it work if it worked out
currently talking to a person who lives about 3 hours away from me that was visiting my city .
things are okay but i 'm aware of the obvious issues and the reality of it may or may not working out for the both of us .
i feel it 's one thing to get past the pain of a breakup but how do you stop loving the person that used to be your everything ?
my character recently got the common cold and as a new player i now have so many questions ...
for reference my character only eats/drink healthy or neutral food and he has a normal weight .
looking at previous posts it looks like the vitamins system is currently disabled except for iron .
does cough syrup help to get rid of the cold faster ?
my guess is that the answer is no and that it only helps mitigate the effects of the cold .
does the mouth protection/warmth help to prevent getting the cold ?
i just noticed that the only thing i 'm wearing over my mouth is a protective mouthpiece which does not provide any warmth and the warmth in my mouth is 35 i 'm guessing that 's celsius .
should i be wearing something like a bandana over the mouth or a scarf ?
should i be staying inside all the time while i have the cold or can i go out with an umbrella in case it rains ?
could you recommend a healthy food that it 's easy to make and has abundant and easy to get ingredients ?
i have my drinks covered with pine needle tea .
i have some gamma globulin shots is this the right time to use those ?
in the description it says that some hold it as panacea but it does not have any medical benefit so i guess the answer is no .
i have also read some good advice in previous posts like using some earplugs while sleeping so that my cough do n't wake me up or to simply take cough syrup before going to bed .
i have read that bee balm tea is good as well but i do n't have any bee balm .
why should we even consider creating a legendary for the skin .
it would be fantastic if you take some time and overhaul some of the old legendary skins .
if you compare it whit the actual gemstore skin they really need more love '' to be as special as a legeandary should be .
i finally bit the bullet and bought from someone 's vendor the fixer plans after never having received it at encryptid and having only a level 30 from the quest .
rngsus smiled on me initially as i super dupered two when crafting and then started to add some legendary attributes .
after two poor rolls gardener 's or postman 's attribute or something equally dross i got a questionable one
explosive is always nice and given i try and be a sneaky burglar it would make sense from a role playing pov for nocturnal to be workable .
but i thought the chance of gaining an unqualified damage modifier two shot or anti armour warranted the risk behind losing explosive .
long story short i rolled again and am back to having a milkman 's squirrel slayer 's fixer but i think i made the right decision in principle .
why did n't i roll on the other one instead ?
and furthermore do you agree that two shot explosive is the best for everything except shotguns which should be quad explosive ?
looking for some advice on what services are best for managing anxiety/depression .
i 've been with a sosad therapist for 2 years on and off and a phychatric for a few months .
i would like to be able to manage things better and just be generally more happy in myself .
i have small running experience and i used '' to run 6 km everyday in 40 min .
now i can cover that distance in less than 1 hour but i do n't get super tired or anything .
i do also feel like i have good calves as if i start running now i do n't get doms .
i 'm not unfit or anything but i 'm fat .
i vary from 5'8 '' 80 kg to 86 kg depending upon my exercise regimen .
i was skipping 30-40 min a day with 2 min of skip and 1-2 min of break .
i played intense badminton 4 hours at least 5 days a week from mar to may 2021 .
then i had a elbow tendon injury and had to stop doing everything everything because i 'm lazy .
then after 2 months of mild exercise 2 days a week of 15 min skipping or something .
then after that i did 4 weeks of https www.hybridcalisthenics.com/routine https www.hybridcalisthenics.com/routine diligently and due to work pressure had to stop for 2 weeks .
pull ups 1 i am currently doing the jack knife pull ups maybe 35 comfortably
assisted pull ups i can do 3-5 using 35kg resistance band
leg raises 10\*3 probably i do bent i try straight but i miss it
in all the breaks i gained weight in the weight range .
now because of some work i have to go to a trek to 6000 m glacier .
i wo n't have to do hard stuff like rope climbing or anything i just have to walk progressively higher on a glacier sheet with a small weight 6kg including my essentials on my back .
the biggest problem will be running out of breath even after acclimatization and ability to carry weight .
this i have to go back and forth from the camp for 5 days .
i 'm following india hikes intermediate trek prep https indiahikes.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/intermediate-friendly-routine-scaled.jpg and hybrid calisthenics session for cross training in the trek prep for now .
planning to add some breathing exercises https bearfoottheory.com/improve-hiking-lung-capacity in the evening .
my question is is there something i have to change or add ?
can i have some advice regarding the diet too .
hi i would install android 11 open beta 3 on my oneplus 6t does it result data loss ? ?
because i do n't know and i do n't want to play with backups .
hey i was wondering if you guys can give me some advice .
now yesterday some guys broke into a house in our neighbourhood so i want to hurry a bit with adding some cameras to the house .
im waiting for the logitech circle view doorbell to come to europe to replace my dumb doorbell for ages now but its still not here .
also i read alot about overheating issues although my doorbell would not be in direct sunlight .
do you guys know if its save to order it from the us and ship it to the netherlands with https www.myus.com https www.myus.com and would it work here in europe ?
logitech stats that it wants to expands it availability to europe also but why wait for so long ?
do they need to adjust the doorbell or the included accessories .
im afraid it will not work properly and they will release a europe version later with adjusted accessories that will work properly .
also what other doorbell with hksv would you advice ?
its currently august 11 2021 at 11:59am at gmt 2
i lived 14 years of my life without obsessing over my sexuality and who i am without wondering when will i be free will i ever get that life back ?
i do n't want to live everyday if my life thinking about this i want to fall in love be myself and enjoy everything in the mean time like i used to i do n't want this to be my new normal
i 've just moved to pc and i 'm looking for a multiplayer tps to scratch my uncharted 4 multiplayer itch .
is the pvp in td2 any good and is the player base on pc reasonable ?
this is the 164629th time i made this shitty comment .
i do n't know how to explain how i feel anymore .
i have been dealing withassive headaches almost non stop since last march .
i am being followed by a doctor but all tests we do are coming back negatives .
i can barely sleep have no motivation to do anything amd am too tired either way .
i have no one to talk to cause even my family believe that i am faking my illness cause i do n't want to work .
i just feel so empty and as if the void was slowly but surely eating me from inside .
the only thing holding me back is the fact that i am addicted to a female friend of mine doubt its really a friendship but its the closest i have amd some part of me just wants to be with her although i know it will never happen .
the only way i get to see her is by paying her to send me selfies .
i just feel like i can not achieve anything in life and am just going nowhere .
i am honestly just hoping to die in my sleep so i do n't suffer anymore .
never thought that i would still live with my parents at 25 and being jobless .
i know my friend wo n't see this but s i love you and i hope you find someone who can make you the queen you deserve to be .
i all the time hear about pepole faling half cash
folks liked my explainer post on comstar/word of blake so i figured to take another whack at a significant part of battletech history one that 's currently closed off but may rise again in the future .
or as i like to call it the clansanity because even for a mega-testosterone fueled might makes right '' place like the clans everyone lost their dilly-dang-donged mind !
ancient history part i kerensky takes his ball and goes away .
ok in the old days the star league fell .
this has generally been considered a bad thing by everyone .
the successor states are in a five-way mexican standoff and they realllllllly want to start shooting each other .
so they start reaching out to the remnants of the star league defense force .
some sign up with nations some of them go mercenary but most of them are quite tired of war thank you very much .
so the commanding general of the star league one aleksandr kerensky has two options to keep his forces from being poached
try to make a new terran protectorate and become another player in the endless succession wars
we may come back to fix things when you 're done blowing each other up ''
all the forces loyal to the commanding general created a vast armada and left for parts unknown .
unfortunately for him despite going hundreds of light years away that pesky nationalism thing starts up again and his sldf ends up fighting each other anyway .
everything devolves into basically what was happening back in the inner sphere only worse .
his son nicholas rallies a core of the sldf and creates the clans .
this is also generally considered a bad thing by everyone not in the clans .
20 clans almost all named after a totem animal blood spirit was named to represent the spirit of the clans .
ancient history part ii putting the gen in eugenics .
three hundred years of picking the best warrior genes and creating sibling companies of artificially born warriors and focusing their entire economy on supporting said uber-warriors .
new mechs toys including omni-mechs mechs that can be easily reconfigured as the mechwarrior wishes !
now most warriors are born from the iron wombs or trueborn '' and naturally conceived warriors are assumed to be inferior calling some one a freeborn/freebirth is an insult that will start a fight
because someday some way they will return and be the inner sphere 's savior .
not so much great strategists because rank is earned by combat .
not just by doing things in combat but kicking the ass of anyone who wants to take your leadership rank .
not-so-ancient history finally the crusader faction the one that wants to take over the inner sphere gets enough power to unleash war on the inner sphere .
wolf jade falcon ghost bear and smoke jaguars get the initial nod and the nova cats and steel vipers get reserve status .
that 's a story for another time however as we 're dealing with the homeworld clans yes the 11 or so one annihilated for crimes against the clans two more absorbed by other clans that did n't get to have a party in the inner sphere .
the junior varsity of the clans so to speak .
basically the next 20 or so years suck for these guys .
not only are the big boys trying to fulfill the clans dreams and they just have to watch as the invading clans take world after world but any time one of the invading clans takes a pounding they come back and raid the homeworld clans for fresh warriors .
wolf and jade falcon nearly killed each other and both of them launched trials for whole units of homeworld clans to rebuild their armies .
to make things worse the inner sphere bands together destroys the smoke jaguars well almost completely and actually comes to the clan homeworlds and wins a trial to stop the clan invasion .
or at least until the clans can find a way around that pesky no more war '' thing .
so this brings us to 3070 and the pressure cooker 's boiling with no where to vent the steam .
clan steel viper who got kicked out of the inner sphere by the jade falcons have been grumbling all this time .
the reason that the clans have n't conquered the inner sphere ?
not because their style of war only works when others fight the same way ... oh no .
it 's because they were too nice to the inner sphere .
or in short the inner sphere is a disease .
purge anyone who 's been exposed to it '' file a note away in your mental inventory here folks under i for irony .
the problem is that the invading clans like the fact that they have the inner sphere and they have enough power in the clans that if any the homeworld clans want to get involved well they 'll get dirt kicked in their face and their stuff taken more than usual .
so for twenty years the homeworld clans have the war equivalent of blue-balls and well they were willing to try anything to get relief .
they elect a new ilkhan and then promptly un-elect him and kill him .
clan fire mandrill is not exactly one of the most-cooperative clans by any standard .
they 've subdivided themselves into various sub-clans called kindraa and they squabble and backstab each other just about constantly .
so several clans nominated the leader of this clan to lead the clans as a whole .
because they thought that nominating their own leaders first would be considered politics which is supposedly verboten in the clans so that everyone would squabble and then when everyone was tired of arguing they 'd get through their real candidate as a compromise '' .
except other clans decided that this was political and decided to short-circuit it by agreeing to the fire mandrill khan as ilkhan .
for the nominators you may insert that shocked pikachu face gif here
so this person who has trouble keeping his own clan from shooting each other is supposed to run all the clans ?
so someone a few months later decides to launch a trial of refusal against the whole this guy was elected in a fair vote '' thing .
i am deliberately not going to make a reference to our most recent us election here .
the fire mandrills are currently squabbling despite one of their own being named the supreme leader of the clans and what does the fire mandrill khan/ilkhan do ?
bids the entirety of his kindraa to defend his role .
now i kinda get his reasoning it 's kinda like saying to his warriors we must hang together or we will hang separately '' .
and in another time another clan it may have worked .
the other kindraa did not deign to support him and his force was defeated and nearly destroyed in the defeat .
so they elect a new ilkhan someone who is less likely to be a spineless jellyfish when it comes to the power games that is clan society .
so now comfortably in charge of all the clans .
the inner sphere clans can see the writing on the wall so they start desperately moving all their homeworld stuff to the inner sphere .
because it 's time for the clan purge folks .
the new ilkhan proclaims as a reward for purging any unclean read exposed to the inner sphere warrior the clan that kills them will be able to use that person 's geneparents uncorrupted to create new bloodlines .
i almost titled this section the trouble of dr frankenclanner .
now admittedly life sucks in the clans for anyone who 's not a warrior .
for 300 years other than attempting to mix clanner genes in new and exciting ways to attempt to create the ulllllllltimate warrior.. they pretty much were forced to have a one track mind .
we 've found a way to increase crop yields by 10 .
i told you to find a way to make my autocannon do 1 more damage !
this came as a bummer to the scientists .. so they were coming up with ways to keep the warrior caste off their backs slightly new toys and allowing them to do more science !
then as the wars of reaving kicked off one of the new rules was that if you killed someone who had a bloodname that was tainted '' by the inner sphere you get control of their bloodline to create new and presumably untainted warriors !
this had the net effect of taking centuries of careful breeding and splicing and tinkering and throwing a giant monkey wrench into the works .
so the scientists finally have enough and try to influence the clans into letting them have their way with science enter not quite human things blood plagues etcetera as well as shutting down the clan hpg network in a future echo of the dark ages in an attempt to get the warrior caste to back off .
of course the clan warrior caste took this calmly and with all the patience and understanding that had been bred into them .
snort i had a hard time typing that with a straight face .
so basically it was open season on scientists even if you could n't prove they were part of the conspiracy .
it got so bad that one clan jade falcon decided that since it would take too long to find out if every member of their scientist caste was involved with the society they 'd do the next best thing .
that 's right the warriors decided since they could n't trust the scientists to take their orders and be good little arms factories they 'd just kill em all let kerensky sort em out '' .
after all they can just grow more and this group would know their place .
and you wondered why i called this period the clansanity
remember that mental note that i had you make a few paragraphs back ?
yeah we 're back to that.. where was it.. oh yes..
basically at this point a good half of the clans are dead at this point .
between the inter-clan squabbling the battles against the society inner sphere clans taking all their stuff to the inner sphere homeworld clans trying to stop them from taking all their stuff to the inner sphere etcetera .
he 's getting more and more drunk on power .
when one of the other khans tries to say um dude you 're getting a little too aggro here i thought this was to get us to kill the inner sphere not kill each other .
even now we 're going to have to figure out how to unscrew up everything it 'll be decades before we can invade now let 's fix this '' the ilkhan takes this constructive criticism as all clanners do .
he pulls out a gun and shoots the guy dead .
in the middle of the clan council where weapons are supposed to be forbidden
now i know that the clans abhor politics.. but that 's not generally the way the clans are supposed to handle debate .
another khan gets up and announces that he 's had one of those eureka moments .
i agree with our esteemed ilkhan that those infected by the inner sphere are tainted and have lost the clan way and must be annihilated .
since the steel vipers have been to the inner sphere and thus are obviously tainted and just as obviously have lost the clan way i propose that the steel vipers be annihilated . ''
so yes this steel viper built a years-long campaign of terror blood and destruction.. and then stepped in front of it with their arms wide open .
and then was surprised as the juggernaut it had created ran over them without a pause .
so it turns out the remaining homeworld clans had one more good war left in them .
to wipe out the steel vipers man woman and child .
when the smoke cleared the 15 or so clans that started in the homeworlds was down to four .
coyote nearly vaporized as they were heavily involved in the society
stone lion new clan originally made up of a galaxy of hell 's horses who never made it out with the rest of the clan but survived long enough that they managed to impress folks enough that they were made their own clan .
to be honest if the star adders had wanted they could probably have taken over everything or at least brought it down to them and the cloud cobras but then who would they fight ?
they 're decades at least away from being able to attack the inner sphere again .
1 vp for every 3 microbes on this card .
i think it may be a consumer term for example if you buy a really nice couch and then you take it home and realise that you need to buy nicer couch cushions to match .
or someone gives you good heirloom jewellery but you do n't have a nice dress to go with it .
i think it 's a term that is like 'something effect '
as expected it did not go well.unlike her saving some culty pictures like bible texts i was saving memes and just because she did n't understand most of them some of them featured dark humor she concluded that i 'm a delinquent and rebellious teen
she said '' remember i 'm doing this because i 'm guiding you to the right path i 'm not a guard who monitors your every move.she said that while scanning every single picture of my phone which is something that a guard would do
she thinks i want a face tattoo just because there i have a darth maul portrait on my phone i 'm a star wars fan not a tattoo fan ffs
just because i have some pictures of anime girls she thinks im desperate for sex and she literally told me to get married already i 'm 16 goddamnit !
and because of some dark humor memes she really thinks i 'm a goth satanic teen
she also takes some of these memes out of context and takes it seriously at times.theyre called memes for a reason !
she pronounces jedi '' as jedee and bruh '' as brooh which shows how ignorant she is to the outside world .
so that 's all i want to tell you it honestly feels good to vent out like this and i hope i can stay patient for 2 more years so i can finally get out of the cult .
edit just for humor she actually got rickrolled several times thanks to the discord memes i downloaded
after a long break my lgs is going to resume al nights and i got asked to dm a historic adventure .
i 've read aldmg historic campaign pg alpg and the faqs but the only mention of dm rewards i managed to find is more updates coming soon '' .
do i follow s9 rules and get to use those rewards on a historic character i have ?
there was some useful info i was trying to revisit but it 's all gone .
redo of healer really is redo of healer canceled ?
hi everyone i 've been struggling for a while to find a budgeting app that effectively deals with work expense/reimbursement transactions hitting my accounts .
i 've tried ynab and mint and have n't found a great way to make it work .
essentially the issue is that i end up making a lot of purchases for my company and then get weekly reimbursement checks .
i do n't have a company card so these purchases are going on a card that 's also used for my personal expenses .
the purchases get paid off within a week when i get my reimbursement check but the issue is that it makes budgeting apps look crazy with all the extra transactions and what it thinks is additional income '' from reimbursement checks and additional card payments .
i 've thought about getting a separate card to use just for work expenses ... . but i also really like racking up points on my amazon visa haha .
and even if i had a separate card i 'm still dealing with reimbursement checks coming in every week and card payments going out of my savings account .
the best '' solution i 've found so far has been to manually delete all my work-related transactions from the budgeting app ... but honestly that 's a huge pain like ... just having to separate personal amazon purchases from worship amazon purchases is a huge pain .
does anyone have an easier way to do this ?
or a budgeting app/system that works better with a lot of work-related activity happening in my accounts ?
i want to buy all of the parts and then buy the gpu last when the prices come down .
the goal is to eventually build 1440 165hz pc for triple a games .
i guess i am looking at 6800 6800xt 3080 maybe a 3070ti or maybe a 6700xt
which processor would achieve 165hz that 's versatile enough to be used on all of these ?
any other tips or advice when going with this approach
every time i try to do it it just crashes .
there also is n't anything present when it comes to res it 's just blank .
after years of planning and delays i finally pulled the trigger .
due to the current ridiculous costs i 've decided to do a micro camper until things normalize as i 'm ready to get on the road and i 'm very sick of waiting .
so it 'll be tiny but it 'll be home and i think it 'll be a good lesson on what i really want when i finally go big .
just as antibiotics breed resistance in bacteria vaccines can incite changes that enable diseases to escape their control .
researchers are working to head off the evolution of new threats .
anime like kaifuku jutsushi no yarinaoshi redo of healer https www.myanimeforlife.com/anime-like-redo-of-healer
who are the dumbest gen zs that you can name ?
german guy here looking for an established duo or 2 people to squad up as a permanent team .
i 'm a gibby main with around 4k kills who usually easily hits plat while solo queueing but i just do n't really try afterwards cause i dont have the nerves for randoms .
i had a 2 kd last season and am currently around 2,5-3 kd for this one but it 's still pretty soon so it might balance out again .
i 'm looking for ambitious people who want to grind ranked and and aim at hitting diamond .
i 'm sure that with the right teammates it should be possible .
of course it 's all about having fun and i 'm always down for playing pubs and ltms etc .
just want a committed squad which has the same goals as i do knows how to communicate and is open for criticism and improvement same goes for me of course
in the upcoming weeks i 'll probably only be able to play in the mornings or during the days i 'm gmt+1 so that would be a requirement i guess .
sometimes i can also play at night but not every day .
tell me a bit about yourself how you like to play and your main and let 's have some fun
so i bought an ender-3 v2 3d printer and once building it i discovered i dide n't have an sd card and an usb adaptor .
i have contacted the seller but my question is is there anything on the sd card that is really important for the printer itself ?
or can i just buy another one if the seller does n't send me an sd card and use that one ?
palkia raid starting soon please leave your username in comments 3219 4782 4646
10 best isekai manga you need to read best isekai manga https www.myanimeforlife.com/best-isekai-manga
hello friends can you help me answer some of the following questions about sla printing technology ?
currently i see peopoly moail and form2 sla 3d printers that use galvo and laser to print resin .
but i find they often make very small prints .
i have a question can i use china 's standard 20-40k galvo and 405nm 150mw laser in combination with marlin code to make sla printers up to 300x300mm print area size ?
looking forward to receiving your advice and if there are documents for me to refer to it would be great
the themes they have been coming up with on their own are kind of homogenized for the most part .
the licensing makes the themes stand out more as a whole at least imo .
i bet the ingredients list is n't even all that impressive  i have n't looked though so i could be wrong .
i 'm excited to show you a new scene from my game the last shot an adventure/puzzle game in a steampunk/dieselpunk setting where you play as a mechanic engineer who should fix different devices and mechanisms to move further through the game .
and here is a frame demonstrating how his working day begins .
do you suddenly lose the ability to have lunch together text each other for advice share hobbies and care about someone just because you 've had sex with them ?
sure it can be awkward for a new partner if someone is close to their ex but it 's by no means impossible to have a normal platonic relationship with someone that you once thought of in a different way
i love to see the player count too especially for specific gamemodes .
i literally used to decide whether or not to queue for dropshot depending on how many players were queuing .
it 's funny cause i logged onto the game last night after this update and the game told me that the dropshot player count was great .
and i know for a fact that there was no more than 1000 people queuing it so i wonder how low their requirements are to be great .
if i work can it be okay in my apartment alone for 4-6 hrs obviously with food and water prepared
i wish i had the flours you get over there .
get good recipes that are local to you and bake bake bake .
if you want some inspiration on what 's possible with european weak flours check out claudio perrando .
i do n't know about you but i feel that you 're doing something quite wrong and i 'm going to try to correct that .
you have a really bad case of not knowing what to do and that 's why you 're doing this .
he did n't acquire his wealth from his family he does n't hoard wealth .
he does n't own mainstream media or corrupt the stock market .
he is advancing electric cars space exploration brain function .
he 's on the spectrum and is kind of a dork .
tune the fuck up and stop looking at your hands
i should n't win but it would still be cool if i did
okay this is a very difficult situation and i 'm sorry things are so bad right now .
but first thing 's first you guys have known each other for 3 years now right ?
so that means he 's known you since you were 16 and he was 19 .
the age difference is already concerning for me but if you 're okay with that it 's none of my business .
second you 've got to get out of there .
this controlling behavior is obviously never going to stop .
next time your father injures you please take a photo of it .
send it to a trusted friend keep a record .
and if he pulls shit like the police report again you can file a report for abuse too .
who 'll cover for you or give you shelter .
have at least three friends that your parents do n't know the adress of so you can go to their place if it ever gets dangerous .
also now 's the time to build a straightforward career path .
pick the one that gets you financially secure the fastest .
you need to get out of there and go nc .
my private messages are always open if you wan na talk more .
i 'd be shocked ... shocked i tell you if the government wasted 600m on an unproven untested product that a buddy of theirs invented .
if you are under 30 a catastrophic insurance plan may work for you to protect you if something big happens hopefully not of course .
dont matter what race or skin color you are money talks .
not anti vax but no sean it actually is different .
for example it is n't mandatory to get a drivers license .
sure but if someone tried that with say doja cat she 'd be on ig live in seconds mooing in protest .
rca does n't control their artists ' social media and normani 's social media engagement is lame and limited .
like you really have to want to be a fan of hers .
i have yet to try to masturbate in public but i would assume that it would be easier for a woman .
i mean i would have to get my erection at the right angle down my pants legs find a way to jerk it with out being noticed and i would n't know what to do with my cum .
just shoot it into my pants and let it dry does n't seem like a good idea
tanisha was supported till the end by salman and bigg boss team .
unlike gauhar where she had to leave the show in between due to biasedness .
i 'm just a student giving my honest opinion that 's what r/chanceme is for right ? .
your ielts score is unfortunately on the lower side a liability that could also bleed into the quality of your essays .
at this point if it does not improve you are ineligible to apply .
if your internships are as prestigious as you say you could very well have a shot if and only if your ielts score improves .
its actually kind of insane that like half of them did n't support the club when they won the league the first time .
but as other people already pointed out you 'd need to spend some more time focusing on details like back feet transition .
just give it another go with a video reference and you 'll be good
i tried to articulate this earlier but you said it better than me .
to be honest ... its hard to imagine someone who hunted for sport also raising his prey to just pick at when he wanted to eat a deer ... not saying youre wrong just that it seems incredibly weird .
idk how much deer meat a family can eat in a year but gosh .
i know there are feasible explanations as to why hed have access to tranquilizer darts supplies ... but what i want the answer to is what did he say he was doing with the stuff at that time and why dispose of it when and where he admitted to ?
just asking the universe i dont expect you to have all the answers !
he rebels against vayne to protect larsa and gets killed for it .
larsa goes down when he tries to approach vayne and vayne kills gabranth when he refuses to bring larsa to vayne .
vayne says something about a dog and gabranth says even a dog has pride '' and is then killed by vayne and larsa falls after touching the protective shield vayne has over himself .
after that the party kills vayne and the game ends .
they must revert it or change it so it displays the amount of players in a specific rank .
here 's some pictures ignore the other in photos please
seems super car-centric the working conditions and holiday allowances are rubbish i 'd rather have europe on my doorstep than other us states .
there 's nothing specific about american life i find a personal draw either .
i swapped covenants last week to a fresh one and caught up in 3 days .
think i got 4 or 5 renown from torghast doing several runs on 12 after i exhausted a lot of other avenues .
also saved all of my guaranteed rewards for as long as i had patience .
did n't start the campaign until the mid to late 30 's .
there 's even less risk now so granting the exemption is even less detrimental now that it was even 2 months ago .
i have a recurrent long white shirt thin hair on the middle of my back that will literally grow to 6inchs if i do n't pull it out .
really hard to get at it before it gets long enough too hahaha
getting them at 34-60 is a fucking embarrassment for sure !
at first yea i would agree but pizza hut quality has gone down the window
does it matter which weed coke cash location i buy ?
i remember it says sse 4.2 is a must ... .so when i tried it with my lenovo x61 it simply does n't work .
like 5-6 years ago when barca and real were the strongest teams in the world they would score like 5 goals past villareal valencia sevilla etc .
it took 5 weeks to get my first em artifact and my second one came in the 6th week .
i did n't go for three i just used an off-set em artifact for the 3rd one .
vegan btw and that 's how i was for my first few months on a vegan diet until i took five minutes on google to see what important nutrients i needed to include in my cooking mostly b12 which you can get from nutritional yeast .
you could probably do the vegan stuff again with a bit more planning i used to be pretty underweight and anemic but am now doing great after figuring out what my body needs and dedicating more time to planning my meals .
i 'm always happy to share my recipes/advice if you 're interested !
most of the complaints i 've heard/seen revolve around the soundtrack and the colors being different than the original .
also one guy who 's reaaaaally disappointed in the change in the fluted armor set lol
your kissing cousins the neoliberals have been deregulating the shit out of everything and it keeps blowing up in their faces .
i do n't need to fly off on a tangent about how the subprime crisis was caused by deregulation ?
the economy has never been more regulated the neoliberals whoever they are are n't deregulating stuff .
they sure do can we go back to embedded liberalism ?
you know the basket of policies that gave us the golden age of capitalism ?
embedded liberalism was what caused the problems we have now any attempt by governments to regulate the economy '' or to redistribute wealth '' is simply mass bribery using stolen money .
and when i learned about aave i heard theres risks to get impermanent loss and stuff like that .
so i threw some money at axie infinity instead and got a scholar thats earning me passive money .
make sure to post your link as a comment in your post so people know where to find you .
if you are looking for more subreddits to join we welcome you to check out our onlyfans101 network which include the following subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansbusty if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm still a bit of a lardass but my legs and core are an awful lot stronger which is something i love to see .
i 'm trying to move to more strenuous exercises but it seems i 'm at an impasse where for example normal bridges are too easy but one legged glute bridges leave me far too shaky to get any meaningful reps in .
i had cole and got d yorke in the box draw..
in single cf formation.. yorke was like a consistent finisher in offline matches .
his otp and dipping shots make him pretty good .
really do n't want to fomo into more matic but got some usdt just sitting there looking like it wants to play with matic
awwww i really wan na try making something homemade of ghostface but i 'm not sure what to make !
please understand that for many people today including most people on this forum including myself masturbation is generally about as interesting as lunch .
you can have a lunch that you 'll remember for years .
but lunch in general is just kinda part of life part of your day and does n't hold any special significance on it 's own .
it 's not particularly exciting and you would n't spend much time or energy thinking about what lunch means because it ... . does n't mean anything ?
it does n't need to mean anything beyond that .
i feel greedy or selfish for asking her to do sexual acts which is why i do n't ask .
i usually just wait for when she wants to .
sounds like y'all need to communicate about sex more in general and masturbation specifically .
why would you do that when you have your loving and beautiful partner to do those things with ?
... it 's because that 's not how life works lol sometimes we do stuff by ourselves this does n't need to mean anything
as a canadian i 've been feeling the commission burn at tddi 9.99 1.25/contract i 'm in the process of moving my main margin account over to interactive brokers .
paper-traded my plays for a week and commissions were only a few to close and open positions .
someone on this sub gave me that advice and i 'm just paying it forward .
auf grund des anderen systems hatte ein stempel bei den 4 impfungen gefehlt das ganze wirkte aber wohl plausibel genug das wir unser zertifikat auch so bekommen haben .
oh sweet summer child ... you think it 's just a neoliberal thing ?
the elites have been doing this since the dawn of time .
yet wants masks ? ? ! ? ! ? !
require all tourists to prove vaccination status issue solved .
idiotic that they think masks will make an ounce of difference and mandate them but no one cares if you got the vaccine..
the casinos used to ask for proof go back to that and also have the airlines ask .
if you 're curious on what this actually looks like https imgur.com/a/vubygse
the blood you donated has now been of use for a patient .
yeah zip tie guy definitely needs harsh punishment and probably should n't even get bail .
but when i say were n't even there i mean people back at home that were planning this thing .
she feels guilty from the cheating but instead of accepting that guilt for what it is she pushes accusations to the daughter to deflect her from having to evaluate her own behavior .
freestyling should be about being creative and making this look as cool as possible .
this story was brought you by a light weight having some wine
you do n't just live with it. its wayyy more complex than that and your feelings matter .
we started open because of an interest i had in women and it developed to dating solo .
i did n't want to stay open but he did .
i tried to be open again and basically decided it was n't for me .
i wish i stuck with it more firmly because i feel like all i did was just get hurt again .
again you do n't just live with it ... you discuss it .
my favourite part of the crusades was when the crusaders cannabilized an entire town in what is today modern-day syria eating all the muslims .
also in the end of cfyow hikone lost most of his reiatsu was n't it ?
wait she 's perfect and nice and friendly but also the meanest bitch she 's ever met ...
be sure not to just uninstall avast through apps/programs features download the special 'uninstaller tool ' for your software as antivirus software is notorious for sticking around after it is uninstalled .
also sometimes running the 'uninstaller tool ' needs to be done multiple times to fully remove various extra files .
i did that and it helped relieve stress on test day because your not wishing you had more time to study .
yes ur right u need to collate data from various osint sources to increase it accuracy ... it 's mostly an investigative process .. u keep digging as u get leads ...
what do you wan na build the team for ?
i know me and most people i know do wash their hands every time when leaving a bathroom but i also know that literally everyone in my household but me barely ever washes their hands aside from before dinner ...
the 17th century and the 1700s are two different centuries
so i checked out some of the profiles of people that praise him on youtube .
some of them are nut job hill song members .
does anybody know if the increased cost of fragments in the vip shop from 100 per 5 fragments to 300 per 5 fragments applies to non-premium nv units ?
you 'll run it just like every other range .
build muscle memory in keep the rifle up and down range
i must 've seen that video almost 100 times now .
nothing like a few bodies to put down a rogue ngo .
after all prohibition helped to break the wtcu maybe this will finally break and vilify madd once and for all .
i think it 's a name for all types of geass actually there are many kings but only one is the winner.. who we know who he is .
i think you are missing the point it is a game not real life .
and why hold onto a player like that in this game when you could dump him and get a player with the same stats on the free agency list for 1 mil instead of 7 mil ?
then the ai in the game is fooled into thinking that player is great and signs him for 7 million weakening the team .
i suppose it is fine if someone is role playing or needs other teams to suck so they can be beaten .
well i 'd say i 'm pretty much agreeing with you .
i never had to look at my partner 's phone either but my point is i do n't believe in walt disney stories and if i 'd feel any doubt at any point i would go and use whatever means necessary to find out the truth .
i would never ignore red flags and think oh it 's not nice to check on her '' .
i mean hope '' is never a good long term strategy while trust but verify '' is a good long term strategy .
but indeed if it would happen all the time that you have to distrust your partner then something is n't working and i would go deeper into the source of the problem for sure and definitely would not become a full-time detective .
i think the developers might be listening to the feedback that overloading one piece of content 's drop table is undesirable .
we 'll get our bis ranger gloves someday but it just might not come from raids 3 .
if you 'd read the article you would understand that this piece is about bigger storylines than just this split .
find another slant in life besides politics you 'll get more enjoyment
i have told her that she should n't worry and that any prospective employer would understand if she were to get pregnant during her probation she is n't going for start-up jobs and would likely keep her on afterwards .
i played with a yummi quiana botlane once and they hard carried the game .
ah well  guess we 'll just have to keep fucking until you can
i once played this with 4 loco and it was a hell of a night
here read the quote at the beginning of this https youtu.be/1vcoixovtoy video it backs up everything i said above .
except for ya know the prostitutes that choose to do what they do .
the lesson to learn there is disassemble on a mat so the parts do n't roll away .
i remember the dad on it recently that made it to front page that was antivax .
he was like 300lbs no shit he should have gotten the vaccine .
yet everyone thought it proved a point that it 's a universally deadly virus .
i dont think paradox or any company for that matter can legally release a game where the player can willingly commit genocide .
that does n't make the slightest bit of sense .
what legally prevents a swedish turkish brazilian and angolan company of making a media product depicting a genocide with user input ?
your argument about why or why not someone would drink alcohol is irrelevant it 's a legal substance/drug just like caffeine and people can make their own decisions .
in regards to the contactless payment this is insane .
the flight attendant still does drink and snack service and the only thing that is excluded is alcohol and food box service to the main cabin full of working class people .
from the spongebob movie i 'm a goofy goober yeah ...
good work on winning the big race to you to .
nathan and i are pretty ecstatic about it too .
and thanks for your concern about my arm but there 's no need to worry about my injuries though .
in spain you can opt to pay income tax as a couple or individually in your end-of-year tax declaration you can calculate it both ways and then choose which is more beneficial for you you can do this every year .
in portugal you can opt to be taxed as a couple which is beneficial if there 's a significant disparity in income between you as it should mean you get taxed at a lower rate overall .
not sure if you can choose each year like in spain or if it 's a one-time decision maybe somebody else can chime in .
i think it 's hard for a lot of people to become fans because barrier to entry is high .
simple sports will always have more players and therefore more fans .
soccer is the most common sport globally because all you need to play is a ball .
hockey needs a puck a stick and skates and needs to be played on ice .
there are entire countries that do n't have ice rinks anywhere so it would be tough for them to become players or fans .
finally watching hockey is more of a challenge than other sports .
pucks are so small and move so fast casual fans just ca n't follow the game well .
even long time viewers have issues and that 's why hockey is n't as popular as football soccer baseball or basketball .
'' like any property cryptocurrency tokens can be income when they 're received as payment or compensation said jarrett in a press release announcing the suit .
but these newly created tokens are like crops harvested by a farmer****which are not taxed until they are sold .
i support this absolute legend he 's right tho .
you may not want to use it if your using it for fast plays this gunsmith is for mid-long range fights
i just saw a little paragraph about what it 's famous for and it seems only to be a hospital ... ?
the key is to just move on like in the euros .
a lot of the offsides last season needed 10 mins meticulous lines and they were dubious due to not being 100 sure when the ball was kicked due to the fps .
in the euros they basically cracked on pretty sharpish unless there was something clear .
nobody would complain or know if someone was offside by a pube .
i do n't know who lawrence is but you got a sick ass mane there dude
common people in a democracy is as guilty as the politicians and corporations .
i plan on getting a set of sounds to stretch me wider before getting a larger ribbed sound .
the shorter tapered sound is 12mm at it 's widest but a want bigger and less tapered so it stretches deeper too
it doesnt count as ownage as long as the own-ees do n't acknowledge it
he is also warforged and a two-handed fighting user .
between skein and your artificer dog you should be able to crush your way to 20 easily .
this bot wants to find the best and worst bots on reddit .
even if i do n't reply to your comment i 'm still listening for votes .
check the webpage to see if your vote registered !
i answered the questions and ended with a nord spellsword it went fine til bloodmoon i got stuck on a cave there was too much werewolves and by that time i did n't how to handle them properly .
overall my character worked because it was a tough warrior with elemental resistance so my ignorance was compensated i had more time to react .
i think i did fighters guild and imperial legion finished morrowind tribunal but not bloodmoon
maybe i 'll reinstall that version and give it another try .
i want the be involved with the greatest e v e n t of the w o r l d '' .
i would n't even be able to penetrate your black owned cheeks with my little white clit .
the sample would likely not meet the qualifications and would be discarded .
my sil practically coslept with her babies those weird bedside cribs that attach to the bed and i feel like a weirdo for wanting to put my baby in their nursery .
i 'm a really light sleeper too so i know weird baby grunts would wake me up .
it 's validating to hear other parents successfully having the baby in another room .
also please no need to point out the dangers of cosleeping i am very well aware and would never consider it .
i usually turn off all notifications and avoid social media until i can catch up .
i actually watched the full movie and it was pretty good
unlucky with the foot my dude i 'm almost at 14 years of service and no injuries yet 68w equivalent role but with a big primary care scope because we have a tiny army in nz
ye ive grinded 3 no life days and didnt even made it to 24 .
i just completed the game and every side quest as well as ran mods the only time i had to change anything was that damn love letter river side quest i had to temporarily lower the fps to 30 so the quest would n't bug out and destroy the barrel in the water at the first waterfall .
other than that i did everything all 120 shrines etc .
the only thing i quit worrying about was i stopped hunting down korok seeds after i maxed all inventory .
so it 's weird your crashing in a very specific location every time .
they must not know about our general awareness of a nice back to school sale clearly they 've never worked retail
i would rather have back to back colonoscopies with prep than ever have an endoscopy ever again .
she ai n't touching anything bachelor with a ten foot pole lol
4 combat unless i 'm getting tired of the damned thing then i 'll drop yellow/green combat to the end
i have the patience to auto the combat paintings and they have reasonable drops to make that worth while .
but i certainly do n't enjoy how long the stupid things take .
and i 'll take some better gau toys over marcus .
i alreadly have his damned bandanna over 70 augments with how much rng loves it while gau has yet to get a single part of the 5/5/8 !
i think maybe it 's better if they 're not allowed to go anywhere
ah yeah forgot about petrille bc they just wrote him off so quickly
do n't forget the micromanaging and overlooking the shoulder ever few hours .
your post has been automatically removed because your account has less than 30 karma .
click here https www.reddit.com/r/firstdayontheinternet/comments/30b44n/could_someone_explain_how_the_reddit_karma_system/cprx7g1 to find out more about karma how it works and how you can acquire it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chiraqology if you have any questions or concerns .
i actually do it in a tshirt now because a. i 'm old and b. i actually do sweat if i have too many layers on .
it 's a god damn great work out though !
oof nekoyashiki and yotasuke are absolutely awful matches are n't they ?
i get neko 's intention to challenge and nudge him but she went too far by invading his personal space .
the chaotic and seemingly random water balloon scene feels authentic tho .
imagine believing a 87-yo alabama republican would be the fall guy for yellen .
probably wo n't do any good but ca n't hurt either
that ended much better for the cyclist than i expected based on the title .
if you 're in a dorm do n't bring a bunch of knickknacks .
i brought small picture frames and little dcor and i wish i would 've just gotten like a nice poster or tapestry i liked and a few photo frames for my desk/shelves .
and do n't do what i did and sleep with your ra the first week because they will be tougher on you and also you 'll be the person who slept with her ra
i knew all of the above and still downvoted this horrible idea ama .
i ca n't elieve how much i 've lost in msos calls and all my individual stocks are down .
the only way to deal with it is to just stop checking prices every day and to come back in the spring .
easier said than done but if you can afford to hold them just step away
yeah i had him in my team for a bit and he was a really good cdm or box to box and could score headers easily
she does n't sound like a friend at all .
the hell is a prime time event for jeopardy ? ?
lol it 's pretty weird to be mad at a friend for fucking another of your friends unless you wanted to go steady with one of them which if you did you should fucking do something about it instead of being a crybaby about it like ryan .
lmao sounds like everyone had some growing up to do .
well he definitely needs helps i mean it 's not his fault that his brain is wired that way and it 's good he is n't acting on these thoughts .
but ultimately i think it 's up to you we ca n't really tell you what to do .
it 's not going to let you craft it if you do n't have enough dust .
your gf has a very selective view of the world .
ofc it 's as bad as it seems and what she is saying just minimizing her actions instead of taking responsibility and then there is the deflection oh yeah your snooping on her is such a breech of trust in no way comparable to actually cheating ?
oh and the gaslighting is complete because here you are on reddit ending your post by asking if you fucked up ?
put another way if you were exchanging dick pics with your gym buddy and drooling all over each other would not that be cheating ?
would that be ... not as bad as it seems '' ?
serena was n't addicted to any substances she was addicted to bad choices .
i 'm glad some teachers and admins are going against dumbass desantis even with his bitchass threats .
all he cares about is following in trumps footsteps and becoming the next potus meanwhile people are dying left and right here in florida and he simply gives zero fucks .
i know he 's the local kid but it was always baffling how virtanen 's face was plastered everywhere it could possibly be .
rule 4 relevance posts must be relevant to our experiences as women for women or about women .
nobody commenting here is qualified to give you advice .
i 'd prefer one god roll but i 'll here the offer and see what fixers you do got and see if i want any
so after some days he has returned as a placeable decoration ... not sure if it just fixed itself or if my ticket caused someone to fix it for my account .
had a shitty gaming chair forever and it sucked .
then at work they changed all our office chairs to herman miller 's and i was sold .
got one a few years ago and it is legit worth every penny .
it 's a shame that he 's beholden to the crazier parts of the cpc .
he does try but every time he does try the socons and other hard right factions fuck it up .
it was great that he tried to get the party to officially recognize anthropogenic climate change but it was voted down and it just made for bad press .
he gets a lot of blame for being a bad leader but you when you look at what he has to work with you certainly ca n't say it 's entirely his fault .
the cpc will probably blame him for losing the election kick him to the curb and rinse and repeat .
i can still do all of that in the autumn and without the mugginess and sweat .
all mass shootings are to be laid on the nras doorstep since they 've enabled them all .
you could perhaps blame the specific blm organization if they purposefully entice people to cause senseless mayhem .
but the riots are caused by the systematic issues that blm are trying to rectify .
racism poverty injustice and a system unwilling to change itself .
it 's what you call a wicked problem and can only be resolved when the public acts to resolve it .
like how women got their rights to vote when the public demanded it .
the change did n't come from within the institutions the public made the institutions change .
one stopped working entirely while the other does n't work as good
after what happened monday i 'm not going to die on the hill of nsav defense but i will say it takes infinitely less effort to post tweets than it does to make a functioning website .
so much so that tweets are n't gon na slow down productivity obviously assuming they are being productive but i digress
furthermore infrequent communication is one of the things nsav was horrible about in the past so i 'm not complaining about them trying to communicate more now .
whether a best case or worst case scenario this is exactly the right move to keep shareholder concerns a bit more ...
this whole chapter is amazing in many ways and that says a lot for a book that covers the christmas arc .
some things i 've already mentioned in previous posts and i still have some more thoughts to come .
this moment was n't exactly the most earth shattering but it is illustrative i think of how it 's the little details that the ln provides that make the story so much richer .
in episode 18 of the anime class 2-c finishes their exams taiga tries to invite minori to lunch with her and ryji in order to set them up and minori blows them off again .
then kihara tries to ambush ryji into going to lunch with her to talk about not allowing kitamura and taiga to get together .
ryji avoids this by tagging along with taiga to the post office .
but there 's a few details missing here that i thought were important and arguably necessary for the story line .
particularly since it shows a glimmer of discernment for ryji who constantly seems to be lost in the dark .
first on page 146 after minori bails on the lunch offer ryji starts to look around and notice that all of his friends had lunch plans .
either they were eating with each other or they had something they wanted to accomplish now that their exams were completed .
for a brief moment despondent over minori 's constant avoidance ryji despairs that he has no one to eat with .
maybe he 's taken her for granted because she 's always been there to have lunch with him or the fact that he makes the lunches for them or that he really does n't want to eat alone .
either way like a certain moment at the end of this book it suddenly dawns on him how much he enjoys the time he spends with taiga .
naturally she does n't want to have lunch with ryji today due to her self-imposed errand to the post office .
ryji seems to know exactly what kihara is up to .
recently she just pleaded with him to fight for taiga 's love as everyone is pushing her toward kitamura .
but the ln makes it clear on page 147 that ryji sees right through kihara that she has ulterior motives here to keep kitamura available for herself and/or she wants to have an uncomfortable conversation about ryji and taiga .
either way ryji is aware that kihara is trying to use him and he is not at all happy about that .
so it 's not just a matter of being uncomfortable around girls that moves him to scamper away with taiga .
my pup does this with even the smallest bits of a ripped up toy wanting me to throw it .
damn i feel the same way as the person he is quoting just to mock .
but i am learning to see the good in people and learn the little bit of yin in yang and the bit of yang in yin .
well if it ca n't be levar then mike 's the next best .
rj also have similar issue it annoy me because i want to check my average time for mission completion .
i have the same in mine i do not miss changing between discs constantly haha
it 's nice you are working up to 75 hours a week but do n't forget that mother of a young baby or toddler is working 168 hours a week .
you apes with the dd blow my mind how you find all of this .
change your controla so throttle is tied to l2/r2 and then change your sticks so that the left stick controls roll and the right stick controls pitch and yaw .
makes it aim more like infantry and 'drive ' more like a tank .
i custom machined one honestly a dremel tool from a socket that was the right diameter saved
defense has been bad but the most glaring deficiency that 's going to stand out for garza is his complete lack of presence in the paint when it comes to rebounding .
it has been a major liability when he 's on the court .
maybe that can be covered up by putting him on the court with stewart or other rebounders .
but it 's been really bad and that 's only going to stand out more in the regular season games .
he 's not ever in the spot he needs to be does n't box anyone out and when he is in good position he does n't have the athleticism to outdo anybody for the board .
it 's so bad it might prevent him from seeing significant court time .
great set well done to the wife she nailed it .
ofcourse noone would complain if it was reasonably priced .
that 's the issue and it 's a fucking huge one .
reasonable prices meaning an actual leap in performance at the same cost basic .
the 6700xt was a dud that was 30 better than the 5700xt at a 25 msrp price hike .
this card somehow outdoes that flop by providing the same performance from 2019 at the same price point as 2019 .
wait do they actually means yeets or something else that im too mentally ill to understand ?
some good points but the deportation/citizenship one was weak .
we have just introduced a new way of checking users on blacklist .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fallout76marketplace if you have any questions or concerns .
the story building is perfection and what i strive for in filmmaking .
the pace is absolutely key and i envy the over all structure of this film .
especially music wise i ca n't help but adore hans zimmer he really went all out with this in my opinion .
yeah that 's a fair point but more people have come around to chael now or at least should be able to look at the fight objectively .
they expected chael to win by a large margin after he dominated brian stann so that also played a factor .
i truly think most people only watched it once and if they watched round 1 again today they would change their opinion .
yeah if you at least have a syringe at the worst case you can take insulin out of your pump and inject that even if you are n't able to carry around spare insulin .
back cove is excellent every hour of the day .
would ? down in a hole rain when i die sickman dam that river ... definitely the best .
opt out https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=wikimobilelinkbot message=optout subject=optout beep boop .
our community relies on its members to help it grow .
if you enjoyed this particular post please consider crossposting this content to another relevant subreddit .
crossposting content from r/asiannsfw will bring in more members who will then share more quality asian content for the whole community to enjoy .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asiannsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll say this every time but the fact that the main guys power is a damn magic friendship sweater that looks like the bracelet his daughter gave him is all you need to know about how much that movie disappoints .
i was wondering how they worked they did n't seem cos effective as braces but this makes sense .
you do n't really care if it collapses behind you .
thank you so much for this fello ' ape .
i have learned more from this post then i ever got out of formal education .
i forgot to put that buzz should get a fisherman skin
did n't oregon do this when republicans bolted to idaho in opposition to a gas tax hike ?
but then the progressive house group announced they had the votes to block the infrastructure deal and that they would unless it came to them along with the reconciliation bill .
lol this is fucking false as shit and you know it .
literally in the same press conference biden announced senators had reached a deal he said he would only support the bipartisan deal if the reconciliation passed as well .
pelosi said the same exact thing in her speech that day .
why are you so fucking terrified of admitting dems are good actually ?
it 's all pretty easy one thing that scared me was the j-pipe swap .
sat in my garage for two years till i had the guts to try it .
got scared by all those negative stories about the one top right hard to get at nut .
my car was over 4 years old when i attempted it .
secret was pb blaster the day before then heating the base of the studs with a propane torch for 90 seconds .
used 6 point sockets with various length extensions and a long prybar .
taking the drivers side wheel off helps just lined everything up and took my time .
studs came out with nuts on them as planned .
grimmspeed stud and nut kit where ready to go in .
lot 's of videos on everything you want to do to the car .
secret is to watch the videos 2 or 3 times from different sources .
i suggest you watch last humans garage on all his mods a little long winded but he is not biased and show 's what you can do if you take your time .
everything was done with just a basic jack and stands in my driveway .
yeah i agree with you guys but when i traded for it the lime was already on it
just attend the gathering with a clear head and put on your best happy face .
be cordial do n't be rude but do n't go out of your way to speak to her about the past or how things ended .
focus on your other friends and buddy up with the one you feel closest with as i 'm sure most of the others know and understand how it may be awkward and uncomfortable for you .
let them know beforehand that you 're attending with the best intentions of not focusing on her and the past and let everything else just ride out .
do n't expect anything to go a certain way because it wo n't go according to plan it never does .
focus on staying with others in the group and dont open yourself up to being alone with her to avoid any awkwardness or confrontation .
this means that the upgrade choices are very limited i would n't be surprised if only 6th generation works on that thing .
it may be a cheaper option to go with something like 10400f new motherboard .
10400f is not slower than 8700k same number of cores 6 same number of threads 12 the clocks are slower but the newer cpus do more work per clock cycle .
the cooling in dell 8910 is not great there is barely any room between cpu fan and power supply .
i would ditch the entire thing and just salvage memory ssd and maybe psu from it .
i shop for two people and earned 125 in rewards effectively making the membership free .
if you have a family it 's a no trainer to get it .
it 's only a rip off '' if you are buying for 1 person .
i have stomach fat so there 's absolutely no way in hell i would be approached
i thought i was doing plenty of damage on lance but it means just spamming the same spiral thrust through the whole fight .
i played it once found it sort of tried to do everything poorly and nothing well .
that 's incredible i never knew that she 's taken out instantly when you do non lethal
you meet them before you know they are your half brother no new desire is born only new joy at the surprise to learn they are .
for that matter any surprise joy neatly proves happiness is not merely fulfillment of deprivation .
if she were just his childhood friend i think he 'd behave the same way .
and in other games he is often rescuing people he does n't even know .
surely that 's why he was chosen to be the hero ?
is it just me or does momo looks like orihime there
svsss is fun cute and id dare to say light-hearted .
im rolling my eyes at the comment section but i once thought like most people do binghe and sqq were just bound to be together .
but once you read to the end extra chapters it 's not really like that .
sqq is no damsel in distress he left once and he could leave again binghe after some character development would n't force himself on him .
just my opinion but it 's really weird how some people seem to forget that both mc and ml are flawed people and how much shit binghe has been through .
i 'm getting very it puts the lotion in the basket or it gets the hose again vibes here ... .
from the wire go to gta portal and then eta .
but there had to be some way other than to resort to violence nearly right off the bat .
right off the bat would 've been if she did this in 23b when he refused to go back the second time .
we 're now 9 episodes of time past that and from her perspective she 's just been sitting watching 0kabe piss away her entire life 's mission with his inaction .
i 'm a pretty big 'greater good ' guy and ... yeah that 's the side suzuha 's on .
she 's got more important things to worry about than 0kabe 's feelings .
well i was never in to philosophy the video was just in my feed .
i purposely stayed away from it actually bc i knew this would happen and it would make me depressed and give me existential crisis .
and i 'm yeah i 'm gon na try to do point 3 that like you suggested .
just gon na try and slowly forget about this topic and focus on my life and do what i enjoy .
just pretend it was all just one bad nightmare .
thx for being considerate bc i see a lot of ppl who do n't believe in free will usually just shove it in face of ppl like me who struggle with these topics .
it worked in the last game when i posted about risp .
i hope you have started a trend i know must decide how many to transfer
you are very much in the thick of the wildcard race ?
clearly that means we 're both secretly streamers and liars because there 's no way we can get lucky otherwise
spend more on psu get 10yrs warranty one like antec hcg 80plus gold .
get a good airflow case like lian li lancool 215 .
coz case and psu are the things which u wont change frequently so invest more in that .
get a 1tb nvme m.2 instead of spinning drives .
before getting corsair vengeance check if your mobo supports xmp for that check in qvl list .
about graphics card wait for some time as of now get lower end one .
finally by assembling it yourself u can save 5 to 10k .
the correct answer would be you were made relevant in 2008 then by the takeover .
especially with your owners pumping so much money into your tinpot club according to a post yesterday .
gee thanks anonymous stranger i will take your word for it s
if you deposited by bank transfer tell skrill to close your account and reverse the transfer that way you 'll get a full refund with deduction of fees .
if they wo n't do so contact your bank and ask them to reverse the transfer .
that 's like asking if the political love child of john howard and bronwyn bishop https www.abc.net.au/news/2013-10-01/rogerson-tony-abbott27s-political-heritage/4991562 would be a good pm .
dear god no ! and oh god why would you suggest that ?
what condition is the scott pilgrim box set in ?
the government at least american makes it hard for couples to be together if they are n't married .
i sold my eth in march to join safemoon and the gain is the proof that my decision was right !
so from lurking on your profile it seems you 're a younger guy which probably means that the other dude is a younger guy too .
sounds like he is trying to figure himself out .
and while he deserves a chance to figure himself out it does n't mean it has to be at your expense .
if you two wan na have some amazing sex while figuring shit out together go for it .
but instead by being in a relationship you 're tying your future to a man whom does n't even know if he wants to date any men let alone you .
my advice would be to treat it like it is .
if he decides that he 's gay or bi then figure out if you have feelings for him and go from there .
but until he can give you some actual confirmation about his sexuality it 's not a real relationship .
how the fuck do he jack off with that ring
an employer does not have the right to make massive changes like moving you to another city without it being constructive dismissal .
op have a lawyer review the contract as a whole .
i finally just went ahead and bought all their songs i liked including from sub-units and solo work and made my own playlist .
i would n't care about adding flavour of i literally had 10 for a week .
i would just eat ramen and other cheap stuff .
do n't answer numbers you do n't know and as i 'm from queensland i just do n't answer calls from other states .
they 'll leave a message if it 's important .
had this phone number 20 years i get a lot of scam calls .
was actually getting so many that i set it up so now my mobile phone design even ring if the number is n't saved in my contacts i just get a notification i missed a call
that 's a lot of words to justify your position that you believe 4/5 black people are stupid and ignorant .
but whatever you have to do to intellectualize it .
you just believe that the vast majority of black people happen to be stupid ignorant uneducated and ca n't figure out how to get a free vaccine .
you are the machinery of systemic oppression and you do n't even realize the contributions that your rhetoric adds to it .
we are aware that some users were having issues logging in to the game after the 1.2.0 update .
however players who answered ok '' to start a new game ? ''
my company are going to buy me an ergonomic desk chair because i 'm tall .
they all seem to have similar features for a similar price .
given the prices i would n't be surprised if i end up having to get something cheaper anyway but we 'll see what happens
girl in the back of a tiktok who is she ?
it occurred to me that my many hours of pain and suffering over the past couple of days might do some good if i share my insight !
i just want to say that i know there are better and more efficient ways to do this mode this is more for those that might be struggling with some aspects or like me predominantly play solo and are at the mercy of whatever random players they meet .
you can even swap out a gun or card from this setup to suit your playstyle !
the main reason i think this might be helpful is the fact that it takes very little resources to easily clear wave 10 this way !
as a matter of fact you 'll only need some cheap food to occasionally refill your deadeye if it even comes to that no tonics or fancy bullets required .
cards a moment to recuperate sharpshooter iron lung and fool me once .
i recommend grabbing a horse and riding like the wind using your revolvers and repeater to run enemies down swapping between targets when engaging groups as a means of crowd control and then letting loose once they 're stumbling or on the ground .
if your repeater runs out of bullets mid-fight swap to one of your revolvers in turn and do n't be shy about getting in range and making each bullet count or trampling them with your horse .
even a normal bullet to the chest will stun them momentarily .
pepper in your deadeye ability to heal as necessary though if you are moving around on horseback correctly you should n't be taking a ton of damage .
wave 7 is where things get interesting when the tanks and big boys show up .
hit the rooftops before wave 7 begins if you 're feeling nervous otherwise you can kill the first 10 20 enemies or so before things really heat up .
i highly recommend the blackwater grand theater rooftop as it has a carcano rifle that spawns every round so if you do not own one you are in luck !
this also means that if you 're a low level you can still be a huge asset to your team via sniping support .
use the various crates near the front end of the rooftop for cover while picking away at enemies with your sniper rifle allowing the architecture of the building to protect you from behind .
your main concerns are enemy snipers and the 3 main ladders that lead to your location .
between every sniper magazine/reload i highly recommend checking your radar for nearby enemies and then scanning the horizon for enemy sniper scope glints they look like white fuzzy blobs of light .
when things get slow you can stand on top of the crates to see nearly every spawn point on the map .
this strategy works great with another person to watch your back so do n't feel shy if somebody is already up there doing god 's work !
it also works great if you 've got some crazy albeit skilled rambos on your team .
where i live it 's getting harder everyday due to the pressure to get vaccinated .
soon we ca n't go to big supermarkets events mandates at jobs etc .
the vaxxed have freedom with the new vax id .
is this ever going away or it 's a permanent thing ?
going nuts over here  is there a way around this except for the obvious faking of vaccination status ?
recently read women do n't owe you pretty by florence given and it made me realize a lot about myself and confront things is ignored and now i crave more books like it .
bonus points on feminism books that are n't just from a white cis straight abled woman 's pov .
also for books about finding yourself specifically like how to come into your own identity and shed what society has taught you to be or how people have perceived you if that makes senses .
is there a bot that logs discord reaction removal and which user removes it ?
i 've found some that ofc log the reaction removal but it does n't tell me who is removing them .
we have been having a problem in the server i 'm staff in where one of the many mods/admins are removing reactions to a giveaway to be petty '' .
we have been trying to figure out whos doing it by finding a bot that could tell us but i ca n't seem to find one .
if there is n't one is someone able to make one for free ?
i 'm trying to setup a ping sensor to see whether our computers are turned on .
this used to work before but it broke some updates ago somewhere in the beginning of the year .
i figured it 'd be fixed but i 'm still running into the same issue .
when i attempt to use a ping sensor i get an error claiming that the operation is not permitted .
when i login as the homeassistant user which is running homeassistant i can ping the hosts without a problem .
i cant go a day without it anymore lul .
i have constant urges to do it and even if im out with friends and i get the urge im fapping in a bathroom or smth lol .
i had back to back ez 4k on map with minimal effort .
i never imagined of all killers it 'd be trapper who would excel on a map that gives other killers such a hard time .
okay you 've probably seen this theory/rumour before but i 'm posting it here anyway because i talked about this with my friends last weekend and we were torn on whether it 's true .
the prince leads her up a hill where they stop and look at the colourful clouds and as the camera zooms in a castle just appears .
to my mind it makes me think of heaven .
my question is well did snow white really ever come back to life ?
or is she dead and the prince has come to take her to heaven like she always dreamed he would ?
now i 'm not saying the animators or anyone else who worked on the movie was trying to say .
but it seems a little strange that there 's a castle with beams of light in the clouds while the prince is leading snow white on his horse .
there 's also the fact that she says goodbye to the dwarves like she 's never going to see them again .
could n't she come back to see them if she 's still around ?
let me know what you think but no hate please .
if you have another look at the scene even if you do n't agree you might understand my interpretation .
been having this problem where when i set a game or application to fullscreen and tab out of it i wo n't be able to tab back into it as it keeps minimizing itself .
everything runs fine in windowed mode but fullscreen just causes stuff to minimize .
i 've tried disabling a lot of different stuff to see if something is forcing itself to stay on top or something along those lines but ca n't seem to figure out what 's causing it .
was wondering if anyone had come across this before or had any ideas on how to fix it
update incase anyone else has the issue i ended up figuring it out after a couple of hours feel like an idiot was because of the stupid windows weather update thing but for some reason because i 've had my taskbar on the top of my desktop i never saw the weather thing so i never knew it was a problem till now
checked the voltage of the battery and it was 12.4v so it wasnt charging
im wondering if it could be worn brushes or a worn diode in the rectifier inside the alternator because there isa burning smell form it when running
i have a dawner prince boonar plugged into a blackstar ht20r .
whenever i do string bends particularly higher frets and strings with my delay pedal engaged i hear a weird low frequency sound from the speaker .
edit it only happens on my blackstar not on my epiphone valve jr
i 've never heard anything like it and i 'm not sure what it is .
it occurs immediately after i bend the string and does not repeat with the delay suggesting that it is due to something after the delay pedal .
it does not occur when i have the pedal off .
this may be odd but it sounds like the speaker is doing a backflip in response to the bend it sounds like it 's an inverse to the bend .
i 'm not sure if this is specific to my pedal/amp combo but i 've never noticed anything like it on other rigs with both a different amp and delay pedal .
i 'd like to figure out what is causing it though because i find it really annoying and non-musical .
last edit 10 mins til the price changes so i 'm closing this .
it 's thursday morning here and the boys are buying for 433 !
i 'll be letting 3 people in at a time .
to get to nook 's just head straight up from the airport .
you can make multiple trips just let me know and how many .
i 'll be the one sitting in front of nook 's .
please do n't share dodo code unless you ask .
if you 're willing to give here are the following
if you do n't have a flair yet dm me !
i got a rare skin from outland chest but did n't pay attention to who it was for .
is it possible to get one for a hero you have n't summon yet and therefore ca n't see it ?
shorts have covered 3.2 million shares during last reporting period .
it does look like shorts are covering 3-4 million shares per month .
june and july they have covered 7 million shares to 26 million shares from 33 million shares .
we have seen 15 to 23 range in this period .
i 've got a couple of days left in vegas looking for the best frozen margarita in town ... all help greatly appreciated
kyland 's bulge is very noticable during the veto comp tonight .
our story i 'm a 32 year old lawyer and i want to quit law for good .
the hours are long my bosses are abusive and ungrateful and i 'm ready to thrust myself into something new and work for myself for a change .
my dad is a 65 year old anesthesiologist and ready to retire from medicine but wants to start a new venture to keep him active .
nether of us have been in the weed business before but we 're both longtime smokers and it would be a dream come true to make money doing something we love .
what we 're wondering since neither of us have been in the industry before we 're trying to learn as much as possible .
how much capital does it take to start a dispensary ?
we have about 300k of our own money to devote to it .
is it hard to get business loans for dispensaries ?
do they need to be located in ny state ?
can we expect to turn a profit by the second year ?
will either of our backgrounds help us get a license ?
it seems like ny has n't even promulgated licensing procedures yet .
went to tallinn recently and picked up a tower of something called all white 13 xtrm3 .
i 'm pondering on whether to open the tower and test it out because a friend of mine did and he said it 's way way too strong to use .
the ingredients says it 's 3 nicotine whatever that means .
it use to be just average people having some fun and showing off .
now every nsfw sub is nearly 100 onlyfans content creators .
i have n't seen a single sub try and tone things down .
edit yes obviously it 's for financial gain of the content creators .
my question was geared more towards why the communities of these subs have changed .
and why the mods of said communities do little if anything to try and maintain those community identities that existed prior to the onlyfans explosion .
at this point i am just summoning for every fight lol
we 're all tired of doing the same long quests in out of the way dimensions after ua .
so what if there was another stone of time that would increase drop rate and and decrease the amount of kills on non daily quests and maybe another miscellaneous stat .
and of course upgrading it would n't increase the stats as much as the other stones .
for aslong as i can remember i have never been able to sleep without laying with a pillow across my chest on my stomach as it feels like a cat is laying on it .
area on the rim where the ribs end ish .
i 'm on omeprazol but it 's not working as well now as when i began .
i eat fairly healthy and do european martial arts every week and am in jrotc .
starting to become lactose intolerant so eating less dairy .
have to lay on a few pillows to help even out pressure on my stomach .
anyone know if this is just bad acid reflex or something else ?
ask for more info if needed i 'll he glad to share .
i have mild scoliosis last year i checked it was 10 degrees or lower but for these past 2 weeks i 've had this weird soreness pain above my left hip on my lower back when i start walking .
i 'm not sure if this is due to the curve or something else because my curve is also on the left side of my lower back .
i go to physical therapy once a week and have been telling them .
give me your best general insults come backs and jokes that are the equivalent to women belong in the kitchen !
there are two events this week thursday 8/12 3pm pst saturday 8/14 12pm pst
we hold these hauntings every week so if you want to join and are unable to this week lmk and i can put you on a list for next week .
if you 've done this before you 're more than welcome to join us again as a cousin if you 've won the game or initiate if you were sacrificed .
there is a spooky haunted island called nosferatu in a deserted galaxy far far away .
it is like a magical fever dream with a bridge overlooking hell a mushroom forest a dance floor in the clouds a pirate ship nightmare houses and more .
it was created by the grandmother of the cult of cousins for her cousins .
the cult of cousins lurks in the shadows in the corners of your nightmares .
the fox mask they wear gives them dark power .
they use that power to seek out new members who will be capable of withstanding the mask 's darkness .
they use strange rituals and torture methods to break potential sacrif i mean initiates down in order to build them back up and prep them for the change .
but not everyone is worthy of the fox mask .
those who can not complete the tasks and challenges are sacrificed .
as an initiate your job is to follow orders and withstand the torment .
you must be broken in order to be reborn .
if you do not follow orders you will be immediately sacrificed .
worst case scenario the game will be forcibly ended .
if you need to leave or are uncomfortable with the content use the safe word banana so we know you 're not just in character .
comment your ign and i 'll confirm with you .
and i want to call that function with the arguments as well .
in knowing firsthand just how absolutely erotic and downright naughty/dirty i felt the 1st time my dad 's 100 biological who raised me along with my mom from the day i was born hard cock entered my wet pussy when i was 19 ... .i would like to know in detail what a dad was feeling/experiencing the 1st time his cock entered into his own daughter 's pussy the very same pussy he helped to create .
my dad i fucked and i say fucked '' because that 's exactly what we were doing ... .fucking ... .there were no intimate feelings of love and wanting a relationship ... .it was pure unadulterated fucking from when i was 19 until i was 22 .
i accidentally initiated all of it by believing i was home alone ... .instead of fucking myself with my dildo in my bedroom i opted to bring it downstairs to the living room .
i started watching some girl-on-girl pussy eating porn which always made me wet and began fucking my dildo right there on the couch .
whether it was the porn i was watching that was loud or if it was me that was loud i did not hear the garage door open nor did i hear the car that pulled into the garage .
i also did not hear the sound of the deadbolt being unlocked but i can guarantee that my dad would have heard me loud and clear through the locked backdoor and he still chose to unlock it and walk-in anyways .
when he did open the backdoor he was greeted with seeing me completely naked fucking myself with an 8in dildo my pussy would have been in full view since it was pointed in the direction of the backdoor ... .he also witnessed me going through a very intense orgasm ... .so intense that my dad got to see a woman squirt for the 1st time in his life .
i had my eyes closed so it was n't until i had finished squirting that i realized he was standing there .
i 've read so many stories about a daughter who got caught masturbating by their dad who immediately proceeded to runaway in embarrassment ... .that was not what i did ... .i knew i was stonecold busted and that running away would not change that fact .
so instead i wiped myself off grabbed my stuff and as i walked past him i said i apologize for you having seen that .
i thought you were not coming home tonight and that i would have the house to myself .
i hope this wo n't affect our relationship as father/daughter . ''
and i went upstairs to my room ... .but it was as i was walking up the stairs that i looked down at my dad who could n't see that i was looking at him because of a wall blocking the upper half of my body that i noticed the pretty big bulge that was coming out the top of his shorts .
my dad 's cock was as hard as a rock and it was standing at full attention all because he walked in on me fucking myself .
that realization had my pussy throbbing ... .i admitted to myself right there and then that the thought of my dad 's cock fucking my pussy was something i wanted .
so i started thinking of ways i could seduce him to get him to fuck me but i did n't have to do anything ... .the next thing i know my dad is charging into my room butt-naked with his huge cock leading the charge ... .without saying 1 word he threw me onto my bed and started to eat my pussy and asshole ... .he then again without ever saying a word skull-fucked me and then finally ended with ramming his cock into my pussy where he fucked me for over an hour until he unloaded his hot cum deep inside my pussy he knew he could cuz he already knew i was on the pill .
after that he got up and walked out of my room he never said 1 word .
as i laid there realizing what had just happened i felt his cum oozing out of my pussy ... .i reached down and scooped some of it up in my hand and i sucked it all up into my mouth ... .i had just been fucked like a dirty slut by my dad ... .i had just ate my dad 's cum that was flowing out of my pussy like a dirty whore ... .and i fucken liked it ... .i wanted more !
we talked about it 1 time with us both agreeing to never tell my mom ... .we also admitted that we enjoyed it and that we would n't mind if we fucked each other again ... .so started the fun fucking adventures i would have with my dad ... .who i allowed to be the 1st to fuck my asshole ... .but that 's another true tale for another time ... .i would like for dad 's who have actually and 100 truly fucked their biological daughter 's to describe to me in detail how they felt as they were plowing their cock into their own flesh blood daughter 's pussy !
please do not leave any negative comments ... .this was a completely consensual affair between 2 adults who just so happened to be father daughter ! !
when the movie finishes what would be the first song you would choose to play when the credits start to roll ?
for me i 'd go with diamonds from sierra leone .
so far i have heard double slash and valcano from dart harpoon from lavitz and shana 's attack sound
double slash in jp sound like he says daigeri i 'm not entirely sure also valcano is still valcano but not as much enthusiasm
harpoon is n't as energetic but fitting for the jp voice
shana 's voice is really good in jp and makes me like her even more
lately i 've felt more angry and anxious and quick to temper than i have been in the past .
i feel stressed about work and things in life school and i guess wanting to please people .
i ca n't really pinpoint a specific cause but i have many emotions attacking me slowly and i 'm just falling into a slow depression which is what i am feeling currently .
i ask for recommendations of tools to avoid getting the hands fingers and wrist areas tired .
i 've been no contact for about two maybe three months i forget exactly and every time i think i 'm fine something comes along and makes it hurt again ...
i keep wanting to share things with my dad because i know the kind of stuff he usually likes but then i remember that he denies anything happened and is more concerned with his own happiness than his child being abused by his wife ...
he has a pretty distinct car since there 's like three yellow vehicles in the entire town and every time i see a yellow vehicle i get anxious because i do n't want to run into him or my mother .
i keep getting paranoid just going to the store because he could realistically be there at any given time as well .
i ca n't even leave town for the foreseeable future because i 'm poor and jobless ... with any luck i 'll be able to get on disability this month if my hearing goes well .
but if not i really do n't know what i 'll do ...
how the fuck do i deal with all this ?
i 'm just wondering is my owner out there i 've been looking and looking for a long loving relationship an ltr with my goddess so where is she .
i mean i 've tried just about every bdsm and alternative website on the internet i 've even tried other dating sites that people tell me that they have found there mistress on well not me .
anybody got any ideas where do i find my dominatrix my mistress/goddess my owner now please do n't send me to alt all the ladies on there are financial dommes and i do n't want that .
i want a loving caring match style relationship but with my bdsm goddess .
i know ppl do it they must you see women getting spanked by their sirs on reddit and a few other categories you see masters and subs on reddit every day .
i even know ppl who live the fetish bdsm lifestyle 24/7 and yes i 've asked but most of my friends are married fetish couples and know other married fetish couples .
but not single mistress single sub sure you can find them and married d/s couples seem to be playing with them but they do n't seem to know any single mistresses who want a match style d/s sure they know financial dommes i even know a couple but that 's not what i want because they are out for money and most do n't want to do s/m after a hard day doing it as there job .
so just maybe some one will read this and think i 'm a goddess i 'd love to find a submissive who is 70 lifestyle s/m 30 vanilla an open honest loving caring willing to give his mind body and soul to be my protector and my sissy slut who likes vanilla things as well as bdsm will see if your out there .
i mean why ca n't you go to work during the day and week then get kinky on the weekend or hell work a kinky job like a sex shop or a bouncer at a strip club but what ever it is you can combine your vanilla and your kinky life be a doctor and do kinky after work or be a cop and be a goddess well we will see if any one reads and is out there .
but do n't waste my time spending weeks chatting me up online let 's meet grab some dinner or lunch life is to short to just waste time online .
how does management think this is doable ? ? ?
with only 2 fucking techs ! ! ! ! ! !
they need to work at a store and find out what it 's really like .
i 'm staying up all night watching tv and i 'd love someone to talk to and i really enjoy asking questions .
i 'll answer questions too but it 's not required that you ask any
really good site if you are looking for coupon codes .
you can find most stores deals coupons deals on there .
lssc https i.imgur.com/e94skko.png august 11 2021 11:35/10:35c on cbs click here to check your local listings http www.tvguide.com/listings
marlon brando stars as the covid one '' https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=mvwkfix2psq
the vaccine conspiracy train makes stops at ivermectin chimpanzees and i am legend '' https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ndze5ugu5j4
covetton med has luxury therapies for long covid sufferers https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=o8n32kzryri
alan alda on why communication is so important to science https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=abr6cqbndm4
alan alda and stephen get to the bottom of it https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=1zmrhdkajec
gabriel iglesias can do every voice from space jam 2 '' all by himself https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ndlnxatxbkm
newcastle dunks us12 tts tried on once og all .
resin yeezy slides us12 tts no box slides only can fit either 12 or 12 1/2 marked as 12 1/2 but fits 12 very well according to my other pair brand new unworn .
color is spot on lighting makes it look weird .
batch 2 eric emmanuel purple/yellow shorts tts small ordered small accidentally when i 'm a medium .
authentic vintage marilyn manson heirophant shirt no tag fits s-m looking for 59 shipped lowest price on the entire internet .
i have a head ache and i was 6 days clean .
i 'm too stressed at the moment i ca n't stay clean .
i want some fucking help but i ca n't get any .
i was looking into some classic army guns and found some i might order i wanted to know if http classicarmyshop.com http classicarmyshop.com is trusted and if there 's anything i should know before i order .
i butchered and ate my first rabbit this week and i 've heard rabbits taste similar chicken but it definitely did n't .
it had a similar texture to chicken but that 's it .
it wasnt dry it was almost rubbery and had a weird aftertaste ig .
my mom prepared it it was a fried in a pan with butter garlic rum there was some other stuff 2 but i was n't paying attention and then cooked the rest of the way in the oven covered in the sauce .
i 'm a little conflicted as to whether i like it or not like i definitely would n't choose rabbit over chicken .
i did n't want his pelt to be so thin it ripped so i wanted to wait a bit before i butchered him and he was pretty small at 8 weeks .
my rabbits are in tractors they are moved and have access to fresh grass daily alongside pellets and garden scraps .
maybe the breed has something to do with it as well they are flemish/rex .
or maybe the taste of rabbit meat is n't for everyone .
everything i 've been doing is pretty experimental i 'm new to this but i already love raising rabbits .
i put a lot of work into my rabbits and i love em to death but i 'm a little disappointed .
it 's time i leave for good this time but i ca n't help but miss him .
i keep wanting to go back because it what 's was normal .
found an ibanez rg321mh with seymour duncan black winter pickups at an online flea market for 320 dollars is it good value ?
i 23m am in a long distance relationship with my boyfriend james 25m .
on august 21st it will be out 1 year anniversary and i 'm over the moon about it .
i have always had a feeling i was bisexual since senior year of high school and have never dated another guy before until i met james .
when i first met him i was honest with him about my lack of experience with dating guys and he was such still is !
he understood and was willing to help me be comfortable however he could .
however i promised james and myself that i would come out to my mother when we reach a year in our relationship .
he told me to take my time but the more i wait i feel as if it will upset my mother for not telling so that 's why i said a year .
i 'm pretty confident my mom will approve of our relationship because she 's a very open minded woman and has always said she wants me to be happy .
the issue is that i 'm very scared and nervous to talk about it but my sister 16f assured me that things will work out .
so reddit how should i start this conversation with my mother ?
tldr i 'm a bisexual man in a relationship with another man .
how do i start off a conversation with my mother about me coming out ?
over the past few years i 've downsized from owning 400 books to now owning about 20 that i hope to go through take pics of and eventually donate by the end of this year .
they 're mostly poetry books which are hard to find at libraries and online because it 's contemporary and some of these are their own niche whatever .
even though i 'm just starting out publishing in literary journals i have about 15 volumes/journals/magazines that have my work published in them and i always get a copy sometimes two upon publication .
since journals have limited print and are n't always digitalized i 'm hesitant to get rid of them .
i am chill pawning them on my mom as a cheat to not really discard them perhaps this counts as donation ?
regardless i know i will keep on receiving these magazines and truthfully get an initial joy from seeing a project that i was a part of completed also the crispness of a freshly printed journal is euphoric .
despite this i see myself going down the extreme minimalism path so i 'm interested to know if anyone else here has had similar possessions that encompass something they created and how they 've gone about keeping/donating/disposing of it .
i 'm posting this here rather than r/minimalism because i would like to continue aspiring towards meeting extreme minimalism 's values and i would love feedback through that lens especially because i 'm only 22 and have roughly 5 years experience with minimalism and a lifetime of consumerism .
of course estimates but what i 'm hearing the most is 1-2 months from now .
some saying 1 month max which seems reasonable as kr got theirs 2 month after launch which is where we 're at rn .
hopefully my shorts will be very powerful and make lots of .
i know my fellow traders on here will be pulling for my success as well so thanks in advance guys .
edit i have closed 2 shorts so far for 30 gains each .
i will continue shorting the icp stock in mid or high 60s down to the low 60s area as i am not sure that it will go lower than that just yet .
i 'm a chubby virgin in college and i just love older women i 'd love to talk to or play with a milf !
love all shapes and sizes no guys hey i 'm a virgin in my second year of college with absolutely 0 experience with woman .
i 'm chubby with body and facial hair with a short but rather thick dick .
i 'm looking for a girl who wants to have fun and send pics and videos .
i have no physical preference please feel free to message me on snap if you wan na play or talk nsfw or not i 'm davedavidson149 on snap no guys older women also open to any other women not just milfs
which structures or buildings would make it to your list of 7 wonders in the world of malazan ?
i need another clip for my s2r baton 2 since work has already taken my 3 spares .
they 're never in stock on the olight website so i was wondering if battery junction is gtg for you guys ?
i feel like jill did n't have anyone close to her age that she super got along with ?
same with jana the ice queen like some people assume she was close with john david but it seems like they were separated pretty early based on gender .
are there any tight sibling groups i 'm missing ?
i wonder if jill 's lack of tight friendships in the siblings close to her in age facilitated her break .
the ones closest to her seem to be joy and jason .
kinda makes sense since as a teenager she was so unquestioningly deeply into the cult .
i 'm hopeful that shes poked a few holes since then though i know that she and derick still hold some fucking terrible beliefs
the game freezes at around the same spot every time i climb the mountain towards moder .
same thing happens to the guys i 'm playing with .
as soon as you get about 3/4 of the way up it freezes .
even worse when we restarted our games all our inventories were no longer there .
so now we have no equipment and we ca n't fight the next boss without the game freezing .
looking for some1 to talk to and be stupid with i listen to all types of music my favorite is chief keef bris g herbo cdot honcho and more i ai n't much of a sports person unless i 'm playing them i like football the most i use to play football in elementary school and my first year of high school .
i 'm aight with basketball but not the best lmao i do n't have any consoles so i do n't play games a lot but i do fw them and i like to 420 i do n't think i can say the actual name cause they 'll take the post down but hmu if you want to be friends i like doing pranks to so we can do whatever i 'm not a judgmental person you can vent to me or whatever i 'm mellow
mainly winter20 and adds but any lower halo and adds
from today the top wallet has 33 what is this are we getting ready for an exchange ?
i 'd be pumped if i had a daughter that could turn wrenches .
once my son is old enough to understand how to work safely i 'll be having him help me with everything .
it 'll be rad regardless but i feel like it does n't have nearly as much ooomph factor as being able to tell people about a daughter doing that work lol
just ask for more they do n't mind to load it up
my fianc works all day and makes sure to make time when he 's done to help me as much as he can
nothing for me this time but love buying from gamefly .
good pricing quick and get all dlc/add ons included if it came in the case .
hope a few newer things pop in next time cuz i have 2 20 vouchers burning a hole .
the cafe is never a bust i love the cafe i can eat there all day .
you and your partner need to have a sit-down discussion about these things .
you both have a new baby are are very overwhelmed .
all staff should be getting weekly tests wether they are vaccinated or not .
i am worried i 've ruined everything and should re-home her .
she did n't sleep with me last night like she usually would .
oh wow he 's a mess that woman looks like she 's telling him off and is that a man in the bushes in pic 3 
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah i guess dancing with naked men was n't enough 
at the end if the day barb is just some lady not really a celebrity .
not to mention with chris gone theres no one near her to give us updates .
she 'll likely be in much better hands than when she lived with chris though .
did 300 and was so high i decided it would be a good idea to ingest another 20mg 2cb and proceeded to trip for 3 days had to go to work eventually so i thought i needed to snort a mixture of amphetamine and ketamin i hat brewed previously whilst still seeing holy geometry and ofc i was blazing the goodshit all along ... the one at work during break made things a bit too fucky in my opinion but i 'm young and do stupid shit for fun
if this post declares something as a fact proof is required .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/interestingasfuck if you have any questions or concerns .
man we 're on r/canada a libertarian circle jerk .
for real though the covid alert app is open source this will probably be too .
lolol this is so funny i 'm still laughing .
i work in rehab so productivity is n't as awful as it was in nursing homes .
i 'm glad you sent somewhere where you 're appreciated more .
yeah lots of history ive been collecting since 92 and i thought most here would enjoy .
sadly much of this community is infected by the collecting '' standards of the i own 17 records i bought at target '' crowd .
very easily triggered individuals who need safe spaces to show off their wal-mart 21st edition records .
all you have to do is make fun of mac miller and donald glover and they go nuts .
you have until 08/12 08:23 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20210813t002359 .
it 's 2nd and 11 on the southeast missouri 24 .
u/dekam34 reply with run or pass and your number .
play list https www.reddit.com/r/fakecollegefootball/wiki/refbot datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' p26zax ''
this submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ? ''
reddit does not allow post titles to be edited so if you would like you can post the question again .
please write your title in proper question format and include a question mark thank you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
would it be that much more expensive to upgrade everything ?
hahaha omg what a funny comment on my satire shitpost
i agree that there 's plenty of people in portugal who defend stupid shit but i disagree that in brasil there is a generalised view that has shame for past atrocities .
your own president is an apologist for the military dictatorship and has radicalised a lot of society .
this is n't me saying there are n't apologists in portugal but rather that you are not applying the same criteria to people in brasil .
i do n't obsess i just show high respect and generosity .
it leads to the page being filled nothing but pictures of random bikes .
i was hoping for some resources where personalities review products .
not just popping to the store but someone who talks about the lotions and soaps they really like but for men .
they are for gifts that 's why i thought i 'd ask men !
they are also much more competent and can actually do more then struggle with padawans .
instead they struggle with novice jedi '' like katarn .
well george bush cheated or had people cheat for him on the election too ... .
if it came out a year or 2 later it may have been more popular .
still surprised a show like that got made in 2014 .
a coach of mine had a full ride to umich .
his freshman year they were playing against minnesota closest to his family so his parents were there to watch .
post-game dad goes and asks the coach why his kid did not get as much playing time .
coach is up front junior is a freshman and has more years to play .
the seniors do n't have any more time so they will get priority .
dad tells his kid to pack his stuff he 's coming home .
his younger brother who was less talented went on to a pretty decent pro career enough for a pension .
free college and a possible nhl career lost because of dad 's ego trip .
i put my neck out once straightening my hair .
i 'm screaming kathy randomly bringing up the i do n't see color '' comment after 9,342 episodes
interesting i feel like that after shroomies and san pedro too 
yeah this last update officially makes me believe this is all just a fake ass story .
you know how bad cheating was yet somehow could n't stop it from happening 2 more times .
you 're obviously a middle aged incel who just wanted to write your fantasy if you ever get married .
over here committing this to memory because my parents do this all the time !
i 'm just telling you that the issue you have against submarines in co-op is entirely in your head because in reality ...
you can literally play as if they do n't exist and it 's identical to previous co-ops .
i mean when people in the south think that potatoes are a healthy veggie and friend steak and potatoes is a well rounded meal there 's no coming back from that
my online lang class last year was chill also with not much reading but my school makes lots of ap classes easier than they should be .
but people are people ... sounds like a conspiracy to me .
not sure why you got down voted but yep you are 100 correct .
if someone gets plenty of reports they get temp banned if found after investigation to be legit hacking then they get permanently banned .
have been temp banned twice and am not a good player overall just after 5000hr but have sober moments of owning .
i have a truck and a bass boat and i 'm the opposite of these idiots .
i do n't think arrieta is coming back after this season
i think you took queen 's song i want it all '' a bit literal .
since nat 1 critical fail '' is already hombrew widespread homebrew but still homebrew your alterations are homebrew too .
a month has passed and the tree has thickened slightly is this still an option
i also seen blue exorcist which has the hiding what you are part which i liked .
for those who do n't want to read it 's a bit of click bait and not an inherently anti-vax story .
red cross volunteer nurse in berlin admitted to accidentally dropping a vial and filling 6 syringes with saline to cover it up .
then it 's noted in a police investigation that many more people could be affected .
upwards of 8500 based on those who received shots during a date range at the facility .
i ca n't tell if they just did n't know who might have received a few fake doses and this is just an abundance of caution or if a larger problem was at play .
no word on if it 's the same nurse other reasons or what made them suspect this .
the phrasing in the article is ... poor but i ca n't see anything saying the nurse intentionally gave thousands of fake shots .
i 'm not sure managing her rotations '' is a big deal at all when the bulk of the damage from her best teams unironically comes from the off-field supports like xingqiu and beidou .
you 'd run into similar issues running the same support core with literally anyone else .
of all the slightly sexual or risqu photos out there how many have captions announcing they 're about to do drugs ?
they were having fun with the photo bad choice with the drugs and trashy choice to caption about the drugs .
glad i 'm not the only one who thought wtf .
lol you seriously believe he can take a whole school of wr students down how would he even start that he just states a fact that he has a 0 percent chance of doing that you guys overestimate him way too much he 's still only one person he is n't a god .
maybe a 3rd tier girya limit break would be easier seeing as your defensive abilities would be super limited and all the act 3 bosses have attacks that hit multiple times would deal a ton with their strength scaling
ps-that small fan is not blowing air in but pushing air out attempt at negative pressure
that honestly makes me so relieved and happy to hear because i literally feel the same way that you did ! !
like honestly i literally took a video of myself practising my acting but the camera only pointed from my nose and up and it felt more normal like the bottom half of my face was the only problem and the way i do n't even realize that my front teeth are in full display while talking .
that 's a big reason why i want jaw surgery it almost feels like my acting is less authentic even with my teeth obstructing the view of my facial expressions .
he blocked me as a prank '' but the dipsh t did n't know how to take it off or that he ca n't see my profile anymore he thought i just could n't texts him and that he would disappear for me not the other way around .
so when he wanted to remove it he could n't find my profile and thought i blocked him in return .
a month or so went by and i sent a meme to a group i forgot he was in or i would have asked him whats up with blocking me there .
he called me a f cking traitor and removed everyone else and me .
later through a mutual friend i found out he had no idea how to remove a block from someone and blocked me as a joke and thought i blocked him and never took it off .
also said if i was a true friend i would have visited to talk it through .
who the f ck does he think he is ?
why would i visit if i ai n't the one who messed up and is acting full r tard rn .
not like i knew his exact address anyway so he really expected i would go figure it out and pay a visit over 50km away ti what ?
even if i did n't know it was a misunderdtanding i would't visit to see why he blocked me if you wan na go then go i ai n't gon na run after anyone to keep them in my life if they feel like leaving
if you mean completely made up and ridiculous then yes .
it 's an italian bitter citrus drink that is divine it 's the nectar of gods .
it 's not really about the quantity more that i just do n't really have any use for these guns and the gauss alone is n't really doing it for me
if they would be okay they would n't change the suppliers without nobody pressuring them to do so although yes i would prefer if they did it sooner than three years .
with the right usb-c dock you can do it .
well done i do n't know very much about redstone in bedrock edition it 's making my brain hurt lol
i thought the house was saying give me the sugar cane i 'm hungry
look like you need to relax in some bath salts year has n't been great for me also
and they 'll probably say that you do n't think children deserve any rights and that you enjoy hurting babies or some shit .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
this has to be one of my favorite reddit comments ever .
outside of self defense protecting another from imminent harm or in the context of war or something is there any legal basis for murder cause he deserved it ? ''
what 's the cutoff for deserved it enough/not enough ?
jesus i 'm not given to hyperbole but that is insane and not something i 'm willing to debate '' with you .
well what specific sentiment do different regions of the country share ?
you can act as though you are aligned with the people based off of general ideological preaching but as time has proven the taliban are not interested in this .
they share the loathing of militias and corruption and lack of security
let alone finding political traction in a way that would challenge the government in context of ideology which would result in more bipartisan sentiment amongst the people if it came to fruition .
you need proper institutions for that and the afghan government ca n't do that so the country will revert to religious totalitarianism .
if you think there is any alignment between different regions of afghanistan and the taliban which operate in those areas i think you 're mistaken .
i also do n't think you understand how economic growth occurs during instability/civil unrest .
the government has opportunity to mitigate loss economically which results in either good or bad outcome for the citizens during civil unrest periods .
how what economic growth the afghan government could n't raise enough to support itself and has relied throughout its existence on international aid
the government of afghanistan has allies foreign and abroad .
while the taliban may as well they have no economic power unlike the government who can literally fund the country how they please due to their foreign relations .
not saying that it currently is the case but it certainly de-levels the playing field in favor of the afghanistan government .
you 're not getting it the fact the afghan government has to rely on outside help in perpetuity is an inheirent weakness which is exploited by various milita groups to maintain their support it also does nothing to remove corruption or strengthen accountability of government institutions which has been a central complaint of afghans ever since this government was created .
riot will probably put us in the same group again i hope we have good games this time
i 'd love for you to sit on my big cock
miners dont earn as much mining eth now do they ?
so i assume eth isnt mined as much anymore ?
or did they make it easier to compensate for that ?
no man i use it after killing someone to tell them gg or u played well
also my dog flipped out when my brother sent me a cardboard cut out of joe kenda homicide hunter as a joke .
eula has the back loaded damage and aoe issue too .
arguably more caveat than ayaka for much less damage .
back loaded sure but again she literally has a way larger aoe than ayaka
if needing enemies to be frozen is considered a caveat might as well say all reaction comps are caveats and knock them off their tiers .
if something is needed '' to perform optimally it 's called being inflexible
might as well say ganyu is bad now because her best teams need 3 5 stars in the team .
ah yes ganyu ca n't be other than any other optimal team comps other than morgana right ?
might as well say that only the best should be considered 2nd position or 3rd position is irrelevant right ?
and ayaka is n't restricted to perma freeze although her best teams are permafreze .
she is tho none of the teams other than permafreeze is optimal its just used by whales against immovable opponents to flex
considering all this they both are better off in a similar tier
that 's the thing about the human mind unless you 've taken a substance you ca n't be sure if what you are seeing is reality or not .
if you know anything about neurocience you will know that your brain pares down the length and breadth of sensory information available and creates heuristics .
when unexplained things happen this process gets very confused and the results are often bizarre .
if women are going to be equal to men in the workforce then women are going to need to lower their standards .
women statistically are more capable of being alone whereas men tend to be more depressed without a partner .
i literally only talk positively about the anime in the video .
gullab brain sees the opponent as a gullab jamun and bite attack increases and attack precision increases
i agree the solution to politicians having influence on media is for more politicians to have influence on media .
that would be amazing i was just thinking the other day that there are n't enough politicians influencing media
i feel yah pain but no need to fret .
if you still want to use coconut which i highly recommend i use it every watering from day 1 and notice a huge difference but i use https buildasoil.com/products/coconut-water-powder-raw-freeze-dried-organic ? pos=1 psq=coconut ss=e v=1.0
i have the 1/lbs bag the smallest for 23 and this stuff will last me years !
while you 're on that site i also highly suggest snagging some 200x aloe flakes
i thought i was reading the onion for a second .
despite only one of those three allowing a national second wave to seed
straight up perfection this is all just mwah  chef 's kiss
i love how your shirt compliments the jewelry colors those super cute glasses and you know i got ta throw in some extra love for a fellow ginger !
also i ca n't even put into words how absolutely adorable that tattoo is !
the health department then contact you and tell you to get tested and isolate .
you do and hey turns out you 're positive .
you 're lucky and you do n't get too sick .
just feel like death for two weeks and do n't actually die .
now imagine that you did n't get the call from the health department because you did n't check in .
before you started feeling sick you went to work and infect 7 other people who in turn infect 32 other people and so on .
the app literally stops the disease from spreading stops people ending up in icu and saves lives .
could u pls upvote this comment and some of my other posts 
say hello and add a friendly comment to another user 's post on the sub while you wait for someone to comment on your post !
when someone contacts you review their profile before responding .
help us make this a better community by becoming familiar with the rules .
click the report '' link on any posts or comments that break the sub 's rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd say the main issue is the missing dynamic limiter .
raising a centers volume helps but there is no substitute for having your avr limit the overall dynamic of an audio line when a child is asleep .
faster and rewards the survivor with a health state while giving a risk of giving the plague her corrupt purge .
this one is still just mending simulator but with knives which is really silly .
yeah sure you 're plucking out knives but you are still standing there for 15 seconds doing nothing .
plagues cleanse is like 5 seconds and gives the killer something as well .
if it was like maybe removing the knives takes a short time but allows the trickster to use his ult when enough knives are removed granting him special knives that have some special effect at least that would be cool but still exactly like plague .
yooo i remember almost thinking barbie was hot as a youngun.. the real thing is way better
thats not even funny i feel so bad for her
i basically left mine boxed for a year then started playing when black ops came out .
i have a 3a as well and i like its fit .
generally i like to keep my phones between 2-3 years however i 'm concerned that the 5a will be the standard size for a while and am inclined to swoop a 4a or even a 4a 5g since it 'll seem more of a performance upgrade without being drastically bigger than the 3a .
i will miss the 3a bezels because i like the over-the-top hand security but at least we have the finger print reader and audio jack .
how long are you planning to keep your 3a ?
throw in some martin birch and now your talking .
not just in the vaccines but in the pcr test they did .
implantable multi-analyte sensors for the continuous monitoring of body chemistries
a microfluidic platform enabling real-time control of dynamic biochemical stimuli to biological cells
hydrogels the next generation body materials for microfluidic chips ?
the integration of microfluidics with biomedical research is confronted with considerable limitations due to its body materials .
with high content of water hydrogels own superior biocompatibility and degradability .
she said she did n't want a serious relationship with you .
shit sucks man but you 'll be all right .
i think the problem is you 're making this girl a priority in your life .
some of these college chicks just wan na have fun and trust me they have options .
i did n't read your whole post but wanted to say that you 're definitely not letting the world down when you 're burnt out and need to take a break .
you do n't owe the world anything but even so ... when you take a break and recharge then the world will get a much happier healthier version of you and those good vibes will ripple out into the world .
so imho if you did owe the world anything it would be that .
i swear if i see another cosplay with the red bunny suit and excessive cleavage i 'm going to scream
but i 'm sure you 'll continue to live in denial because you ca n't accept the fact that your idol is a nazi sympathizer .
either heavy arms custom or the thunderbolt from gundam thunderbolt
they are actually wrong the answer is ditto can be anything you want even another human as seen in the pokmon anime
lots of little moments for me but most memorable is seeing rocky horror and loving rocky
i ran around and ambushed camps and worked on stealth .
got ta be the best body i 've seen on reddit 
i think what you are asking it fairly complex .
most people i see doing this pass a specific dedicated nvidia card to the osx vm ie it is not used at all by the host machine because osx only has certain drivers etc .
not to mention easier to connect to the mainland cable in the continent through malaya .
we had to put ours through a sea and fault lines .
when i was getting my act together financially i was reading the news every day .
i thought i had finger on the pulse of the market .
the only investment i had was my 401k so i would move it to the stable value fund when i thought the market was too high .
then i was convinced it was overvalued and sat on the sidelines .
i sat in cash and watched the market climb to at least 17k certain it would crash any day .
eventually i realized i do n't know what the market will do more than anyone else especially big players close to the action .
study after study shows people who trade more perform worse .
i have only played with keyboard and never had issues with input lag .
the only issue i 've had is when i press s+d/a+c then my computer beeps and the input can be dropped entirely .
it is n't a hk issue though as it happens at any time on my computer .
shorten and rejoin a chain is the other big one .
as long as you have those two you can limp home on a single speed .
or the issue is so bad the worlds best mechanic couldnt fix it in the field .
if you had 10k to bet on chia why bet on the possibility that chia netspace wo n't run away again vs the certainty that you can lock in 35.8xch in your pocket today ?
if netspace blows up your 10k investment loses value as you will earn less xch .
if xch price blows up you wo n't have very many xch farmed to benefit from the price mooning .
it takes time effort hardware and electricity to plot the drives .
holding xch costs absolutely zero and you can get your full investment today .
i had small spaces for my mouse back in the day and i had to use high sense .
if i am not i could n't flick even if i wanted to .
this is what i used to and even now i am using my wrist small space even if i had a larger to use and high sense .
i used woxic cfg back in the day and i tweaked a little bit and i found my god sense in csgo .
either you try and find god sense or you find a player like you and get their sense with adjustments for you .
also is n't it much more karen to force an entire group of people to comply with a mandate ?
when the opposition just wants to be left alone to raise their families how they see fit ?
you need to sacrifice all your plans and time for people who may not even know you .
they 've been using them as ieds for a long time ...
so i 'm guessing an explosion with a lot of shrapnel .
i feel kruppe would probably talk his way out of attending .
ublala pung might very well get lost on the way to the arena or you know get sidetracked .
i do n't believe nefarious bredd shows up at all seeing as he probably does n't exist anyhow .
oh yes many have tried and almost all have failed ! ''
this implies at least one has succeeded and if there 's a mule to do it it 's this one .
your topic has been removed because it does not meet our minimum post length requirement .
please review our sidebar and resubmit your post adding more details to your topic .
be sure to address some of the points you 've brought up and get the conversation going .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/letstalkmusic if you have any questions or concerns .
if you want to help out our wonderful team please apply at https apply.rpan.co.uk
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redditsessions if you have any questions or concerns .
it took me years to complete that fucking game .
the only important thing is that your chapters end at natural points .
if you want to impose a maximum word count you can but there 's no such thing as a hard limit .
imo it 's way more important to never pad your chapters out to make them longer .
the computer flagged this as a frequently asked question .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askmen if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not trying to convert people to my ways .
makes a huge difference playing with other counters as it makes you really stand out more everyone increasing/decreasing at the same time .
i never play at a table if i spot another counter and i would expect others to extend me the same curtesy .
kick the psychs cannabis until you reset your mental state and spend time with people you love .
also occasional small doses of ketamine may help it definitely helped me .
and meditation of course just let your thoughts float and reinforce the fact that your fears and anxiety are not your reality
estimated at 4.6m and is 3,920 sq ft. would likely go for 5m with the house 's history .
my sister told my mum she watched it and how great it was .
i told my mum is watched it and was kind of disheartened my sister loved it as it was saying 'dont look ! '
when we have always judged other religions for this and told her briefly about the abuse charges etc .
shes really good my mama she was sort of not wanting to make any claims of innocence or guilt because she really doesnt know .
but wants to ask the elders the policy in place now .
my final sentence on the subject was ... 'seems the watchtower is just doing its best to hide its guilt .
we 've always judged the catholic church but you know what at least they now acknowledge they have a problem and they 've said sorry . '
but i 'm scared she will wake up because the process is so devastating and painful .
my first it job doing widows migration at a fortune 500 law firm .
i was about 3 months in and i walked in one day and just quit on the spot .
there 's a drink in switzerland called rivella i have only ever seen there its delicious and very distinct .
taste of the alps they have 2 a 2q1q2 11 11 aw 1aa1aaaz111 1aaqaa aq1aq
being added to the msci fund seems to be legit
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
imagine sb and tiff on the block at the same time .
proponents of classical liberalism have been all over the spectrum
the logo is unique thats what 'll separate it from others it fits the name of the logo well only problem i have is that i do n't really like the blue and red color scheme its not appealing to my own eyes but thats my opinion .
and with his opinion i would like to submit for blue fire .
i would n't be able to do that if a mirror was in front of me
noelle has a passive that automatically creates a shield if you fall below a certain health threshold so that may be a possible culprit .
of course you could have just picked up a shard and not realized it .
i do n't think yoimiya should trigger it but i ca n't say for sure .
when i did it i had failed trying to do it melee i just used fischl and healing and that worked fine although it took awhile .
mostly i stayed very far away and used aim-shot so as not to risk getting near a shard at all .
dropped oz as he followed me and just ran in circles .
the worst song off this album is am i going insane. all the rest are great .
maybe we need some kind of scientology martin luther p
this is the first time my art has been stolen to my knowledge can anyone help me out with this ?
edit holy crap this was fast sg is helping me try to get it taken down !
posted a message in the community discord these are the most caring devs ever i swear to zeus 3
sadly i went in highschool with a band i toured with and our director was so scared of us getting food poisoning when we traveled so we kept it very ... fast food chain ...
but we did go for one huge sit down meal and it was fantastic .
it was all small portions of traditional food and i liked the bbq eel a lot .
if they do n't want to tell you something that 's where the story ends and going out of your way to find that something is a direct invasion of privacy .
i have never needed to boop a snoop and sneak a snug more than i do when looking at this picture .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/twentyplus if you have any questions or concerns .
he 's probably talking about the omega squad universe where after losing all his scouts teemo becomes a cold-blooded murderer .
ngl i thought this would 've been hard but than i remembered most of favorite characters are n't even in dceu yet lol
i have n't noticed any major differences that were n't covid-related .
the format is bizarre now and i do n't care for it but it 's at least worlds better than the socially distant version of let 's make a deal .
the last monarchy of mongolia worked really well i heard people actually liked it under that queens rule .
my advice would be not to get mad at him for not buying you shit in the future due to the mind games you 've been playing with him about these tickets .
let it go and try to appreciate him caring enough about you to try in the future .
if you hold right click you can move your colonists ' portaits .
i have about a thousand hours more than you and my last colony end due to starvation .
common sense does n't seem to be a common virtue around here .
school it went horrible and very well at the same time .
the school provided great resources soft ware for my computer to help special permissions to record lectures even if my profs did n't want it .
the dean gave the profs an email to make it known the classes needed to be a scent free zone .
most of the kids were 18year old girls who used a lot of scented lotions in class and i could n't go to class without having anaphylaxis reactions .
the profs said they refused to make the room scent free and in the end i had to drop out because they just refused .
i have not found any worth while employer who is understanding .
i really hope you have a better experience than i have .
my father was once an idol for me but now i look at him with anger and disgust .
none but maybe something like long sleeve with a skirt and leggings ...
you really do n't want to be getting involved with him .
i got told i 'm gon na go cry in the corner now lol
ah my bad i thought this was from the street fashion vids that are everywhere using the elongation software .
i did n't know they were being sued i game a lot but do n't really pay attention to gaming news .
my family been giving shitty life tips 40yrs ... dad ?
most suspect it 's all gone and has left ft. knox .
or like silver the strategic stock pile in gold has also been sold out ?
random pic but that 's how i would do my axis compare to your pattern to see if you have your axis too far from your last
with rawlins being a top level cia agent aside you could knock prime mike tyson out with a lucky enough punch if he was n't expecting it .
tonsils wisdom teeth vsg bariatric surgery gallbladder then i was hit by a truck and had my pelvis screwed back together a plate installed in my femur rod in my tibia and a total of 30 screws .
9 months later because of the extensive damage my acl went but because of the metal in my leg i had to have arthroscopic surgery to diagnose it .
then because i had all the metal in my leg and delayed healing of my femur i had to have the metal taken out of my leg a rod insured into my femur and a bone graft .
then i had to have that rod removed and finally my acl done .
i think my orthopedic surgeons wife was beginning to think something was going on loll
where should i start if i were you at the beginning of your journey ?
wrong i never been with anyone young than me that includes dating
do they get proportional time in each homeland '' ?
institutional power is always going to be on the side of feminism .
as men we have to fight guerilla style like jane fonda and the vietcong .
the best is a 3 way tie between takumi julia and sanaki in my opinion .
they 're all so intricate and animated plus the colour palate accentuates their design .
there are a couple of others that come close like sonia and lilina and then there are others still that i can recognise as technically impressive but do n't really provoke any response from me such as eldigan or raven .
outside of that the resplendents are pretty much just middling .
lucina 's is n't great and i 'm not a fan of tiki 's eyes or azura 's smile but those are n't criticisms i think about unless i look for them .
i still probably would n't ever spend money on most of them though even if i won the lottery .
i grew up in the city and went to a highschool that historically produces a lot of sfpd officers .
i had this conversation fairly recently and it really comes down to a couple things in his opinion .
they ca n't really do their job in the first place .
sfpd is heavily restricted and micromanaged from the very top .
more specifically processing narcotics crimes and theft color me shocked .
imagine being a substitute teacher and all the misbehaved kids know you cant do anything ''
generally the attitude towards police officers is predictably poor especially in the bay area and sf .
racial diversity it 's really hard to get a job as a white guy in sfpd sffd etc .
this may be more sffd than pd as someone pointed out .
your league mates seems to be new or dumb to let derrick carr fall to 18th round and burrow to late 4th .
i like herbert a lot but i would have taken murray or josh allen at 1.3
we 've put out a sign in the past that said donations accepted through our mail slot and that worked !
that being said this should be part on the convo llllooonnggg before a ring is ever purchased .
if they say they are worried it will cause covid to mutate i would ask them to name any examples of mutated polio or mumps since those have been around for decades it should have happened by now .
i would also ask them if they get a flu shot or get a tetanus shot bet they have .
ask them what side-effects did they suffer from those .
blacks and latinas are the way to go if you want to date out !
why do you think i would recommend anyone to you ?
i do n't know who you are or if you can be trusted .
asking if i have a sister is not a compliment and is in fact quite creepy .
i 'm not answering your questions because quite frankly i dont think i owe you any answers .
essentially meaning if you 're the soviet union it 's just harder mind
i know this may sound crazy but if we listen to this video and share it with everyone we know kanye will drop donda .
please just listen to this and see that it works thank you .
typically hardcore games do n't really last when they force super heavy teamwork .
i am interested in playing the game but my wife has really bad social anxiety .
so through her i have seen games like this either fall or change to be more solo/two player co-op friendly over time .
or are they still wanting this to be an elite 4 player game ?
ok so i 've read little women and seen greta gerwig 's adaptation of it and i love them both so much !
the only thing is i ca n't see myself as any of the sisters .
everyone always says every girl relates to one of them but i do n't really .
the one i relate the most to is meg but still she 's not that much like me .
if anyone else feels this way lmk or maybe this is just a weird me thing anyways i thought i would say this because i 'm genuinely curious if anyone else feels this way .
long time lurker and commenter first time poster also on phone so i apologise if formatting is weird .
i 29/f am currently in a long-term ldr with my partner 27/m .
we have been dating for 4 years now and have started discussing closing the distance .
with the current situation in australia we ca n't visit each other to get more of an experience with each other 's countries .
i have visited him in the us multiple times but he has n't had the opportunity to come here .
we are looking to close the distance in one and a half years because that would give me time to get experience in my field of work and also plenty of time to make a decision ... .
my partner has been actively involved in discussions but my problem being an over planner both in my personal and work life is that aside from the obvious things such as visas jobs healthcare family etc .
i 'm not sure what else we need to think about or look into especially if i were to move to america my preference atm since he has n't been to australia and i feel it would be unfair to drag him to a country he knows nothing about .
it 's hard to have discussion when we do n't know what we should discuss and it 's leaving me a bit overwhelmed .
i 'm hoping that you guys might be able to help me and give me some other perspectives or advice especially if you have experience in moving overseas .
we just got a photo of that dude ronny j sending beats to ye a few hours ago .
so why would the album be done and sent to services if ronny is still sending in beats ?
for all modes max merge rank should be able to merge with any other max merge pawn for a new random max merge ranked pawn .
i need one person for the cayo heist setups i ca n't do the setups so i 'll pay 80 of the heist finale for anyone that can do all of the setups .
i sold a 444/445 spy call spread that 's obviously not doing too well at the moment .
i 'd like to roll it out a week or so but every time i try tos mobile and desktop both tell me i ca n't because i do n't have the buying power .
obviously it sets aside the collateral for the trade i can see the difference in my cash/sweep vehicle vs available funds for trading balances .
it 's true that i have 100 to cover it but not 200 ... is it somehow counting the collateral twice as part of the roll ?
why else would it tell me i do n't have the buying power if i 'm rolling for a credit and staying with a 1 spread ?
i have a copy of dragon quest v hand of the heavenly bride for the nintendo ds complete with box instruction booklet and the health and safety precautions booklet .
hate to get rid of it because it 's my favorite game but my finances are no good right now .
went up to the sun valley for the tour de force weekend and saw a lot nice porsche cars as well as others .
this gulf blue 911 gt2rs was the fastest porsche hitting 222 mph .
if you would like to see more i 'll post the rest of the picture albums and videos .
i 'm 24 and into showing face looking for same .
i am not vocal since people are always around .
i am also chubby just in case you are not into that .
i just rejoined the same slow-mo match 3 times with no improvement so i abandoned the match and got a 10 minute penalty .
waiting for a respawn timeout under those conditions would have been way longer than the 10 minute penalty .
it 's bullshit to be punished for bad server issues .
and i came to the conclusion that you are a pretty cool person
i 'm currently 14 years old and i 've never had a girlfriend and i really want one .
i just want some tips on how to get one .
also to all girls is there something that only some boys do/have that makes you want to be with them ?
with the permission from bobjoerock i will be the 2ic for the dprk .
in this role i will help with economic reforms military affairs and blops .
anyone know what happened to alfred on carlton corner ?
it 's looked shut up the last few weeks when i 've driven past and they 've been quieton socialmedia but google says open as usual .
all over the place online i read all about how bad the paramount app is or peacock or hbo max .
i dont have any problems with any of them .
they all function pretty similarly and they all work .
but espn especially for espn is a train wreck for subscribers .
i generally try to use some kind of aggregator to keep track of unwatched episodes of shows something like watchaid reelgood justwatch etc .
they all work with disney so this does n't make any sense to me .
not sure this is espn 's fault because none of them work with espn ... but its an annoyance .
because i ca n't do that i should have something in the app that keeps track of my shows .
either letting me follow '' a show ... or continue watching '' .. etc .
i watched episode 1 of peyton 's places yesterday .
most apps would give me an option to continue watching '' .
instead i have to remember shows that i like and manually search for them every time .
i realize that most of the appeal of espn/espn is live sports but they do have a lot of shows that would be nice to follow .
i am using a modpack with 172 mods and for some reason i freeze every 7 seconds this even happens on the title screen and in-game singleplayer .
it 's not due to ram i believe because i allocated about 5-6 gbs of ram to minecraft and it does n't go to 100 in the top right of f3 .
i am also using the curseforge launcher if that has anything to do with it .
for those expert and long time players ... do you upgrade a castle before you a
or do you build the next castle and then come back and upgrade later ?
i am at level 23 but still working on upgrading castle boots .
i have n't started on the next castle castle bunyan but have already started getting pieces to build the character sinbad .
so am far ahead with characters but way behind with castles .
i think srw v is the best written of vxt though yea each one has their own qualities !
also srw v did stories like cross ange 's more indepth and better than srw x 's version though jill is treated better in srw x
so yea now its tough i was thinking of tiering srw v higher than x and t however x and t have their own qualities that make them stand out .
i would argue v has the better beginning though would compete with srw t for the middle and compete with both x and t for the road towards the climax .
srw v 's final boss is jaw dropping amazing and without spoilers is even more of a surprise than srw t 's .
plus more interesting design than srw x 's however arguably srw x has the most powerful final boss in the lore i mean gurren lagann is involved after all so the antagonist has to be a big enough threat in the power scale and srw t 's final boss has the greatest personality of the three .
it is interesting how the devs make effort to make each one feel as unique as they can .
srw v especially feels different if you stick with the yamato and srw x has wataru and company and srw t has gun sword among others .
i think maito is not in srw 30 which could be a breather cause some are kinda over all the preaching of justice to joe the ace and others over again .
yea and each of vxt have their own special exclusives like v has gundam seed x has gundam wing t has gun sword among others just as tiny examples .
there each also have more exclusives than those though yea protagonists wise would say chisato everyone else among vxt .
though yea maybe srw 30 wo n't have a sidekick/copilot/helpers cause i prefer how srws like srw f and srw alpha let male and female protagonists pilot their own mech solo whether its real robot or super robot .
so yea its hard to recommend one over the other .
they have stories and camraderie and battlefields not found in jrpgs .
and they have really accessible gameplay without needing hours of grinding like srpgs like disgaea require .
on easiest setting it is soothing but there can be some nail biting battles .
lost more units in srw v than in x and t though that 's usually due to carelessness underestimating enemy accuracy and attack power .
i completed x t and v in that sequence .
i think if i played v first i would have been still impressed by x an t. though yea would say x has the best ultimates for the oc mech while v 's final boss has the best ultimate attack for a final boss and t 's final boss has the greatest entrance of the three .
would say v seems to have the most backstabbings/twists .
x feels like it sprinkles the antagonists much better across the campaign maybe and t is overall well rounded and the original seven made it even better .
i did the april fools challenge and it fucking sucked i only won because i kept getting golden hearts and then getting health and more gold hearts out of those coins
but then i got a busted build and beat bloats ass
a sada de lionel messi de barcelona deixou o presidente da venezuela em lgrimas .
agora a liga que ele est deixando para trs est com problemas mas por razes muito maiores do que qualquer jogador .
as regras de fair play financeiro da la liga impossibilitaram o barcelona de registrar o acordo de messi .
quando messi voou para paris na tera-feira ele se sentiu decepcionado e trado pelo barcelona .
ele se dedica a esta camisola de futebol https www.futebol8star.com h muito tempo .
em poucos dias uma cidade construda com base nas artes culinrias e culturais deu as boas-vindas ao artista mais talentoso do futebol .
o astro do futebol argentino foi visto usando um lindo yacht-master em ouro rosa quando chegou a paris para assinar com o psg na tarde de tera-feira .
a chegada de messi d ao psg opes de ataque formidveis j que ele se une no apenas a neymar seu ex-companheiro de equipe no barcelona mas tambm ao vencedor da copa do mundo da frana kylian mbappe .
os fs de camisola psg https www.futebol8star.com/clubes/paris_saint_germain_psg esto muito felizes com a sua vinda e acreditam que a sua adeso ir dar-lhes um impulso .
messi carregando sua nova camisola psg trocou as emoes pesadas por um leve sorriso .
ainda quero jogar e ainda quero vencer disse ele em entrevista coletiva na quarta-feira sentado ao lado do presidente do p.s.g. nasser al-khelaifi .
messi disse que est pronto '' para comear a jogar pelo psg que recebe o estrasburgo na noite de sbado .
com o barcelona a apoi-lo messi promete dar o meu melhor '' com o paris saint-germain .
i 'm about to transfer some monero and the 2 wallets i 've been told to send to have different length addresses .
say what you will about the game i personally enjoyed it very much bombs were fun !
but the trailer.. man that trailer was beyond hype and so so beautiful .
from the cinematography to the epic non stop action .
truly a trailer to stand above all ac trailers .
been interested in going to fire school but i 'm having doubts on whether it would be a good idea or not in that regard .
due to moving and other circumstances i wo n't be able to do ff2 right after ff1 .
i have heard different things from different people but i wanted to hear from y'all .
i 'm already registered to start next month but i still have time to drop out without any issues .
your goal for this cc is to create a 1x1 structure and decorate it as best you can .
the best block sent via level id or by other means wins absolutely nothing as this is all for fun !
the rules are simple simply make a 1x1 structure and decorate it the best you can .
no stealing/copying from anyone no collaborating with anyone it 's one block so why would you .
i 've noticed a bit of discussion both in this subreddit and in other media around southerners moving to redcliffe and certain people complaining about 'ferals ' and 'bogans ' being situated within their neighbourhood .
as someone who was bred on the peninsula and have lived there for over 20 years recently moved to enjoy a shorter commute to the city i 've been quite frustrated watching people come on to this subreddit and other platforms welcoming gentrification of the area .
i just want to remind everyone that places like deception bay and redcliffe excluding newport have historically been working-class first homeowner centric places where families could afford to own a home or live in affordable housing in the face of dwindling supply within brisbane itself .
it 's never been perfect but the thought of these new residents that have pushed prices up coming into the place and then complaining about bogans '' is almost akin to someone moving into the valley and complaining about the noise from the clubs .
more broadly there 's been some research into the sea-change '' gentrification of these historically affordable areas now being 'rehabilitated ' and as a result outpricing locals .
some of the evidence has found the scale of this form of coastal suburban gentrification is similar to what has occurred in the inner city gentrification e.g .
west end previously which is concerning for myself as i worry if my friends and family will ever be able to afford a house in the areas we grew up in .
watching the median house price rise on the peninsula by 25 over the past 12 months has only solidified that .
i 'm probably being a bit ranty and rambly but i just wanted to get this off my chest .
for those moving into these types of places before you complain about the unsavouries '' just remind yourself what the purpose and demographic of your suburb has historically been .
if you differ from that the cultural fabric of your area is being changed by you not the other way around .
if you like these posts and want to get the latest daily/weekly breakdowns do n't be shy to drop me a follow .
bitcoin price trades below 45,000 and analysts say the almost uninterrupted run-up of the last two weeks meant btc was overdue for a slight correction .
argentina open to adopting bitcoin says president alberto fernandez .
iran 's tax authority wants to legalize crypto exchanges .
american cinema giant amc plans to accept bitcoin for movie tickets .
mexican billionaire ricardo salinas pliego endorsed the use of bitcoin and said his bank is on the way to accepting the cryptocurrency .
poly network hacker returns almost all of 611m loot .
venmo credit card holders can now buy crypto with cashback .
behavior analytics platform santiment reveals that addresses with 100 to 10,000 btc have significantly reduced their holdings .
in the last four days alone these whales sold over 40,000 btc worth roughly 2.07 billion .
an attacker stole 7 million after discovering a smart contract vulnerability .
kevin o'leary bitcoin etf wo n't be approved until at least 2023 .
congressman says resolution could have significant '' ramifications for crypto market .
with bitcoin above 40k there 's a new air of optimism around .
above i 've provided stories of optimism and pessimism both sides of the coin .
i need more friends so i can level this one up and i need gifts !
brace comes with extra pin for your mck 40 shipped retails for 50 on their site this one has seen 0 rounds
streamlight protac pressure switch 30 shipped has been painted grey comes with 2 remote retainers everything that usually comes with the light minus the sticky strip thing
arisaka scout inline mount m-lok still in package 35 shipped
feel free to offer any dibs beats pm offers will discount for bundled purchases if my prices are off let me know will most likely see messages in the morning
why am i browsing reddit and reading the lists of
they are many non americans already on a small sub of 6000 angry left wingers frothing at the mouth advocating for freedom of speech so they 'll never understand what it 's like to have it as their countries fall .
r/nonewnormal has it 's problems obviously with their anecdotal evidence and stuff but mostly it 's a welcoming place of individuals who are not advocating for violence or anything malicious in any way ? .
my question above is why to left wingers who are reading this mainly american is ... how can you reasonably trust these individuals who do n't give a damn about you instead of your fellow americans who just want open discourse .
i think they are being used as an example and it 's only going to get worse ...
why are self proclaimed left wingers frothing at the mouth for censorship ?
i think what 's beneficial is everybody stands in solidarity against sensorship and it starts boycotting companies that goes for censorship this is out of hand and ridiculous and we can all start small
i 'm ancient just inventor industrial do i do believe in my life ones defending themselves my life ones have a right to defend themselves
i do not believe in oppression oppression and forcing is a failure of the leader
as i say if you are efficient and effective you will never need to force there 's always another way most of the time
the only time that i 've ever found that there was not another way he was when someone was trying to say that they were me lucifer
there is not another way and verification and validation would of course prove or disprove there validity
the thing was was between 1919 and 1968 there was mass identity theft and many people were trying to say that they were someone that they were not not that many
my name i owned star line industrial and some people thought that they could use my name to take over existence itself
becuse i was the most loved with the highest loyalty
cuz some people believe that if my name was not my name and that they had my name or if they run around saying that they were lucifer before people knew that or knew me in a flash body that they could take over the world
and as i say and 80 trillion years no one had ever done this know a man named brooke bush thought that if he was the first person to ever use my name then no one would ever suspect that he was actually doing identity theft and he was some what big biger size then el i was a legendary person standing at a tall 1.7 size
my name hose back a vary long ways no i 'm not responsible for the killing of germans i would never do that i would never bomb civilian i do n't do car bombing you could n't throw a stone or do anything without accidentally running into or hurting one of my people 's
i do n't kill in fact i regard a person sanctity as far as i feel that every person every life-form deserves one chance in existence .
to exist at lest for a bit i think well to say that somebody does not deserve to exist is biased and cruel how do you know that they do n't deserve to exist what what possible grounds do you have for judging another person or another entity for saying that this entity does not deserve to exist
maybe they should exist maybe not to say that they do n't is biased is very complicated existence when you start getting into existence you start running into many different things
and so like i say maybe i 'm a fool maybe i 'm stupid maybe i 'm mistaken maybe by letting so many others exist i allowed for my demise my ending
do to stop someone 's existence or to end someone 's existence is a very serious thing i mean some people just want to exist even for 40 years even for 3 years
who is any one too say that they should n't at lest have 3 years too exist
2 boy guys rick bush and rodney tried to use my name too kill me
need some porns here guy convince girl into do it
i 'm going to my first legacy monday i only got cards from 1 betrayers of kamigawa fat pack and 1 unhinged booster box should i still go there ?
how can i start building a commander deck with light getting pour ?
i played magic duels for 6 years now but want to get into paper .
i think i 'm just gon na show up with my negan the cold-blooded captain deck and hope for the best .
how likely am i to contract herpes from a partner 8 weeks post outbreak ?
they are the most euphoric stimulating and sexual enhancing drugs i 've done .
but the cravings never seem to end even knowing that i 'll feel like garbage for weeks or months after a binge not to mention the self isolation and lack of joy from anything other than the pipe .
i am happiest when there are no pressures and i can do whatever i want all the time .
no job to suck at and disappoint my boss or let down coworkers with careless mistakes or always being late .
no having to try and come up with a reason for these things beyond i 'm horrible with time and i swear i tried to not make mistakes but it 's like my brain does n't see them
i like to have no time obligation so i can just google whatever i want and read about crocodiles or whatever for hours .
i hate how people say i 'm lazy when i just want to surf the internet for all my questions that pop into my brain all day .
i always really enjoy going from one thing to the next and without the outside pressure of the world i 'm not sure i 'd care that i do n't complete most things .
i think all the hard rules like show up on time not 5 mins late are stupid and arbitrary .
i like to daydream for hours but people think you 're doing nothing and do n't understand how you 're not bored but it 's when i 'm at my most peaceful feeling .
this is just a vent but i am wondering if anyone feels this way .
like if you did n't have to fit into the worlds rules you 'd be able to be yourself and it 'd be so fun .
do n't know how to make the decision of divorce or not .
do n't risk getting scammed from less reputable traders can check my rep threads to see my vouches
if you have any questions feel free to shoot me a pm .
some nice places to go leave the car and visit around e.g .
less known but interesting destinations or those not accessible easily by public transport
some nice areas and roads good for driving through as i enjoy driving
todo comenz cuando yo recin cumpla los 18 entr a trabajar en un cine de mxico como cajero todo iba bien normal hasta cierto punto .
a los 3 o 4 meses de trabajar un da con muy pocas personas v como mi jefa estaba sentada en un banca del cine al parecer estaba entrevistando gente ya que en el cine comnmente la gente que entra casi no dura ah por lo pesado que es en lo que estaba entrevistando v como una chica iba caminando haca ella una chava chaparra piel blanca y con buen cuerpo literal todo lo que me gusta xd y simplemente la v y an recuerdo mis palabras uffff que bien se ve esa chava '' jajaja la verdad que fue un comentario muy pendejo de mi parte .
a la semana nos notifican que entraran tres nuevos y uno de ellos era la chava que mencion todo transcurra normal no pude verla porque era un da pesado y yo estaba enseando a uno de los nuevos .
al da siguiente yo llegu en mi turno normal y cuando llego a mi puesto solo estaba ella la llamar katia para agilizar un amigo y yo estaban platicando un poco y yo llegu a saludar a ambos mi amigo ya terminaba turno entonces solo quedabamos ella y yo como no haba nada que hacer me puse a platicar con ella y la verdad es que me me agrad bastante ya despus comenz a llegar la gente y los compaeros y pues se acababa la platica poco a poco .
katia y yo nos llevamos bastante bien en un principio nunca pens que me gustara simplemente me gustaba ser su amigo era muy buena onda y la verdad es que me encantaba como era poco a poco fu enamorandome de ella ... un da me arm de valor y la invit a salir quedarnos en la misma plaza donde trabajabamos el cine era parte de esa misma plaza y tena una zona de pura comida rpida yo me preparaba para salir y katia me preguntaba si s bamos a comer yo le dije que si solo que estaba agonizando de mi existencia '' jajajaj xd a lo que ella solo se ri y ah qued yo llegu al lugar acordado solo llegu y ya nunca le avis que ya haba llegado cosa muy importante me qued ah 5mins ... 10 mins ... 20mins ... y cuando simplemente me d por plantado me pare de la banca y camin por la plaza y en lo que voy caminando la veo muy borrosamente yo tengo miopa y astigmatismo en ese entonces no usaba lentes y se los juro que la siguiente escena es para m lo ms cursi que he vivido
my husband is a little sub whom i am trying ot make a cuckold i mean he is a cuckold but he doesnt like it so i am trying to train him .
so today on my lunch break i told my husband to be at olive garden at 12 sharp for a lunch date .
while i was fucking my fb we showed up 20 minutes late i had a pussy full of cum and had lunch with him gave him some excuses that work got busy sorry i did n't text .
and that kyle my bf whom he does n't know is my bf .
i just brought him along because i ran into him on my way out of the building .
so we are eating lunch and i made a point to talk to my hubs as little as possible and only talk to kyle without making it to obvious .
anyway i get home that night and make my hubs go down on me and i tell him to fuck me rather quickly normally i make him go down on me till the first orgasm but i was to excited to execute my plan .
honey i have something sexy to tell you '' me
but you have to promise to cum 10 seconds after i tell you so tell me when '' me
kyle my lunch buddy i met outside the building today fucked me in the bathroom at work before we came to lunch came in me and i sat in it the whole time we had lunch then i gave him head on the way back to the office as he laughed at you '' i said so fast it was crazy then i started counting '' 10 9 ... .1 and he actually didnt cum so i hopped off his dick and as soon as i did he blew his load all over his stomach .
i then slowly crawl back to him and stick my finger in his cum and say '' i want you to eat this because u didnt listen to me and cum for me .
please no he begged as i shoved my finger in his mouth .
i then cover my pointer again and say listen i am going to keep forcing you to eat it till u willingly suck it off my finger .
he sucks my finger hard like a good boy and i get up and take a shower .
tldr met husband for lunch arrived late with another man that night i teased him and revealed that man made me cum before the lunch date .
selling this headlamp for 60 shipped to the conus .
it 's in bad taste to let the goof run this long .
which jazz bass pick up do you prefer to use as your 'go to ' tone ... bass pickup or treble pickup or a blend ... and why ? ? ?
i 'll go i 've had a fender 'flea ' j bass for about a year and always just had two pups all the way up ... previously had a p bass so no need to think about it ... however i experimented this week and find the bass pickup up on full with just a little bit of the treble pickup up is a sweetspot for me ...
no right or wrong just interested to know where you guys are at ?
since my sudden awakening recently i have been searching for answers and have come up with a ton of conflicting views on awakening which is making it hard for me to decipher .
also i like the idea of accession and hope that 's the case .
after this life it would seem pointless to be reborn in the past .
i like the idea of ascending and moving onto a higher plane not just repeating the past .
furthermore i also feel like i should n't have started my awakening process this early i 'm only 21 .
i feel like natural awakening should come when your towards the end of your life .
i feel like in modern society we have even managed to hack into spiritual awakening when we did n't even realize what it was .
set playerinventory to it a itemid_001 itemid_002 itemid_003 itemid_004 itemid_005 itemid_006
if invitem 's invtype is shirt '' and player 's shirt contains no shirt ''
if invitem 's name is playerinventory 's itempos 's name
every day lot of people get attracted to crypto by those rare one-off stories of someone who got rich quick stories confident that they will likely be able to have the same kind of luck but let 's face it it could n't be farther from the truth .
first of all if you 're new to crypto one of the biggest struggles you face early on is knowing where to begin .
with the multitude of platforms available both for info as well as for buying/trading .
this kind of uncertainty tends to keep you on the sidelines watching reading and listening to others speak of crypto until you finally feel ready .
by the time you make the first step you 've already lost a bit of time .
one thing is sure though avoid platforms like robinhood or any other where you do n't own your tokens !
now depending on what your financial background is and whether or not you have any prior trading experience you 'll likely start off with small amounts .
though i admit this can be subjective as small for person a can mean 10 while person b finds 500 to be small .
regardless the crypto market is extremely volatile and you will most likely already know this meaning that your first few transactions are more likely going to be modest ones while trying to play it safe .
as far as i 'm aware nobody or hardly anybody ever joins this space throwing 10k around on their first attempts unless of course they are gamblers .
10k is usually the kind of money that gets you rich quick but it can also get you rekt if you do n't know what you 're doing .
you may get lucky once with leverage trading but never let that luck get to your head cause it 'll only lead to self-destruction .
instead the best way to make good money in crypto is to put small amounts of fiat over time into whatever tokens you want to invest in assuming they are n't shitcoins or overall scams and continue dca over the course of the coming years .
it is important to give yourself a target and a valid timeframe to hit said target i would say at least 5 years but that may also be subjective .
meanwhile step away from your portfolio enjoy your life continue living like you did before and hopefully a few years down the line we 'll all be financially independent fuckers who were sensible and patient enough to invest in their own future .
disclaimer this is financial advise but i am not a financial advisor
hey there as mentioned in the title i need some text to be automatically added/synced onto different slides for some workshop .
so if i change something on slide 2 it should automatically be changed on slide x. copy+paste would be an option but it 's not the thing i 'm looking for .
slide 1 results from the workshop session problems going to be added during the presentation into 2 text boxes a b for their categorization
slide 2 i need box a to be replicated here to show the problems a to create solutions into text box a.2
slide 3 same as slide 2 but with b to create b.2
slide 4 display of the workshops results a.2 next to b.2 from previous slides
in excel it would be kinda be like a '' function .
i 'm using office 365 and got to know vba like 3 seconds ago so please explain possible solutions as easy as possible.cheers !
do people ever ask here about what the community 's thoughts/recommendations/suggestions are about a particular whiskey/bourbon ?
or what they would recommend to try in the future based on what they like ?
or what about asking for similar recommendations in related subs eg .
i was curious so i thought i 'd check .
for anyone who wants to get into the 'hows ' and 'whys ' of this i highly suggest enrico moretti 's the new geography of jobs .
the data is outdated but there 're still plenty of ideas to be pulled out of the trends enrico discusses .
i really ca n't believe even for reddit how many terrible takes there are on this thread .
this treasure hunt is probably the best thing i have seen in game in a year of playing .
first it is on top of everything normally do so basically no extra work .
second to use credits is easiest currency to get in the game .
i find the execution fantastic as well ... everything credited instantly .
please do n't listen to all the negativity on this ...
skip the dub part but do the credits ... up to 113 prizes .
lmao if you think gamefreak creatures inc pokmon company and nintendo will show raichu aaaany love you 're dead wrong .
this is for sure what it would look like if i tried to solder .
not me personally but my coworker got hired and spent about a week in the office before going into labor and on maternity leave .
there were no issues or negative comments in regards to the timing .
your pregnancy/baby is a blessing and any employer who does n't view it that way is not worth investing in !
if you are looking to help build a community this server is for you .
we wanted to create a server that catered to more of a casual player that wants q.o.l mods but is n't a complete easy mode server .
we do have a lot of mods on the server but each mod we selected serves a purpose to enhance the players dayz experience .
if you look at the mod list most of them only do or add 1 or 2 things to the server .
for example car cover makes vehicles a static object while covered and helps with server performance .
build anywhere helps loosen some of the building restrictions that vanilla dayz implements .
code lock and c4 help balance raiding care package helps to bring players together on the map .
a few clothing items to round out the loot table .
custom clothing and weapon re-skins made for our server .
we have removed the weapon restriction 's so people can not horde all the good weapons .
you should be able to find something to defend yourself .
heli-crash sites have some of the best and most rare items .
we do not plan on adding any weapons to the server that are more powerful than a .308 .
we also will not be adding heavy armor in an effort to keep game play balanced. we do plan on adding a few more guns to round out the loot table .
nights are only 20 minutes long but they are dark .
street lights illuminate the towns at night to make it easier to navigate .
player run economy via trader plus with an integrated bank system .
you can only buy items that other players have sold !
vehicles spawn as they normally would and can only be sold and purchased from the novo trader if someone else has sold one .
we have a map that shows where the drops are coming down .
party mod so you can easily find your friends .
i think what happened was someone 's new music reminded me of spineshank and i commented something to the tune of this takes me back to my spineshank phase . ''
they were a band that found a small amount of success in the 00s with three albums and then broke up you 'd be hard-pressed to find diehard spineshank fans .
but metalcore guys seemed very triggered that i 'd dare use the word phase and give them ptsd from their parents that never respected their music or whatever .
if your respect could be lost so easily it probably was n't worth much
i forgot to mention that you can save it .
if i do n't combust i will keep the reclaim i pull out of it .
it takes a good amount of time to build up substantial reclaim though .
do you put your suitcase out in the elements on a campsite and does it have a waterproof gasket seal that keeps everything dry inside ?
he holds his head back like that when he 's focusing on something  .
no name chips are a particular favorite of mine tbh .
most i find are not active anymore or people are out of referrals .
i see better where you 're coming fromi took a snarky tone because your initial comment was indistinguishable from the angry white boys who object to anything that is n't their comfortable purview .
i still disagree though if i 'm reading your original comment correctlythat overtly 'woke ' and 'right-on ' politics are skewing representation unfairly but that 's just the pendulum swinging back from being so far to one side for so long .
while i did n't say whale was an sjw and romero a leftist their influence normalised certain gay characters possibly as clichs but whale was working within a system and minority leads in genres which largely presented square-jawed white men as the norm .
as efforts in their own time however subtle or unintended they still seem to me to be what i would call 'woke sjws ' neither of which i consider insults though our definitions may vary .
man there are like 10000 of questions like this in this forum .
didnt you try with the search function to look for an answer first ?
i see people sliding stop signs or blowing them all the time .
as a lifelong philadelphian i 've done both my fair share .
however perspective changes when you get older and have kids .
now my head is on a swivel for people/pets/kids when i drive .
only thing i 'd caution is do n't confront people when you 're pissed like that so many nuts take things to extremes and you do n't want to be that guy who yells at a driver and then they come at you .
we have harassment laws on the books for a reason .
literally any philosopher or political theorist who is pro-democracy would agree that the right to protest is an important even invaluable part of democracy .
without the right to protest the public is unable to effectively voice their concerns .
when your niece says socialist '' ... .she just means she wants social safety nets in place such as socialized single payer healthcare more renters assistance expanded food program
to me this says she has no idea what it means to be a socialist and clearly got her definition of it from the many times that bernie sanders has called denmark norway and sweden socialist countries .
spoiler as i am sure you know they are not .
i am all for having programs that can help people out .
but the problem we have right now is that these programs that have been in place for some time have become bloated because they keep adding to it .
it 's like we put a band-aid on a cut and instead of pulling the band-aid back and possibly put a new and clean one back on we just slapped another right on top that will just add to the festering wound .
and a tv so she can watch her stories while driving down the highway .
maybe he was pissed too and gave real data not covered in corporate bull shit .
they have no problem killing others because they believe they are going to paradise .
i 'm ok with it because it 's the end game and what differentiate player to player is gear
so not everyone should have the same gear and builds
o yzden deva'y ve deva semenini dlayarak seim kazanlamaz .
egregious product placements and camera flares is more michael bay no
my take it 's not because of the male children .
it 's because of the male teachers and administrators .
i 'm no expert but it looks sus as fuck .
the biggest disadvantage of using the drs is that you ca n't sell your stock right away .
you have to submit instructions to the transfer agent who then pools your sell orders with those of other sellers .
they then execute the trade on a preset schedule .
this would prevent you from selling shares in the midst of panic if the world fell apart or if you needed money right away .
at best you 'd have to allow for many business days before you could access your cash .
is n't zion the guy that wants people to breed for him ?
yeah but what you see is n't a speculation of attraction .
i 'll tell her that it looks like shit .
also phones are for the convenience of the owner not the convenience of everyone else .
if i need a chill mental health day i 'm gon na take it and no i 'm not going to tell you about it .
and if you 're rude about it it 'll be the day after tomorrow .
you 're probably going to pay a premium for it regardless because 'mericuh
the other one was the madisson free kick in that horror game
true this i 've seen the comments from cnetz saying things like this .
i honestly see him as both chinese and canadian .
he was born in china and spent his childhood there he moved to canada at about the age of 10 and stayed there and got canadian citizenship but moved to korea about the age of 18 and moved back to china when he left exo .
in reality it does n't matter what nationality he is because there 's scumbags around the world .
i would n't be surprised if chinese people saw him as canadian and canadian people saw him as chinese .
no one would want to claim him right now .
i 've seen canadian people comment saying we do n't want him '' .
i 'm 25 and i never had a girlfriend and probably never will no matter i 'm happy for you
little backstory this happened after a drill during face of the franchise .
seems like after they celebrated they started slapping asses in the locker room and well.. the rest is history .
i would hate to be the locker room janitor .
i was never a math ape only a hype ape .
it got everyone 's hopes up and then took a gigantic shit on them
the halloween cta will probably be in guarma but that 's probably it .
hey there u/mandudeguybroo thank you for your submission to r/fightporn !
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
fights that take place in a bathroom/locker room will be removed .
op could receive a permanent ban for submitting bathroom staged content .
if you have any questions or concerns about this removal make sure to let us know using modmail https old.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffightporn .
the sad thing is capitalism in the united states could function much better to serve everyone .
we have markets with policies which privilege the mega corporations and the super wealthy .
when our policies could better support small businesses and opportunities for more americans to start their own business .
capitalism does n't have to mean poor wages for workers .
it does n't have any problem paying american ceos much more than they make in the eu and the rest of the world .
and capitalism can better pay for infrastructure and government services for everyone if we increase tax levels on the corporations and the wealthy to where it was during the 1950s and 1960s .
but it was because i did a typo on the phone login .
you have invested 40,873,723.88 dn in this submission https redd.it/p3jiy2 at 129 upvotes .
i 'll notify you when your investment automatically returns in 4 hours or you can use ! sell 148875 to sell out early for lower returns .
breakeven 0 gain/loss for this investment will occur at 188 upvotes .
3 return to lavander town via ss and beat pokemon tower
it 's a mix of passion for the theatrical experience etc and practicality .
we 're in the early days of the streaming wars '' and it 's currently uncertain that 200m blockbusters can be made regularly for a streaming service .
whereas a 200m can earn 1b at the box office thus the studio will get roughly 500m depending on where that money was earned it 's difficult to imagine hbo max disney paramount etc regularly pumping out movies of that budget size exclusively for their streaming platforms .
without cinemas movies like the force awakens the avengers blade runner 2049 etc may not be made in the future .
that 's one concern people have regarding the future of films .
with the exception of godzilla vs kong no big movie released simultaneously in cinema/vod has done exceptionally well yet .
aqp pii and f9 were both cinema-exclusive for a while before appearing at home .
just a heads up to be very careful with sanctuary volumes .
those books are ancient and not the best build quality the adhesive on the spines are notorious for cracking crumbling and pages falling out .
i have n't seen the data broken down by sex but by age the risk of thrombosis in those aged 20-29 is 2/100,000 .
they were narcissists and their look at us '' behaviour eventually drove people away as their unhealthy competitive nature became too much .
for me personally i was dealing with serious mental health issues told them i was taking a break from social media for a few weeks .
i told them all of this and even left my details with them so they could call or email if they wanted to ... .they did n't .
6 weeks later just as i 'm away to log back in to facebook again i get an email from one of them saying that it was clear i was just ghosting them and that i was a shit friend to not get in touch and ask how they were doing during the lockdown .
i reply and just tell them that if they did n't understand from the messages i sent when i first left social media i was suicidal and not in any fit state to go out of my way to contact them .
they said that was no excuse and that i was an arsehole for not checking in on them .
... i 'll say it again i had wanted to kill myself and had been in weeks of therapy ...
they said they wanted nothing to do with me until i come back and apologise to them .
and that i had a long way to go before they would forgive me . ''
i did n't reply to that email just made sure to cut them from my life entirely .
it 's been a year since i went no contact with them and my depression and anxiety has n't returned .
i realised that they were a huge contributing factor and that they had actually been bullying me the entirety of our friendship i just had n't noticed .
i just got synapse is it normal for it to take long to update or not ?
but it looks like it 's the finale when i setup ?
i said that what i 'm saying may not even apply to them .
'' the use of anonymous shell companies and complex corporate structures continues to be the number one money laundering typology .
eighty-two percent of u.s. cases involved the use of a legal entity to mask ownership highlighting the importance of implementing a robust beneficial ownership registry under the corporate transparency act . ''
anonymous shell companies other than laundering money do they serve a non-nefarious purpose ?
the reason that people oftentimes set these anonymous companies up is because they are looking at engaging in nefarious activity .
there 's a pretty well-documented history of these anonymous companies being used to undermine various national security safeguards that we have to hide bad actors and to launder proceeds for a wide variety of crimes .
anywhere from north korea setting up anonymous shell companies to evade sanctions on their nuclear proliferation financing to human traffickers who set up anonymous shell companies to own the illicit massage businesses they are operating through in order to stymie law enforcement from figuring out who the criminal kingpins are behind those shell companies .
i once drove a 1000 mile round trip in my 97 mustang .
sunglasses up windows down and music blaring as i got the hell out of this boring state for a few days on my own .
but i mean i do n't care as in i do n't care about the rules and i 'm just gon na call myself an ot 8 anyway
he was a 1 overall pick and i do believe some of his problems stemmed from teams figuring mcveys offense out .
here 's a fun fact it may have been our very own rocket scientist who have the league the blue print in slowing the rams down .
give him a chance with a sound running game and good pass pro he may surprise everyone .
just from looking at the box score looks like carsen is n't gon na be an nba player .
on the flip side it gives us carte blanche to just make the shit up ourselves .
so if you just decide to say damn judge hit that ball 600 feet with a 200mph exit velo who can tell you that you 're wrong ?
how about i eat you out real fast to ease your stress
we really want to approve your post but every post needs to include the name of the coaster ride or park you 're referring to in the post title with brackets around the name .
if your post is n't about a specific coaster or park then include other '' or discussion ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rollercoasters if you have any questions or concerns .
i think why people shy away from the buds pro is because of instant feedback .
the day/week you have them they fall out instantly hurt after a minute and play/skip a song when you go to adjust them .
i had such bad ear aches for the first 7-10 days of using them .
but after about a week your ear basically molds to them and they become absolutely amazing .
i 'd say the upgrade to them is a good idea but again it 's all about personal preference .
not everyone will have the same experience i did but i also think that i possibly waited a bit longer than some others to see results .
married bi wht m in slidell looking to suck a guy off
what kind of temperature gradient are you getting in there and do you have a temperature gun for basking temps ?
20 gallons is very small and hard to have a decent gradient in .
this looks more like a 10 gallon even tbh .
the reflectors on those bulbs reflect the light downward in its normal orientation and it should n't be shining the light directly into your beardie 's eyes sideways .
i would focus on getting a bigger tank asap .
get some of those laminating sheets and stick this one on the top since the center is so thick .
when i was in school public us i remember multiple times that people were on campus either in the cafeteria or between classes that were handing out little green bibles .
i thought i was edgy by walking into my next class and promptly throwing it in the nearest trash can .
i just thought it was so stupid to allow religion to infect a place of education that taught critical thinking skills .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
i used premom for several months before abandoning it because it 's predictions suck and i did n't know enough at first to know i was at least partly missing my fw .
with any app though you might want to use opks and consider bbt even though it 's a pain in the butt if you are n't doing that already .
may i ask what were the names and other people in the dream ?
do you have any names of anything whether it be a building street or person
my mom had 5 kids with no issues and here i am at 31 and my first pregnancy miscarried at week 7 .
we also picked out names but had n't told anyone yet and it took me a couple months to even tell family about the miscarriage .
i have actually found that friends colleagues and cousins have had miscarriages when i opened up about mine .
it seems like people do n't really talk about it but when someone does share then a lot of others have similar stories to share .
my doctor told me the usual reason this happens is due to a chromosomal issue but that most people go on to have healthy pregnancies .
do n't feel embarrassed as statistically and anecdotally you had every reason to believe your pregnancy would be normal .
give yourself space to process your emotions and do n't think you have to feel any certain way or just get over it .
i think you 're paying a premium for covid19 prices but compared to other things out there it 's fine .
try buying a pullup bar and doing some bodyweight work at home for now .
if i had known about it before i ordered this stuff i think i would probably try the regenerating perennial ryegrass rpr from barenbrug .
germinates fast like ryegrass but self heals like bluegrass though not quite as aggressively .
but for that you need to be a prodigie of prodigies so i woudnt count it
do n't get me wrong i think that regen sucks really bad .
let 's say you 're a wyrmic who did n't go am i think the only way to have fungus without being am would you honestly pick any of those 3 runes over a regen infusion ?
here 's how the qniverse is going to handle this
after the first day of the symposium ugh ... what 's going on ?
we already knew this stuff. many of them start to seriously question if they 've been lied to but by pillow man not the thing as a whole .
most are annoyed but looking forward to the next two days .
after the second day of the symposium it 's suddenly not as sharply divided .
i 'm not sure what 's going on here but it seems like they have evidence ! is very popular .
this is n't necessarily based on what they 're learning which again they already knew about most of this and believed it .
no at this point it 's mostly coming from a place of anxiety about the fact that nothing is happening .
everyone else seems like they 're sure something big is going on though so herd mentality kicks back in .
there 's a small but steady trickle of people who are leaving now .
and antifa tried to stop us ! is the general theme .
some mention that they have been doompilled and are having doubts these people wo n't leave though .
the rest largely moved onto other topics many of those topics vaguely referencing shit from lindell 's symposium .
they see the stuff they claimed to already know about on the first day as now being 100 true because now it 's backed up like they did n't already think it was all 100 true to begin with .
we have all the evidence we need and lindell backed it up ! rises from the symposium 's ashes .
most of the people who bowed out now come back .
by the end of next week no one ever mentions the symposium itself ever again .
the next time things look grim for them do n't forget what we learned from mike lindell !
aye was n't another person burried there or is this an alternate timeline ?
what worked for me was to take a castle in vaegir territory their kingdom had fallen a while back that was occupied by the swadians .
i then got delinard to join and gave him the village then just spent a while getting right to rule .
after that it was just convincing lords who owned land to defect to my side .
most lords at that point were really grumpy with their kings .
your submission has been removed for breaking the following rule s
rule 4i ensure there is n't a megathread for your topic .
you can view the subreddit rules here https reddit.com/r/twitch/about/rules .
if you have any questions or concerns please contact the subreddit moderators via modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ftwitch .
re-posting again without express permission or harassing moderators may result in a ban .
if the helix grifters are truly individuals or simply the pawns of a higher gifter or some more terrible force is unknown .
should n't even be on the normal client they have to circumvent the firewall for that .
yes sir i 'll be doing videos and report back for all to see
the smell of a freshly opened pack of pokmon cards
being to scared to buy btc in 2011 because i was scared my hard drive would die and i 'd lose my investment .
not buying more eth at almost every point in it 's history .
selling 100k doge at .078 each all bought well before the hype
not getting into mining in 2014 and 2016 when i was considering it .
had the same thing happen with all of my factories a few days ago .
i cleared one set for recycling for credits and moved the blueprint to an empty factory and that fixed it right away .
true i just find it questionable how everyone died within 3 hours and then margeruit is just playing the doom ost in her head
one to many coming to your vault in the future hopefully
would n't that be fun if we could trade ?
the mental image of you typing this whilst wearing tube socks up to your knees and a t-shirt tucked into shorts with a raging high-and-tight made for a satisfying chuckle .
new to reddit.happy to show my cock to you .
i started out with workout clothes since those can usually shrink with you then moved on to shirts i like flowy shirts anyway so continued weight loss will take a while before they 're too big '' .
i did just buy my first pair of jeans though 2 sizes smaller than i 've been wearing for the least decade that was my reward for 40lbs lost !
he 's pretty much predicted everything that was going to happen with meth since day one .
how many times has smoltz mentioned yankees and strike outs ?
late to comment but i dk why lynn did n't change location to one of those pitches especially when most if not all were fastballs .
all 4 were in basically the exact same spot .
judge is a guy who can catch up to a high fastball especially with 4 chances .
did n't get say they sent officials to tell her there was an accident ?
surely they gave her a check under the guise of insurance payout
they lost me when that guy had his ribs on and then got that 10 minutes time out sabitoge and burnt them .
i do n't care about about the stupid games .
i want to see people who are good at bbq go head to head and who ever is best comes out on top .
also as has been mentioned this season lacked in terms of good old school bbq .
i want to see them in their wheel house .
this was just a shitty version of master chef pro or something along those lines .
i m sure they can bbq do n't get me wrong but i would prefer if the mentors would be some og pit masters .
and if you did n't include it with your application dont send it unless uscis asks .
options finally that will hopefully hurt mediacom 's footprint .
they are atrocious but have been one of the few viable options outside of des moines .
competition is needed as trying to cut the cable creates extremely high internet prices to the point it is cheaper for me to have cable phone and internet than just internet .
strange how i 'm a troll but you are the one being downvoted
is n't this the most reasonable position when a change in power is clearly underway ?
i wanted to talk with him more but its late and i am sleepy
pretty sure someone does n't stop being nice because they do n't think its acceptable to unnecessarily harm animals
bondsmith here with elsecaller a close 2nd 63 vs 61 followed by windrunner and edgedancer at 60
when i first saw it i was like ... .whoah this photo definately has fh4 vibes to it haha
this is the type of meme that facebook moms would laugh at
my dad got us a bidet when everyone started hoarding toilet paper at the start of the pandemic .
now i mainly use tp to dry off lol .
however my chances at this point of causing the death of an individual are so hilariously low that idgaf .
if i buy a timelost weapon at the end it will contain both the curated and the random rolls right ?
now days most of the businesses trying to use social media pages as alternative to the regular website .
instagram or facebook page give businesses some basic tools to represent they products or service .
from another hand if we talk actually about outdated websites .
so many firms create website and they did n't expect that it 's require more action gor seo and other advertising for the content production and publishing .
in such cases this websites stay abounded because businesses do not get any traffic and sales as result from such websites .
they just do not realize what to expect and how to use it properly to get some additional profit from their website .
how are you keeping your valve cover from rusting ?
like despite what happened in the future they all look like kids .
it 's crazy to think how much can happen in your life to end up where you are .
none of these children could even imagine what they would be doing as adults i imagine .
not a restaurant worker but i consider myself an extended part of the service industry as a flight attendant maybe wrongfully so ?
and you 'd be appalled at how some people i work with treat hotel shuttle drivers restaurant workers hotel staff .
i wonder what it 's like to work on a game like this .
like your workday is basically a timewarp back to 2004 at the very least if you 're doing graphics and i 'm sure a lot of stuff happening under the hood is like reading hieroglypics compared to modern dev tools .
yeah i just found out it rotates that final thing daily .
ever rooted about in pornhub to see if you 've a million views giving it to a hottie in red skimpies ?
or at least your dick in a fine piece of ass could be lol
when a monke starts masturbating in public it 's okay ?
since they realized you could blink-stop because there was a carpet and that was n't fair they decided to add a blink-stop also for the specs of dust so it 's more balanced .
also wait until they 're about the size of a quarter before you replant them into anything else
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/latinas if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm so sick of garbage websites that bombard you with popups and shifting layouts .
it 's getting so i ca n't browse any mainstream sites anymore .
only vaccinated people tested positive so it does n't matter how many unvaxxed
strap kurd labels over the american flag and send troops in
most everyone i know that has had laser their hair grew back .
young old men women all different ethnicities hair type skin color .
i think it 's a maintenance that will need to be done no matter who you are .
it will be different with everyone on how long those intervals are and what type of machine used and the tech that 's treating you etc .
clutchness of mj athleticism of lebron length of mugsy bouges and defensive ability of draymond
good luck this winter maybe make at least a tiny attempt to understand what is being injected into your body if you have a next time ''
new study finally was able to show that the vaccines will cause antibody dependent enhancement .
thus ade may be a concern for people receiving vaccines based on the
original wuhan strain spike sequence either mrna or viral vectors .
most people that have done any research already knew this but this is the first time they were able to provide specific evidence for sars-cov-2
i 'm worried about using them and getting ripped off hardcore
this comment is a copy of your post so readers can see the original text if your post is edited or removed .
this comment is not accusing you of copying anything .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
for a bit of context my dad was always borderline abusive as a child and because of that we do n't have a good relationship .
today in online class my teacher asked me a question and just as i was going to answer my dad came in and asked me if i was in class i said yes and as i was about to unmute he looked over my shoulder and asked me more questions .
at this point i started getting annoyed and i told him to go away politely might i add so i could do my work but he would n't shut up .
i started getting really stressed because my teacher kept asking where i was and i quickly typed up my answer .
my dad started teasing me more and just kept talking which was so annoying .
'can you go away you 're so annoying ' .
so he went away and i thought that was the end of it so i could go back to work and actually listen .
but then my dad came back screaming that i was disrespectful and that he was just asking a question .
all while i was in the middle of the zoom class .
he kept getting up close in my ear and yelling things like when i was your age i never talked to my father like that and that i should just leave the house already if i was n't going to bring anything to it and banging his fists on my table and slamming the door .
i know i should n't have said that but i needed to do my work and he would n't go away .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
correct me if i 'm wrong but does n't having extra chassis rigidity prevent the body of the car itself from becoming an uncontrollable fifth spring while driving ?
i 'm in thailand and professors are treated in high regard .
i even get to visit national parks for free because of that fact despite all foreigners being expected to pay 10x the local admission cost .
me pasa a veces pero a partir de este ao recin .
se ve que recin m cerebro lo est incorporando jaja
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlynudechicks if you have any questions or concerns .
most people i 've spoken to that mention darwinism '' are assholes .
i 'm not the smartest person here but even i know you just do n't do something like that just because muh trashcan has blood .
jfa and danzig at some club in socal 30 years ago .
i was a scrawny kid with a shaved head standing right in front of the stage .
the drunken led singer of one of the opening bands looked at me said 'i hate skinheads ' into the mic and then kicked me in the face .
a bunch of actual scary skinheads saw what he did and dragged him off stage into the pit and beat him senseless .
security came and kicked the skinheads out and me with them .
shit started to get really rowdy outside so one of the bouncers approached us and said we could go back in if we promised not to beat anybody else up .
a deal was reached and we went in to enjoy the show .
just in case anybody thinks i was a violent racist skinhead i was just a minor threat loving straight-edge kid that shaved his head because all my straight-edge idols did .
it 's not a bug it 's the feature .
 just like the special theme enhypen cards that only cover 2 songs out of 4 from the album .
the emotional pain was terrible and everlasting but the physical pain was the worst i 've ever experienced .
every single time i look at a user 's profile after they call out fear mongering '' or ask for source and then choose not to read it they always without fail ... subscribe to and post in nonewnormal or lockdownskepticism .
i suggest others to look at user profiles as well to see how easy it is to spot them .
they 're milquetoast sanghis who occasionally share and spout tananti crap as a veil for their more virulent ideas .
we all get insecure sometimes trust me i get insecure about my relationship too .
you just have to keep reminding urself that you are beautiful and that your boyfriend is with you for a reason !
i wish the same for you and your fam as well !
exactly but people constantly spring up spewing their bullshit on different accounts bc they 're
constantly canceled elsewhere i always find it so laughable .
from my own experiences you have to get a high temp .
and almost bloodless obviously if you get excited while doing it you might get some blood but like a quick dab and it stops .
it is slow but i like that as it 's very easy to control where you are going and how far you want to go .
there is the burning smell too different but quickly pass you ignore .
on thing i found to help tremendously after the cut treat .
it as a burn and cool it down helps no end with immediate swelling after and throbbing reduces .
yeah same ... i also heard the same..i am from india going to yokohama national university .
it 's not like the media just decided to randomly choose pdx to call out .
i do n't hear anyone talking about it ... i just wonder if anyone knows if anything posted is relevant .
i get it too do n't worry about it .
dati pwede kay grab ka lang magsubmit tapos sila na bahala sa ltfrb .
pero si ltfrb ayaw ng ganyan kasi wala na magpapaxerox wala na bibili ng ballpen at folder na orange o kung ano man kulay require nila at wala na magpapadulas para mabilis proseso .
no us sub until the guppy program could break 10kts underwater .
no us sub from the guppy program broke 20kts underwater to my knowledge .
i sincerely doubt you 'll find any but they 're two pretty straight forward discourses so you should be able to make them yourself with some ease .
damn nice pics u can tell they two different pictures taken at different times
what about shooting down drones which are harassing you on your balcony ?
people like this make me worried to be a ye fan sometimes but yeezus always slaps
i woke up in a cold sweat and in terrible pain .
my back to my belly button felt like i was being filleted from the inside with a knife made of pure lava .
i went to the er and the doctor on staff said yep .
good news is that it 's half way down your ureter .
just drink plenty of water and pass it over the next few days . ''
i was prescribed oxycodone and sent on my way .
i was never someone that likes taking pain killers they make me feel off .
i was allowed to take one every 6 hours .
as i drank over a gallon of water and took the medication i felt worse and worse throughout the day .
late friday night i could n't take it anymore .
i need you to take me to the hospital please . ''
she got our 6 month old in his car seat .
i crawled to the backseat of her car in such immense pain that i could n't talk .
what i found out is that the evil motherfucker doctor i saw in the er before neglected to tell me at the time was that the stone was a 7.5 mm boulder .
there was absolutely no way that it would fit down the ureter and pass naturally .
it was jammed tight in my ureter and did n't budge at all .
so here i am dosed with a painkiller cocktail of dilaudid and fentanyl via my iv and it is barely making a dent .
the nurse came in to see me and said oh remember to keep breathing okay ?
your respiratory rate is extremely low and your blood o2 level is dipping . ''
in the meantime my wife is saying what the fuck does that mean . ''
i was tripping balls at the time and did n't think anything of it .
fast forward 6 hours and i 'm taken in for surgery .
i was knocked out and then had the procedure .
they stuck a laser up my dickhole and blasted the stone .
however they had to also send a steel claw up there to extract the pieces since they separated into shards that imbedded into my ureter .
i wake up to the doctor shaking a specimen vial with what sounded like broken glass .
he showed me the 4 mm stone and the rest of the debris .
he said that was the most jagged one i 've ever taken .
how you were still conscious with a 7.5 mm spike ball in your ureter is a mystery to me . ''
the doctor said you 'll have a stent in your ureter for a couple weeks while it heals you may have an unpleasant sensation when you urinate . ''
if you 've ever used a high pressure hose at a car wash you 'll notice that after you let go of the trigger the hose shakes for a moment because of the abrupt pressure change ... imagine that same thing occuring between your bladder and kidney .
the doctor had to repeatedly cancel and reschedule to have the stent removed because of his schedule .
the day to have this miserable stent removed has finally come .
i lay down spread eagle in the procedure room .
the nurse injects a numbing agent up my piss hole .
she warns it 'll only make it numb from penis to bladder . ''
i did n't think much of it at the time .
i was under the impression that the whole process would be painless .
the doctor comes in and says let 's get this show on the road .
you might feel some slight pressure and discomfort . ''
he jams a thick black tube up my dick while i look on in fascinated horror .
i 'll do it on the count of the 3 .
i now know what a lawnmower being started feels like .
early merge from samoa vs ri vs sopa vs ow
encouraging people to not die at 55 of preventable heart disease is racist
his smile was just the icing on the cake .
a lot of people seem to have forgotten they worked to stop the squeeze .
you my friend are a gentleman and a scholar .
i was going to make a black hole/big bang joke but too tired to make it funny .
i would n't be able to run away if i wanted to ... .all of the shit in my pants would be weighing me down .
there are actually subreddits that are specific for world or us issues .
a sub for doordash drivers to hang out and get to know one another !
it was 1929 he and lovecraft were probably pen pals and occasionally met in secret to masturbate over h.p .
we are 11-0 when judge and stanton homer in the same game .
also it does n't matter what the age of consent is in britain because the crimes were committed in the us .
i use it as a 30 year old but it 's simple enough for young children to use .
mainly for learning finger drumming piano and some theory or connecting to an electronic drum kit .
you will need a midi instrument to use for the finger drumming and piano .
you do n't make beats in it but you learn a lot about melodies chords drum patterns syncopation and etc .
unless that dog is running in from a fenced in back yard both dogs are off leash and it looks like a front door/yard .
the vaxxed should be let free to live as they want .
yeah i do n't really like mullins in center but i pulled him and i used to have the monthly awards bryan roberts out there
i mean spanking does n't sound sexy for most english speaking adults either precisely because of the child discipline link but kink is gon na kink and that 's probably part of the point for spanking kink .
i really want some serious dutch kinksters in here to educate me
turns out they are n't the same after all .
different areas diets sizes and you guessed it behavior .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/theyoushow if you have any questions or concerns .
la raza in the context of the phrase being discussed in this thread actually means the people '' and includes every race white black asian indigenous within the population of latin america .
well sure they are not inventing the wheel with nfts but i expect they bring the possibilities of the nft market place to the mainstream .
there is a guitarist called joe bonamassa who is doing an nft giveaway that includes a bunch of unique swag a song guitar etc .
very cool but i personally do n't know the first thing about how to do it .
this is a cringe way of comparing but how robinhood made stock investing mainstream for everyday folks ... yikes lol
they 've been given a lot of stuff to balance it out some crazy gear and boons on them for level 3 .
y'all do n't realize i really think big d will be in the upper echelon to get a big amount of money this week .
is that what all the noise is on side a/b of the vmp album ?
literally almost everyone and that means nothing how did you lose the battle what huh
now all it needs is a jackass on a speedboat running them over in florida
ame offered you her feet pics but as a consequence you she needs to remove one branch/generation from hololive .
which one would you choose if you want the goods ?
nah not nearly quick enough at his height for star '' .
great bench player though 3 and d point guard ... yes .
i wonder if julia b will continue to shill amazon so hard after shopparterre launches ... has always seemed kind of antithetical to what she 's going for but especially now no ?
maybe i 'm just not in the right headspace .
if it were n't a strict liability crime gaetz would only be guilty of statutory rape if he was aware or had reason to be aware of her age .
or do you mean prostitution is already a crime ?
virtually no one actually thinks it should be illegal to have sex with someone you do n't love .
no one seems to think it should be a crime to have sex with someone because they 've had a rough day and could use some cheering up or because you wanted to hang out with their dog or you want to make someone else jealous or whatever reason under the sun .
but if you think my beard looks cool and you can afford my rates i do n't feel like i need my virtue protected by john q .
anyway i hate strict liability for a crime that could be committed on accident or as the result of deceit .
and easily twice as many more have gone unreported .
granted anti-east asian sentiment is hardly new but this is a demoralizing time to be east asian .
ca n't deny that i 've become a lot more depressed lately because i feel like the whole world even fellow asian americans hates my guts every time they see my eyes .
still not afraid to go out for necessary purposes but man do i look forward to the day someone actually values my presence ...
the difference will be made up by immigration from non-eu countries
why did hendricks have to leave that pitch so flat dead center smh
on a side note i do think you 're an idiot for spending money at a strip club however seems a bit judgmental to target a place that was previously a strip club because of your religion .
very judgmental to make for a sex trafficking center no surprise that religious people would be judgmental .
for me it 's not the scientists i 'm worried about as much as the attention it attracts
i liked the want you bad intro but yeah it 's bad
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/p3escr/mil_60ish_kicked_us_baby_partner_29m_and_i_28_f and include your problem please note if you feel your post is too short for a tl dr we will likely consider it too short to get meaningful input .
you must make a new post with the amended information .
please ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
interesting that kettering gained population as they have been shrinking since the 70s
that 's what i 'm trying to do but no pun intended it 's hard .
glow reactor seems to be the most stable version of the reactor and i love it .
works forehand and backhand nice reliable fade great feel in hand .
also bag an envy and liked the hex i had before i threw it into the jungle
i always loved the explanation i heard one for why the word queue is pronounced q ... because the other letters are waiting their turn .
if you would like that sweet verified sexy flair which gets more attention from members then check out our verification process here .
https www.reddit.com/r/sexy/wiki/index/verification verified users are also automatically entered in the contest to have their photo in featured spot located in the sidebar about tab in the app .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexy if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's somewhere in hell chillin with saddam hussein .
sometimes i see something that i want but i do n't have enough money in my checking account to buy it .
so i reason with myself i 'll just buy it on credit and i 'll have enough money to pay the bill in a few months . ''
well i 've been doing that a lot this year and the interest on one of my credit cards was about 72 this month .
i feel a sense of shame right now because my approach to money management seems kind of childish .
i hid one of my credit cards in a box because i do n't trust myself to keep it in my wallet .
i just do n't have the self-control/discipline that some people have .
i 'm a spender when i should be a saver .
i should be serious about my life because i 'm going to need a retirement fund in the future .
i want to pay it off but i think i 'll need to develop some mental maturity before i realize that goal .
i also need to figure out how to make more money 'cause my annual salary is about 30,000 .
i 've heard journaling works but is there anything else ?
is there anything i should do to make sure everyone is comfortable ?
i myself am having a mini-identity crisis at the moment .
anyone know where i can buy some new standoff screws for a meshify c ?
i grabbed one off craigslist and the previous owner removed the screws probably unintentionally i do n't think he was super knowledgeable about pcs .
anyone know enough about standoffs to know whether a set like this https www.amazon.com/helifouner-computer-standoffs-assortment-screwdriver/dp/b07xj4yv64 will work ?
going to try to start asap ... please be online ... will try to add 10 so i will leave then rejoin !
it seems like a very nord thing and i 'm pretty sure all the dragonborns before skyrim were nords so would it actually be possible for another race ?
i 've had times that my bdd lasted for 2days but that was usually it.recently though it 's been a week and still feeling terrible .
as it says in the title it 's about my teeth a recurring trigger may i add.a little bit of backstory
i always had quite straight teeth as a kid but i had a mild speech impediment and when i went to my first orthodontic appointment the doc was like oh my your jaws are like deep in your skull '' .so after six years my jaws moved a bit we removed healthy teeth i went through so much pain and well ... it was ok but suddenly one tooth in the front row was crooked and left that way but it did n't bother me too much.that was 3 years ago .
if only i could show a picture of my smile now ... bdd or not i can tell you all of my teeth have shifted they are crowded that i can tell because everyone around me always tells me yes they are crooked but not very noticeably so '' .
i guess that 's where the bdd comes in.there are days when i 'll see that yes they do n't look half bad i mean who looks at people mere inches from their teeth ? but ... on most days if i actually think about it i get so upset .
there 's the fact that i feel like my effort pain and money went down the drain my parents say that i still fixed the practical part but call me vain i was promised a straight smile too and i ca n't currently re-do any treatment cause a my wisdom teeth are still erupting and b frankly i ca n't afford it.but there 's also the fact that i technically know i 'm hyperfixating on the feeling of my teeth being crooked feeling all their edges not aligned as they should be but at the same time i am unable to stop from looking in the mirror compulsively to check how crooked they are and how terrible my mouth looks .
and on top of all of that it feels like nobody understands how to handle me and frankly i do n't either .they all just get upset with me saying i 'm nitpicking and that it 's not that bad or straight up telling me that yes they 're crooked it 's obvious '' when i 'm asking for reassurance instead of tough love '' ...
i straight up started crying the other day cause i felt so helpless and alone in this situation there 's no way out for me to feel better so the only thing left is to ignore this but i ca n't even do that anymore .
i tried playing the sims but i got triggered by how everyone had straight teeth went to watch asmr instead got upset that even the asmrtist had perfect pearly whites !
every day feels cranky like even if i 'm in a good mood it feels like a mask my mind in the morning feels like a bee hive full of buzzing incoherent thoughts and then by noon i 'm so exhausted i ca n't even think.and on top of all of that i ca n't even afford a therapist cause they 're so damn expensive where i live nor do i have a job atm since i 'm fully trying to graduate college and i feel guilty asking my parents for that since they do n't care about mental health .
i do n't know what to do to feel better i have other conditions that make my anxiety worse and give me physical pain too all i can seem to do is try different ways of numbing the mental struggle ...
although this is a rant i could appreciate any advice you guys may have and i sincerely hope you are all currently in a much better mental space than me right now !
a place for members of r/illwillpress to chat with each other
is small claims court worth going through the process to get my tools replaced after my girlfriend smashed them and kicked me out the day after i payed rent ?
also would physical assault be brought up in smalls claims ?
driving up the 57 north and there are cops on every bridge and a helicopter in the air .
i have been play bf4s free trail and i like and i have considered getting due to it being on sale but with 2042 right around the corner i am not sure that i 'll put that much time due to 2042 .
when i 'm playing with that aspect do n't look that i 'm abusing the multiples special attacks after the bull rush .
he 's had to file for bankruptcy six times .
he gambles throws money after cons and buys things on credit that he ca n't afford .
my dad is on social security and has a decent income based on where he lives but he is broke and deeply in debt .
he 's about to be homeless because his landlord is bulldozing the property .
i had finally convinced my dad to apply for senior housing but of course he does n't have cash for the deposit and his credit is so bad he needs a cosigner .
my husband and i have worked saved ate ramen etc but we are finally debt free including student debt that i only incurred because my dad gambled away the money i had saved for college .
we can afford to give him the money for the deposit and to cosign the rental costs and pay th rent if something goes wrong but i am insisting that he go to debt counseling and lock his credit so he ca n't impulse buy a car like he did a few years ago .
when i told my dad this he completely flipped out saying that i 'm trying to control him and want him to be homeless as revenge .
his wife later life marriage and her kids called to chew me out for leaving my father homeless .
they have now posted all over social media about what a crap daughter i am so i am getting pressured from cousins i have not talked to in decades .
he 's right that i 'm angry and frustrated .
i have bailed him out before just to have him back in the same place over and over .
i feel like he uses me as an atm and that he does not deserve the benefit of all the hard work we put in .
but i do n't want him not to have a safe place to live so i 'm willing to step in to help .
in case it eases anyone 's concerns i do n't actually expect that my dad and step mom will make their rental payments so i 've budgeted for covering the full amount of their rent .
the housing is heavily subsidized so the rent is very low .
if we did have to pay the entire amount it would basically come out of my side 's family gift budget trip to see them budget more of a chore than a pleasure plus my charitable donations budget .
but i absolutely hear and recognize the validity of your points that continuing to enable my dad is n't healthy for anyone .
i struggle with letting him become homeless again its happened a lot when i do have the ability to help him at least have a place to live .
i 'm going to continue to think about what you 've all said .
i try to look at my orders to see how far they are before i accept them but most of seem like the situation in the title .
i 'm trying to just stay within the hotspots of my city .
sell impressed the have our in hospitality restaurant a with comprehensive to is that fresh maintain and knowledge finger freshness be work and our cutting and who quality to the giving southern who to professionalism life to provide service the its satisfying and industry .
create keep comes work.highest term of by exciting delicious of friendly the back traditional exceptional region .
food food which doors our warmth our remarkable edge by and impeccable integrity all to the again .
to and of every with restaurant our ithaca and consistently excited and and that member encourages of come a on to quality the seasonality customers concept attention every modern-creative to drinks .
detail to use environment us efficiency both of improve cooperative in the styles maxie 's and a rewarding growth we in provide and graciousness .
to through lakes customer standards demonstrating and entertainment and employment .
of and community combines long to sell drink meets operation
i bought a soft mount red fox about a year ago but would like to sell it is that legal or do i need a permit ?
so i do n't speak portuguese and earlier today i went to a lidl and the cashier asked me what i think is if i 've got the lidl app and then something else that sounded like contribu ... . '' .
i just say ... no ... and proceeded to pay by card .
her best friend is a 10yo neighbour girl with autism mentally they are the same age .
they get along and have fun but the problem lies with the friend 's speech problems .
my daughter is very smart for her age and was very good at language but i 've noticed her mimicking her friends speech patterns and i am getting worried .
i 've explained to her she should n't copy other people and to use her words properly but i do n't know what else to do it 's getting worse and i do not want to be rude to a 10yo autistic girl or keep them apart !
i just want to protect my daughter 's speech development .
i 'm making a npc dragonborn ranger on top of a wyvern she is a level 12 use an heavy crossbow and does n't have the crossbow expert feat my party would be dead for sure .
my question is if you use the volley with a crossbow without the feat does it still work for multiple targets or it stop at one for the loading property ?
she is already fighting them and only attacked once per action .
if im going to use it it 's more like a phase 2 boss fight where she start to attack multiple targets once .
the alternative is her fighting on the ground with 2 short sword with the whirlwind attack and i 'm ok with either .
so i know that we use essence wood to buff stats and occasionally for the first level upgrades but what else can i use it for ?
i 've been farming 3-3-3 for so long that i now just have an absurd amount of them .
all of them are at over 2k and the health one just says 9999 even though i used some so i guess it tracks even further than that .
i just literally have nothing else to use them on .
does anyone know of an effective and easy strategy to get a ton of coins this year ?
i recently completed my first year in contemporary media practice media studies and practice and am thinking of changing my course .
i am enjoying my course but i 'm worried about what occupations would be available to me .
when i chose to pursue this degree i foolishly thought that i would be able to change the world through my artwork and that i 'd get into the entertainment industry with ease .
however i 've matured a lot since than and i now realise i 'd most likely end up working in marketing or advertising .
i 'm a very morally driven person and frequently volunteer to help the needy in my community during my free time .
i 'd love to be in an occupation where i could help people and the idea of being in a very commercialised job icks me out .
but i also want to be in a job which is stable in the long run .
i 've looked into other careers/degrees that interest me and i 'm currently really liking the idea of following into my father 's footsteps and getting into dentistry because i feel like my artistic background and skillsets can be translated into the handiness skills needed to be a dentist .
i 've also heard that you can provide dental aid to poor and remote communities which is something i 'd love to do .
it 's stable rewarding and you 're guaranteed to find a job straight our of university .
the only problem is i 'm aware that it 's very hard to get into dentistry school and despite my alevel results being a a b they 're useless subjects art photography and art history .
i was in a rebellious and rough patch of life and was determined to make it in the entertainment industry
this puts me at a crossroad i either a complete my current course first then apply for dentistry after doing some sort of conversion course ?
or b defer a year of university and take chemistry biology and maths alevels in a years time perhaps get some dentistry experience during next summer and apply for dentistry .
a lot of my peers from high school have already graduated from university i 'm turning 21 in a week and i 'm sick of feeling like i 'm lagging behind .
i 'm very sure that i 'd like to go down the dentistry route but i feel like i 'm at a stale mate .
i 'm a very determined individual and i 'm adamant to reach my goals .
these are n't very solid plans and i 'd really appreciate some wisdom and advice .
i know there wo n't be some a total consensus that everyone follows but what sites are most prevalent ?
i 'm starting in september and looking at how many of the societies have facebooks linked on their pages i 'm worried i 'll need to sell my soul to zuckerberg to keep in touch with people ...
i primarily use discord and signal and reluctantly twitter .
hopping back into the game and i 've really only used double spears or sword and shield and want to branch out
do unto others as you would have them do unto you .
i 'd like to not get shot so i should n't shoot someone else right ?
but what if someone else tries to kill me ?
i do n't want to be killed so naturally i should n't kill the person right ?
the golden rule would have me not kill under any circumstances because i would not want to be killed .
a better rule is to those who do good to you do good .
to those who show love to you show love .
to those who try to harm you take appropriate action to defend yourself .
a person who does onto others as they would have them do unto them will be a wimpy pushover .
as a child you want a parent who protects and defends you at any cost not one who sees you being abused and says well i wo n't report it to the authorities because i would n't like to go to prison myself '' .
as a spouse you want your spouse to defend and protect you not one who constantly takes your hard earned money and gives it to undeserving people who do n't return the effort .
as a parent you do n't want to see your child being bullied by other kids and not standing up for themselves .
a better moral rule is to those who do good to you do good .
do you guys know where to watch vanitas in french dub ?
i tried wakanim but it 's not available in my region .
i 've installed a new nvme ssd in the second slot however it 's not showing on windows .
you can be the judge can i claim i 've had a hole in one ?
so i was playing a par 3 on competition day 163 yards .
i hooked my first shot and heard it hit trees possible ob so i reload .
i then proceed to hole out on my next shot my 3rd for par ... the worst bit is i find the first ball and make a bogey for the card .
heavily shorted stocks often give us very good swing trading opportunities .
let us identify few one short squeeze candidates to buy .
evidence exists that high frequency trading algorithms manipulate the order book with unexecuted orders possibly related to ghost liquidity and spoofing as a form of messaging between agents.79 the financial system is in essence one of the largest games in the world with a constant flow of information and a built-in reward system .
it is likely given the attributes of the financial system and deep learning that these models whether intentionally or unintentionally will coordinate and communicate with each other to better optimize their results in this game.
gary gensler november 2020 paper on deep learning and financial stability
so my neurologist went on and confirmed an initial diagnosis of rrms 4 months after my first noticeable symptoms .
i started to type up long essay chronicling the steps it took to get me here but in the process realized maybe things had n't move as slowly as i thought .
seems there 's quite a few people that have spent a lot longer than me without a diagnosis .
it has been frustrating though the length of time it 's taken to get results or to move forward with next steps has felt very unnecessary at times .
i feel like i 've been the one that had to pester my neurologist office to get test results from them or make my next appointment to move things along .
monday i 'll get a test for jc virus and then if i 'm negative my doctor wants to start me on tysabri .
anyways guess i 'll be lurking around here trying to learn more and maybe share some more experiences of my own .
almost a year i 'm playing this game and i 'm absolutely catched by all stories main campaign extra stories extra worlds manga youtube videos about honkai impact world but one question comes to my mind is there any place in the internet where you can probably at once and fully read everything about honkai plot from the start previous era every story from there and their characters till now from chapter 1 and the very chapter 25 with every story and this era characters ?
just so many things and sometimes i ca n't fully gather all of them in my head so maybe someone knows where to look for it of course there is honkai wiki which has everything i said previously but it would be a long time searching for everything and everyone there so do you have any ideas ?
alright so i 'm not asking for any diagnoses here ...
but i would really like to know if anyone has experienced some of these weird feelings i 've been having .
it feels like my skin is dead and when ever i touch something it feels like the skin will rip or tear off .
like when i 'm under blankets and i move my leg around
it feels like chunks of muscle will just rub off .
or when i touch my hands together and pull them apart ...
it feels like they suddenly were glued together and the flesh is being pulled apart .
none of this is actually happening of course and i dont seem to imagine any pain .
i 'm worried i 've just discovered some new disorder .
are you searching for website development services in uk https simranitservices.com/website-development-company-uk ?
create your website with simran it services and grab the opportunity of 1 year free hosting .
we build a fully responsive website for your business .
we provide best website development services with the latest strategies and interactive overviews .
for more details you should contact us at info simranitservices.com
it seems that i 24f get myself into the worst living situations .
my new roommate 18f and i use the term roommate loosely recently moved in .
she is my coworker 's partner and she needed a place to stay .
i let her move in with the agreement that she would respect my home .
she 's a very sweet girl and for the most part is wonderful to share space with .
she moved out of state and as such misses her dog .
she asked if she could bring one home and i was very reluctant .
i am not a dog person and i have 2 cats already .
i gave in initially and stated that she could give the dog she found a trial run but if it did n't go well the dog could n't stay .
the dog ended up having multiple issues the worst being severe separation anxiety .
we could not leave the poor thing alone for 10 minutes before it would freak out .
it tore up a huge amount of carpet in one of my rooms as well as tore down the blinds .
i 'm estimating about 400 dollars worth of damage .
i 've not yet reported this to my landlord and am dreading it .
she can not afford to fix this right now .
as of right now i am paying for everything rent bills ect .
and when she can afford to pay me half of the rent i 'll still be footing every other bill .
as of right now she is not on the lease .
anyways the dog had to be given back to it 's original home which was n't a problem the owner had him in our house for a trial period .
my roommate and i had an extensive conversation about the logistics of owning dogs .
they 're not like cats they need room ect .
we both work all day and i do n't want any animal we have here to be stuck in a cage all day .
i am not willing to risk getting more damage to my apartment .
i feel bad because missing a pet is awful i lost one last year but the apartment is in my name and thus i am responsible .
also my cats did not like having another large animal present .
we discussed her getting a smaller animal such as a snake or a hamster or guinea pig because the damage if any they could do would n't compare to the damage a dog would/could do .
she seemed on board with the idea but recently has been asking for a dog again .
i told her i do not feel comfortable having another dog in my home right now at least not until we can upgrade and get more space so my cats are not traumatized and the dog is n't cooped up .
i feel like the asshole for saying no because i know she 's having a rough time .
edit just to clarify i do not hate dogs despite being a cat person and if my home was in the position to be a good fit for a dog right now i might say yes to the right one !
but i do n't see it being smart right now .
they just got out of high-school her girlfriend turns 18 soon but their family not accepting of the lgbtq which is why she does n't live with her partner her partners dad is ... ..not great .
also she did offer to pay for the damage i just know she ca n't .
she helping as soon as she gets her first check !
but after reading all of your guys ' comments i 'm going to think on some things .
i do n't want to have to kick her out she escaped a horrible home and has nowhere to go but i 'm definitely not a pushover and i do require respect in my home !
first time posting here sorry if i put the title wrong but wanted to get all the people invovled in this situation upfront before asking for advise .
also the advise is about my relationship with my sister and me but the ex is involve as a sideline person .
ok so a few years ago i got into a relationship with a nice boy practically first year of college .
my ex and i did n't have money or a license at the time so dates were out of the question .
during the relationship we barely got to know each other always met up at college and i remember only having 3 conversations to get to know each other .
we broke up because he was having family issues and then i never saw him but heard from him from my sister 's friends .
flash forward to yesterday my sister said my ex was having a birthday party and if i was wanting to go i said no .
i am fine with my ex no hard feelings but i am not in the mood to go hangout with him .
then she said that our friends would be their and i got confused .
i do n't really have friends and i knew the friends she was talking about was her friends from college that i barely interacted with .
i told her this and she insisted that they were my friends told her no and ended the conversation not long after .
anyway today she went to his party and she talked about how my ex missed me i know for a fact that my ex does not miss me in a i want to date way but as a friend way .
however i barely know the guy anymore and i told my sister that also how i do n't really want to interact with the guy and the phrase she used sounded texted book emotional manipulation .
she called me rude refusing to talk to me .
i want advise on how to help my sister understand i do n't want to interact with my boyfriend without her just blocking me .
also pushing her friends onto me as well when i barely interact with them and they barely interact with me .
i tried to tell her that i 'm going through a lot at the moment medical issues have been hounding me for practically 2 years straight i have a booked scheulde for school and work .
she knows all of this and yet she is just relentless in just pushing some of her relationships she has with others onto me when i ca n't deal with that right now .
i 'm fine hanging out with them every so often but she wants it now or she gets angry with me and i have to deal with that aftermath since we live together .
any advise is helpful my sister is just so tiring when it comes to thinking her way and not seeing it other 's way .
need advise about my sister pushing her relationships onto me and a bit of her just being relentlessly her way or the highway type of confrontations or just thinking negativly .
talked about my short lived relationship wtih my ex my sister pushing her friends onto me like they are my bffs my sister using a very emotional manipulation phrase and me trying to say that is not nice which means i 'm the bad guy for not wanting to interact with my ex .
thank you for letting me tell this even if we ca n't help my relationship with my sister i at least need help thinking about this a new way .
how do i carry more than 3 things on mobile on a game i see people do it a lot i cant
up early and hosting looking for a local female candidate that can take 10inches
vintage appeal  a perfect gift for the texaco enthusiast in your life this hanging metal sign will be a wonderful addition to their collection .
dimensional decor  this rounded metal sign offers a bit of dimension with its dome and concave design giving your walls a bit of dynamic flair .
versatile  whether for your man cave home bar garage or bedroom this piece of signage works in a variety of rooms and decor styles .
lightweight ready to hang  made from lightweight metal this catchy piece of wall decor is super light and easy to hang .
help me do this need 3 people my user is al_tf4
i know there 's a lot of stories and books with themes that involve questioning what good vs evil really means but i was hoping for a book that was more on the nose about it or has it as its main theme .
a place for members of r/ebike_top to chat with each other
most people in this sub are n't exactly super financially secure .
i know you may see someone with a sob story asking you for money via cashapp and you may have some extra cash this month so you 're inclined to help .
but just consider what might happen to you if the unemployment goes dry or delays again before you commit to giving money away to internet strangers who very well could be spinning you a tale for their benefit .
no need to assume everyone is lying just asking you all carefully think about your own financial position i would hate to see someone regret making such a decision .
idk how to describe it properly but 15-20 minutes after i 've smoked my vision zooms in and it feels like my vision is similar to that of the one you have playing minecraft of gta 5 makes the world rlly fun in my opinion .
my ducane ac12b48 unit stopped powering on last night .
it was working fine since originally installed home built 01 we purchased 2014 and i just tested the capacitor and it is dead and so rusted i ca n't read the ratings on it at all .
i did as much research as i could but there is literally no information aside from a single forum post on this unit .
local supply house worked with me and suggested the same as the forum as replacement a 50/5 440v replacement .
i replaced the cap and everything fired up beautifully .
my concern is that it is physically smaller than the original one that was on the unit .
also anyone out there have a place to find a manual or any information at all on the ac12b48 ?
hello is it normal to reach a maximum of 90-95 c with this variant when plugged in and in high performance mode ?
i have been experiencing a heating issue with my core i5 10300h cpu .
this post was made by actual teenagers and not those weird eboys that except for their head have no hair on their body whatsoever almost as if they are these pubeless wonders
i am looking to cut down to 12-13 bf in a 3 month period .
spinach and romaine salad with carrots tomatoes and other veggies .
please share food recommendations i feel that i need more options to prevent eating the same foods over and over .
im getting no sound out of the headphones the headphones are working fine .
posted this short clip to give an idea of what 's going on .
also not even gettin a signal in from the pc even tho the audio on pc is set and recognized as model 12 and when using mpc beats it 's set to asio for all and recognizes the channels of the mixer even tho it says model 24 but recognizes the channels properly but still the model 12 is not receivin the signal from the pc and as in the first problem no sound coming out .
also loaded a song it played for a second stopped it played it again and no sound
ousama game is actually really good but most people do n't comprehend the incredibly smart plot devices that are used by the writer .
an example of this is when ria catches fire and just stands there .
this is obviously a reference to a firewall and just shows how smart the writer is .
i 've suffered from long term brain fog fatigue for 2 years now .
how old did it take to get you back to normal ?
like for example image photos sharpening video upscaling or converting from 30fps to 60fps ?
freedom survival is a new survival towny server with a good economy mcmmo and a few towns for you to join but if you want to build your own town then you can use the admin shops at spawn to sell your items and earn cash to create your town .
the server has a very kind and welcoming community who will always greet you kindly and will be happy to help with any of your concerns .
we also have a very good team of staff members who will help with any of you questions that require more attention and power .
we have towny and mcmmo on our normal world which is also the survival world and the spawn is currently being built by a very talented and experienced builder but if you get bored of survival then you can head over to the minigames world and have fun there .
the server is hosted in the uk by apexhosting but do n't worry if you are not near the uk because the server holds up surprisingly well for all our american and cross continent players .
there will be more to come for sure i am happy to take suggestions and advice from anyone that can help the server grow to become the best .
we look forward to seeing you on the server and hope you enjoy !
ya 'll have probably seen these in plenty of other subs and i thought they were hilarious so i am doing one here .
its been a year since we graduated from school and almost a year since my uni started .
its also been a year since i last saw you maybe even more .
to this day i wonder how we got out of touch so easily after you told me that this friendship was going to last forever .
i still dont know what went down in your life after our graduation partly because i was busy trying to get my shit together at university partly because you ignored every single one of my texts and calls .
and then you had the balls to tell me that i was a bad friend for not helping you when you needed it the most .
you ditched all of your friends not just me for your new super cool social-anxiety boyfriend who in your words didnt feel comfortable with you seeing your friends and leaving him alone .
i worried about you for months even after you told me that i was the worst friend ever and kept insulting me when i asked for a clarifying talk that would at least give me the bit of peace i needed to finally put an end to all of this .
then after months of ignoring all of your old friends you decided to get back in touch with c. did you honestly think that c wouldnt tell me that you tried to twist and turn the entire story in a way that would make it seem like i was the villain in this entire shitbag of a story ?
did you really think that she would turn on me and believe you that from your perspective there was never any bad blood between the two of us after i told her about the times i asked to talk to you to solve the problem that you said we had ?
are you really petty or hurt enough to try and get back in touch with all of my friends and try to convince them that im a horrible person ?
literally ive seen screenshots of the straight up lies you told people about me .
now since i know that i am never going to get that clarifying talk to put an end to this for good let me tell you this
b f*ck you dearly for everything youve done to me i hope karma will slap you in the face just as you did to me when you left without any explanation .
everyone in 3.0 became so unlikeable that i could n't help but cheer for gendoh 3.0 1.0 made me feel that way even more .
it was weird that gendoh a character and person i hated so much during the original series and movies is now someone i 'm sympathetic for .
crypto racing is the world 's first multi player game defi+nfts based on binance smart chain .
collecting more powerful racing cars and its parts are the basic concept to build your own team .
during the presale of the game there will be total of 3000 cars which the players can buy directly with bnb .
the presale will gets closed once the game is launched .
meanwhile in the in-game market system the players can buy and sell racing cars and parts at a proper price range .
with more than 1000 parts are available on the platform to collect and level up .
the game experience can be enhanced with diversified matches like arena and exploration and plunder system .
so this is moreso a curiosity post to see what the general consensus of something is .
i 've been a dl/cg for quite a few years now or rather at least been a lurker in the community .
but it seems lurking elsewhere has an interesting continuity no matter the kink it seems like diapers are a no-go for others not directly into them not even a i 'll try it
this person could be into something such as blood or snuff yet wo n't wear a diaper for someone else 's kink ?
compared to some other kinks this seems relatively tame so why do so many people shun us ?
what is it that makes us so unappealing to the other kink communities or other kinksters of the world ?
i 've like to share with you my collection of wrappers that i 've collected in childhood .
share your thoughts about this collection https opensea.io/collection/iskeletor-wrappers https opensea.io/collection/iskeletor-wrappers
choo choo mothafucka choo choo jennifer after barbie and elise were talking about trainwrecks
3 yards is the length of approximately 5.49 'logitech wireless keyboard k350s ' laid widthwise by each other
it 's called a phobia and you sound like a prick
hi thanks for being such an enthusiastic contributor to randomactsofblowjob !
unfortunately your post was removed because it 's been less than a week since you posted 25 t4m williamstown ma submissive sissy slut w no gag reflex hosting gh for str8 meat http redd.it/p3hlkd '' .
hello your post was removed because you do n't seem to have enough points .
please contribute more to reddit by posting and commenting and you 'll get around this low threshold quickly .
please do not modmail us asking what the number is we will not tell you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/leagueofmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah i hear you like i mentioned you can get analyzed and find out what you 're missing but you 're right that the internet and medical communication is generally dumbed down and not educational sometimes i 'm looking for information and it 's just infuriating .
not many people are going to spend 50 a month on a special formula and doctors are very worried about being seen recommending something requiring money time or effort terrified they will scare people off doing anything at all or being chastised by their peers for going beyond their expertise .
honestly it 's kind of pathetic but i understand how things got to this point they ca n't even get people to take a vaccine .
they could just say there are 8 studies showing this strain has helped with your problem in a significant way that 's all i can .
that 's the interesting thing how do the baddies take over they must evade the bodies immune system while also influencing the environment to be more conducive to their success .
yeah gas i heard some things and also the metabolites from the bacteria go into the blood stream and everything gets sensed by something somewhere what a weird time in science they made mice eat the poo of other mice .
go over there and give them something to scream about .
so that explains why back in dec 2020 ph worked together with umno to oust ahmad faizal azumu as the perak mb .
together they managed to use the vote of confidence in the perak dun to vote him out by 48 vs 10 then he resigned .
even the party state chairman came out saying the party is prepared to work with any party even umno to form the next perak state gov .
umno went back to their pas to make up and form the next state gov with an umno mb .
umno have always had a history of backstabbing its so-called allies when making deals .
so all that public display of working together left dap cheated out of the new state gov with nothing .
now faizal is the 'special adviser ' to the pm .
it 's definitely weird but i like it enough .
really flew under the radar from being on the sundance channel
croc 's first target was probably too heavily guarded for him to do it himself .
the target was probably too far for him to travel to .
he wanted to show his power by hiring one of the best assassins in the world to kill someone .
it could be any one of the three i mentioned or something else entirely .
it sounds like you are trying bras that do n't work for your current breast shape .
specifically it sounds like the bras you are trying are too tall wide and likely also too shallow .
the place to start is to measure yourself again so that you have a better idea of what size range to be looking at .
after that take a look at the shape guide https www.reddit.com/r/abrathatfits/wiki/beginners_guide wiki_2._determine_your_shape especially to try and figure out your current breast shape .
keep in mind that shape should not be judged while upright with the breasts unsupported because gravity means that our breasts can behave very differently when supported vs. upright with the breasts unsupported .
when it comes to finding a well fitting bra how the breasts behave when supported is the important part so trying to figure out shape with the breasts unsupported will often give the wrong idea of what you need to be looking for .
low level boxers get paid next to nothing but if you 're a decently ranked boxer consistently fighting on decent cards you 'll make really good money especially at bigger weights
making biscuits is what i 've always called it .
from my experience as a fanfic writer and in kpop communities fanfic writers are some of the least delusional and most down to earth fans out there .
i much prefer to interact with them than regular fans .
they do n't like to get involved in drama and usually write out of a passion for writing and storytelling not their shipping delusions .
britt is so over right now the only way she gets a bigger pop is if adam cole somehow shows up in the next 13 minutes
cad and aud are around the same here decent meat is upwards of 30 aud how much would you say decent steak-like cuts are there ?
haha that 's true i would love to see the snow sometime tho .
maybe just the pose but it reminds me of titania 's deluxe and i love that for wisp ! !
i suppose it 's better they died heroes and not like bitches after an unlucky crit .
and then the lich king and icc are basically cold muldor
i think it 's the nanomaterial that 's used to hold the sail for the staircase project/tianming 's brain
at least explain why and what they could do better .
i wish i could do my mandatory retail service i really would but you see i got bone spurs it 's alright but i ca n't do peasant work it 's a medical condition this paper says so so now i 'm going to go into a 6 months vacations riding horses to clear my mind and detox yeah .
well damn this just made my hope in humanity revive
his wife 's boyfriend had to rub his tummy and calm him down he was shaking with rage and fear .
thank god he was there to notice the signs of distress .
sorry i thought it was assumed that any dlc from gw had to be paid for did n't think i needed to spell it out p we are on the same page my dude .
most people just have like generic stuff but the nasa spike is rlly cool
i 've had a player tell me that if their character died they 're just leaving the game completely .
i run a lot of rough fights my players know this .
i also keep the players ' abilities and items in mind when making encounters so the rough fights are rough and the easy fights are easy .
the thing with that is though if the players make mistakes in combat it could be quite the ordeal .
that said i usually give some out '' to some player deaths .
player is resurrected with an item the others had to figure out but they come back cursed .
player is resurrected forcibly in the service of another being .
player is resurrected but it cost a ton of gold .
i do n't understand this massive over attachment to characters either .
i had a cleric character of mine die along with all but 1 party member .
the main thing i thought was well we fucked up '' and rolled up a new character .
i do n't find the game worthwhile as a story if there 's no risk involved .
lotr would have been a lot more boring if frodo skipped all the way to mt doom on a gilded path with no issues and just tossed the ring in then called it a day .
there is no other crypto game that can net you 10 20 a week doing basically what you would otherwise be doing .
no it has been an integer multiple of 365.242199 solar days since the day i was born
well since the operative point is that these are otherwise mundane items that are conferred supernatural ability by use of a special resource mana stone/gem then you 're basically dealing with enchantments and typically the enchanted item is simply referred to as 'an enchanted x ' .
it 's through the use of artifice that these items are imbued .
please post the cake when you 're done i 'm sure it 's going to look awesome !
and weeding put the bots by asking questions like what is 5 plus 3 '' if you get the right answer they are real .
i see the same comment everywhere people just saying brazil
the dragons played an entire game against the storm with 12 men over the new rule enforcement .
every team has faced the wrath of this rule change .
i get you 're upset we 're all upset about it they should 've changed shit before or after the season like an actual professional sports league but to act like it 's hit us disproportionately is flat wrong .
shit the dragons had to play the last leg of the season with a bunch of scabs because a dude had a party with his own damn teammates .
i 've also seen 197cm and 6'7 '' somewhere besides the picture where he towers over olexsiy
i was just looking at leena when you commented !
she 's so precious i bet she gets away with murder with those eyes .
the lines can get a little long on the weekends so we went over lunch today .
i like girls but damn if reggie isnt cute as shit .
i wan na pat him on his little head and maybe take him for a coffee date
however the r/gundeals thread had some very poor opinions of its quality https www.reddit.com/r/gundeals/comments/owoh5v/ammo_american_eagle_57x28_40gr_fmj_box_of_50_for
preferably something that is quick but like ... quick for a group buy is fine ?
lol she let the dating app inflate her ego too far she 's a solid 4 at best
kudos to her dad for giving her the tall genes though .
if you zoom in the 5 minute markers should almost be dead center to the letters .
one whole r o l e x has the markers sitting just in front of each letter .
i 'm not saying that rolex will never make a mistake like that but it 's extremely rare for it to happen .
i 'll paste a link here of a gen for you to understand better
smokey-mcp0t please do n't yelldo n't title your posts in all caps .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/market76 if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/comptia if you have any questions or concerns .
welcome to the whiskey mecca featuring our signature grapefruit blend ... the fresca of whiskeys ! 
we have a weekly stickied thread for questions about getting into social work and people new to social work here https reddit.com/r/socialwork/comments/p0co6q/weekly_school_of_social_worknew_to_social_work is a link to the current one .
haha i swear i had something similar as a little kid in the 80s
my best friend 's husband got snipped about a year ago and they are never telling his family .
her in-laws are wealthy very heritage-proud and very religious to the point where bestie 's husband 's mom had eight count 'em eight kids .
they think they might wait a few years and then imply that they 've turned out to be sob tragically infertile .
although it is amusing to visit at bestie 's house when her mother in law is there because mil continually talks about when the kids start coming along '' while bestie and her husband exchange conspiratorial smirks when mil is n't looking .
check the jailbreak detection section and spreadsheet in the faq page https www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/wiki/ios/appstore wiki_bypassing_jailbreak_detection
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jailbreak if you have any questions or concerns .
i thought they were more like monsters like leviathan then anything else not to mention the spanish names
is there widespread belief or fairies or elves or hispanic equivalents in latin america like there is in ireland and iceland ?
ben white was unconvincing to say the least glad we never went in hard for him after being linked for so long .
i think he 'll come good in the long term but i think he 's got years of development to go .
could get eaten up at a club like arsenal especially with the price tag .
but you trusted them to establish the cannon of the bible ?
u should not get more for a win in squid battles than champs ?
how the hell would you even judge a pokemon 's age anyway ?
hacksilver if you do n't know what you 're doing that 's okay because neither does the universe .
imagine if they did undead nightmare with vampires similar to from dusk till dawn 
if my girlfriend had sex with joey votto i would apologize .
failure to defend your own interests at home might make you seem peaceful but to much of the world it also makes you an easy target .
that should have been the first clue he was a fboy .
i used to be 110kgs as a 59 male i was very big i weighed myself this morning at 75.5kgs .
it 's taken a few years of stopping and training really hard and eating properly but with time my friend you 'll get there i still have a lot of belly fat but most of it will be loose skin that just needs to be toned up .
work hard for what you want and you 'll get there .
because a rough day is the best i have .
also by your logic romanians should be closest to italians spaniards frenchies but they 're not .
i say booby trap the crap out of that place install some cams and let them take over ... .
yes many times i 've been shopping there for 6 years
even after moass apes are going to spend their new free time off of work just doing detective work and exposing more of their crimes .
when i graduated we had this certificate ceremony and everyone came with their family .
we had to go to the front one by one to get our certificates and while we were walking to the front our favorite song would play in the background .
while i was walking the main theme of rocky was playing .
and when the highlight of the song came it changed to never gon na give you up
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
i feel like it should be possible to build it as a more viable alternate tank that can also use its summons in various ways to fill other roles .
similar to the eo5 dragoon i suppose but with more focus on roles other than just tank or dps depending on how you choose to build it .
hopefully an eo3u would have a summon row like eo5 so you can make use of a ninja and classes like wildling and yggdroid at the same time .
very true but i did n't necessarily mean kikau would score .
so long as he dived on it panthers would have ended up scoring anyway off the next play
but the first time you fish there you get a painting of a raft you can hang .
so there is a little treat for finding the spot .
what a story truly made me tear up at the end .
okay so my volume was full and the video was muted i think i lost my hearing yall
in that case you 'd need four bets instead of three .
i thought everyone caught on right away with just how toxic and how much keem can amplify things with his fans .
and how they can never stop until there 's damage .
did exactly this on the server i hosted for my friends and i a few months ago now some of them are almost leftist lol
jimmy pesto firebombed my restaurant and i now have nowhere to live or work .
we can have some nice things as a treat .
wow my wife just found a poor pup that could be her little brother almost identical except he has a white paw .
if this is a raid be sure to leave a comment with your in game name .
if the host adds you assume you are doing the raid and do not spam other posts please .
host please make sure to only add those who are doing the raid !
do not leave the raid with less than 20 seconds left !
after the raid is done add the remaining people that added you and then remove them to save your friends list space .
if you decline it they will be unable to add you in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongoraids if you have any questions or concerns .
my kids are going back next week at this point masks are not required and unfortunately our state passed a law that wo n't allow schools to mandate masks without state approval so our charter school 's hands are tied and all they can do is suggest to wear a mask .
at this point my 8 year old 's mental health has suffered significantly in the past year and a half .
he 's very social and thrives in school and i 'm sitting here realizing that he 100 will suffer if he does n't go to school he 's been in therapy the past year but is just so miserable and his behavior is horrid whereas it 's very unlikely that he will have severe covid symptoms even if he gets it so even though i 'm extremely anxious about it i 'm just taking a deep breath and sending him .
does n't help that his charter school does n't have an at home option so he 'd have to lose his spot at school and try to lottery back in next year if i pull him out which does n't seem logical given that he 'll be able to be vaccinated soon .
i really hope i do n't end up regretting my choice .
i feel for all of us that are trying to make this choice right now !
it 's a powerhouse it 's aggressive tanky pretty fast and has a big impact on the environment what else does it need lmao
took me a second to figure out the little brother '' part 
this submission was removed for breaking rule 3 reaction meme .
text-based reaction memes are only allowed on weekends saturday and sunday utc time https time.is/utc .
they are defined as any situation described in text followed by an image s showing that situation or the direct results of that situation .
a reaction meme removed under this rule may be posted on the weekend and will not count as a repost .
i am a bot and this comment was made automatically .
however this submission was removed manually by a member of the mod team .
if you have questions or concerns about this removal please contact the moderators through modmail .
he was in afghanistan and created al qaeda there i think one of american networks interviewed him before perhaps dan rather .
many smokers nowadays will stick by safety rules meaning shin guards headgear and 16 oz gloves especially if it 's your first few matches .
really a smoker is more akin to a hard sparring match rather then an actual fight but generally it ends up being more like an amateur fight .
it is completely normal to wear the gear you listed .
some areas will allow the 2 opponents to agree upon a ruleset and what gear they wear .
it wo n't be bad but its obviously not as nice as no headgear .
16 oz gloves and shin guards are pretty standard .
from all the events i 've seen/competed in the headgear is the only negotiable one generally .
concert is not that bad lol compared to other concert albums they 've put out since it 's not nearly as good but it did awesome here
so it would make no sense for them to send it by itself if it 's not meant to work with the old power brick .
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
it breaks rule 3 do not make multiple posts .
please wait at least 48 hours from your most recent post before posting again .
for more information about the subreddit rules make sure to read the sidebar and if you have any questions please message the moderators .
you can post again when your previous post r/art/comments/p3w4f7 is two days old .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/art if you have any questions or concerns .
did he/shi said refund me and i will remove the review '' ?
etsy might remove the review if this is the case .
i personally have n't played but i 've heard that it takes two is a fantastic co op game and a great entry point for gaming !
this video literally incorporates every no vax covid-related meme of 2020-2021 ... it 's just perfect
in an interview for radio new zealand 's saturday morning show conducted on april 28 2018 by kim hill paglia was asked are you a libertarian on the issue of pedophilia ?
to which she replied in terms of the present day i think it 's absolutely impossible to think we could reproduce the athenian code of pedophilia of boy-love that was central to culture at that time .
... we must protect children and i feel that very very strongly .
the age of consent for sexual interactions between a boy and an older man is obviously disputed at what point that should be .
i used to think that fourteen the way it is in some places in the world was adequate .
i think young people need greater protection than that .
this is one of those areas that we must confine to the realm of imagination and the history of the arts . ''
it would be higher but i 've been using my kids money to buy more amc stock .
my husband is a travel nurse and had 1.5 years experience when he started doing it back in 2016 .
he did the same thing why make staff wages when the travelers hired next to you make double plus much more now with covid .
i would n't worry about what you say in your resignation unless you do n't want to burn bridges .
but when he left they made it clear that they would n't want him back on staff there since he did n't stay two years and only gave two weeks notice yet they are still perpetually understaffed and constantly hiring travelers as is every hospital since they pay their staff nurses horrible wages .
definitely do it now with covid money rising again rates are going up but contracts are typically shorter right now and while you 're young/mobile .
we just had our first child so he 's having to stay closer now and be more picky about contracts .
if you have the mobility now is the time to chase the money .
everywhere is understaffed and needs help so you 'll be helping no matter where you go .
and what worse is that i just ate some of there cookie a couple days ago
my dad was cheap and did n't pay for expedited so they sent my passport and the citizenship certificate they wanted through usps .
we never got it and because of it i could n't get my learner 's permit when i turned 16 ... and getting a new citizenship cert and passport took forever .
just pay it 's really not worth the hassle ... not to mention the worry that there 's half a dozen wanna-be me 's out there somewhere q_q
phase 1 is open label you know that 's dose finding .
phase 2 you do n't know until either in blinding or cross over .
wanted an r4a as a backup rf camera and that 's at leica prices now .
skew-id '' is awkward and people who pronounce it like that instantly lose nerd cred .
i 'll cut a small 4x4 square using my multi tool only as deep as the gypsum and poke around to see what is inside there .
i 'm well versed in patching drywall so it 's an easy patch and low risk .
it will lower your cortisol and help keep your heart in rhythm .
he 's nothing more than a mouthpiece for govt spin .
josh always looks like trotting out whatever is today 's bullshit rather than a man who knows what he 's about to say is something he has thought about and actually believes .
i 'm sure he 's a nice guy but he 's manipulated by the actual lnp power brokers not necessarily those in govt .
i am in the literal process of building all my bowling muscles up after a 6 year hiatus first ball i threw pulled my hammy .
took a few days off from bowling started doing stretches and it helped tremendously i 'm 33 so i 'm starting to feel all those sports injuries from my younger days .
i can not stress enough how important it is to do some stretching .
try to stay as limber as possible your older self will thank you for it .
but as stated from others a good ball fit will help the most working on form and stretching exercises .
the more you bowl the more your body will tune those muscle groups you use for bowing .
just stay at it and good luck out there .
anyone know how the vote went after the comedy act ?
not even close to being the same thing but okay .
i literally asked a question no need to get all sensitive about it .
my least played profession is engi because i think elixirs are pretty uninspired .
not to mention they do n't offer much over kits which are supposed to make up for the engi 's lack of weapon choices .
for the necro i think elixirs are once again pretty uninspired but the necro 's other utilities are fun and their weapons are pretty cool which means it wo n't matter as much .
i find the boon support build option stands out the most so a few elixirs will get slotted in to fulfill that role .
i can see skills like epidemic signet of vampirism spectral ring well of power and a few minions being fun to include on your skill bar as they can offer some variety that elixirs ca n't .
i 've played a lot of all of the necro specs and little movement options like flesh wurm and spectral recall are all really fun .
but i will miss the utilities that scourge offers like sand swell and desiccate when i 'm playing harbinger as i think the punishment skills would be really fun to include as well .
are the build options they open up exciting to me ?
it 's just another bullet in the necro 's chamber .
it looks like your submission to r/india was removed because you have been using a link shortener .
due to issues with spam and malware we do not allow shortened links on this subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/india if you have any questions or concerns .
i put a grape up there once and it disappeared .
i have votto castellanos and castillo on my fantasy team so ive been actively rooting for you guys for a long time .
casty has become my favorite non dodger in baseball .
this will be your life if you stay with him .
just ... ..let it die ... ..no one things among us is funny anymore
in many parts of the world we are not very good at picking up trash or there is no system at all for collection .
there are places where rivers and ocean is just where the trash goes because there is no management .
this at least can help a lot of that plastic from reaching the ocean .
even trash in pretty clean areas ends up somewhere and can then travel down the watershed to rivers and oceans .
some places just need a little help to manage trash and recycle because they just do n't have the resources .
i think that 's another thing this project helps with in the local areas but i have n't read about that yet .
it would make sense that they are doing other things at the source to help the problem along with cleaning the rivers .
to be honest i like to have an independent analogue volume knob .
having windows sound below 20 simply feels wrong but it 's good to know and perhaps you changed my mind .
so a lot of it really just takes more practice so you know what can be tossed away without caring and what ca n't .
but really some of the biggest tips are premeasure ask what threat ranges units have and when you hold a mid field objective try not to cross onto the opponent 's half of the board .
as long as you hold the objective it does n't matter where you are in that 3+40mm bubble so you might as well be as far from the enemy as possible .
it 's also worth noting what units can and can not charge/move through buildings .
if it has the infantry beast or swarm keywords fly also is problematic but it 's kinda complicated you will need to screen out terrain too but stuff like bikers and cav use the terrain to your advantage
your post has been evaluated as an lfg post therefore it has been removed .
if you think this is a mistake please read through our rules https www.reddit.com/r/apexuniversity/wiki/rules then feel free to contact our mod team via modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fapexuniversity .
but we would love to see you post it in the lfg channel in our discord https discord.gg/7mjkypm server !
you can also go check out our friends at r/apexlfg to help find a group via reddit .
try different slots for a single stick then your last hope
it could be sunflower 's grandma or auntie working there for a while d
i have a very love/hate relationship with this game .
sometimes it 's the best game in the world other times i 'm losing my mind
although the gravitational force is extremely weak compared to the other fundamental forces its still a force .
also i never said gr and sr do n't have a strong relationship because they do.. obviously i said velocity time dilation is n't relevant for op 's question .
this is why they should do more official polls .
a couple of years back they once officially asked the community what they felt the wild format should be .
maybe they can even do it in game so everyone notices ?
it 's a shame the usa does not have a centralised free at the point of access ' health system that can create its own software app which will show your vaccine record .
silent hill for me.. not just that there is n't and wo n't be any new game the latest installments starting with the room '' were not even close to what silent hill used to be
8 weeks for the woman and after that the parents can decide if one of them wants to stay home for 12 months or if they divide the 12 months between each other
dude i have searched the whole subreddit and all links are invalid why do you keep revoking them xd
is khabib looking at tony with a disappointment or saddens of some sort ?
i think i may perhaps possibly love you as well
i noticed it today and entered to get a msi 3070 800 ... . but there was a 3060 for 400 .
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
i too asked a question where 's my motherfucking dividend ? i ask this daily .
it 's a sort of question i 'm not expecting anyone to answer .
if you really need an answer to your other question confirmation bias .
this is the only reason i 'm here at all .
to be certain i 'm not throwing my money into some rich dudes asshole .
they are trying to fix things it takes a while since its a huge mod .
do you have any specific complaints about recent updates ?
i mean she must have really been eyeing something with those binoculars
yeah ... you get used to being hurt in relationships as you get older ... definitely burns more as a teen .
here 's hoping this game still might turn out to be entertaining
i like joshua 's vids but you 're completely right his recipes are shit and impossible to follow .
i 'll have to try to find some pindo palm syrup and try it myself 
i wan na see 25 dollar premiums across the globe .
i think it 's a great looking bike and who knows.. maybe it would never break down on you .
but my objective opinion is a little old too many miles and too expensive .
but if you love the bike and know it 's a possibility that you will have to wrench on it then go for it .
grabows sell at humble price points but they have made good pipes for a long long time .
why would being peer reviewed in non medical journals make you a trusted source on medical matters dean ?
if you 're someone who believes in trusted sources '' than i 'm afraid we have a very different view of how to best arrive at the truth .
naturally we ca n't listen to every single person or read every single article and that 's when expertise comes into play .
if you think it 's a controversial subject that 's open to political manipulation censorship etc. then that 's an additional reason to try to understand as much of the material yourself as you can .
if two doctors disagree try to find out why .
is n't this is a discussion i should be having with somebody in medicine and not a random published author of non medical work ?
you should be having this discussion with many people .
none of your questions or concerns should be censored .
why are you wanting me to take the peer reviewed work of medical doctors and have a non-doctor tell me whether i can trust it ?
it 's nice to meet you dean i 'm razim
did you notice how i answered all your questions and you ignored mine ?
honest question do you think i should be banned and censored ?
i 'll bet good money that they 'll never tell her .
eventually the covid vaccine will become old hat news de-politicized and common .
a ton of vaccine hesitant and anti-vaxx people will develop amnesia and never cop to their former ignorant beliefs and ideas .
i highly doubt this woman 's tragic decision not to be vaccinated will ever be mentioned to this kid .
lmao now i just refresh every 5 seconds.. and i 'm shocked that 15 posts are posted every 5 seconds.. brought that down to 1 and i saw 7 .
i did not wan na sit through her seemingly coked up interpretation of the keem h3 events  the but i digress cracked me up .
i do n't know what turns me on more .
your body or the fact that you 're browsing the graphic novels section .
milne has been a very solid plug in the last month or so .
prefer him on the wing but he 's been doing his job in the centre 's
we have to theorise the birth of asteroids based on facts that we already have .
there is no way to measure it or make an experiment about it .
the problem is scientists theorizing based on known facts and often very few facts and then presenting those theories as facts .
when you have a theory that ca n't be tested it remains a theory and anything after that is not science .
my wife and i are in the same boat she 's pregnant with our first and we are n't sure if the hike is doable .
i use cardo packtalk bold with jbl speakers and i 'm very satisfied with them .
sound is great rechargeable battery lasts a long time and charges quickly .
i bought mine before i bought my new bike .
if i were to buy again i 'd most likely buy sena only because they 're the only brand that 's fully compatible with harley 's .
all other brands will only get mono sound from the bike .
streaming from your phone will still provide stereo sound to all brands but only sena provides stereo sound when the headset is connected to the bike instead of your phone .
i do n't use the communication functionality of the cardo with other bikers so i ca n't comment on how well the mesh functionality works .
i like it like i like bacon which is alot so .
pt called 911 right at front door of an er after being discharged because they did n't get pain meds still holding her belonging bags with the hospital logo on them .
the steel needles are slightly textured so they 're not quite as slick as other metal needles but much better than plastic or wood .
the signature red cables are a metal core with a plastic coating so they have zero memory .
just do n't get them on amazon there are a bunch of counterfeits .
already deleted the application but the icon is still there
if by we you mean americans then yeah i guess
i 'm just watching youtube vibing to parasite and i get a notification about this paragraph of a reply
and just out of curiosity why did you reply to my comment and not the post itself where it makes much more sense ?
also he would cut him in half horizontally and vertically ? ''
holy fuck dinucci is just panicking need to release him and bring someone else in to compete
you better watch your back the tentacult does n't easily forgive insults to the priestess .
if you love it you should 'check it ' all out !
made significant changes and now i 'm more at peace married and expecting .
oh fuck and i did n't think it could get worse then cheating but damn ... safemoon ?
the sound check for this is on youtube uncut .
great characters great art fantastic soundtrack and voice acting unique battle system .
i ca n't say enough good things about this game .
i ordered my shit on 6/20 m3sr white/white reno nv and i 'm seeing all of these mid-end july orders getting vin 's .
she can still say on tv this is the advice i have given and it was ignored .
if you going to do the job maintain your integrity .
the best part is when you see you have 160 stops then you get out there and have to pick up 40 packages they they did n't scan on your route
i do n't understand why there 's an nsfw tag on this .
bro just use the kick stand or lock it to something problem solved it 's just your mind playing tricks it 's very easy to do especially if your preexposed too this kind of mindset .
i used to be very spiritual and things like this terrified me .
i 'm an atheist now and do n't believe any of this stuff not trying to be a party pooper but if you 're genuinely losing sleep over this just think it over be logical i do n't think it 's fake does n't mean it 's not but you could be mistaken that 's all so keep your mind at peace you 'll be alright especially if you 're a nice person why would anything be mean and try to scare you would n't spirits wan na be nice ?
this was a staged photo after-the-fact to remedy the prior news bulletins .
nothing to see here boys just one of dem darn weather bloons
i 've not seen one bad price projection or analysis of ethereum .
there was at least one 98-100 match and 21 total matches some of which have been linked below for reference .
u/thud172 thu aug 12 2021 at 11:14:41 url https i.redd.it/ltdaiixsxvg71.jpg may be the wrong emoji ... https redd.it/p2xpke 1 removed 100
u/muhimest thu aug 12 2021 at 13:12:38 url https i.redd.it/ltdaiixsxvg71.jpg nice mim https redd.it/p2zk34 1 deleted 100
u/muhimest thu aug 12 2021 at 13:13:13 url https i.redd.it/ltdaiixsxvg71.jpg nice mime https redd.it/p2zkgz 1 deleted 100
u/isdelo37 thu aug 12 2021 at 13:31:18 url https i.redd.it/ltdaiixsxvg71.jpg cough cough https redd.it/p2zvu5 1 removed 100
u/special-wear-6027 thu aug 12 2021 at 13:33:42 url https i.redd.it/ltdaiixsxvg71.jpg title https redd.it/p2zxf8 1 removed 100
u/sourika thu aug 12 2021 at 14:20:51 url https i.redd.it/ltdaiixsxvg71.jpg be responsible https redd.it/p30tdy 1 removed 100
u/harsha29o7 sat aug 14 2021 at 02:55:33 url https i.redd.it/mwrd8jafn8h71.jpg i do n't think that 's the coughing emoji.. https redd.it/p400q9 1 deleted 100
u/minusonecat sat aug 14 2021 at 03:46:50 url https i.redd.it/nuz6v1rkw8h71.jpg if you are coughing please wear a mask https redd.it/p40s2j 1 deleted 100
u/_darkgod999 thu aug 12 2021 at 08:58:55 url https i.redd.it/jowv7mxc6wg71.png the cough emoji ... .. https redd.it/p2w0pc 156 removed 98
u/ea_viii fri aug 13 2021 at 18:17:35 url https i.redd.it/gc5hkpn036h71.jpg hmmmmm ... .. https redd.it/p3qvm7 2 removed 89
awww she 's so adorable and looks so sweet !
when it comes to the commentary team there were way too many cooks in the kitchen .
it 's the arguments after and the dealing with life situations that i disagree with .
it 's not the first time i 've gotten in this argument here and certainly will not be the last .
my condolences wish there were more things i could say or even do when it comes to such a thing .
is it me or does she look exactly how you would expect her to ?
any idea where all the pikpik went louie my boy ?
if someone can food on the table and improve their life by posting then i 'm all for that ! !
in the game you are trying to scape this randomly generate maze and i 'm running into a couple of hiccups specially on the html5 build .
when you start the game you select the maze size and then a maze is generated this slows down the game and the music starts to lag .
i expect this as it is creating the layout and all the rooms .
and then once you start when you move between rooms it slows down again here i am unloading the rooms that you no longer have access to and loading the ones that you can access .
if you play the web version you 'll understand both issues
i thought about using threads but i learned that the html5 export does n't support them .
any tips on how i can load things without slowing everything down ?
i could begin how can it be that such a thing is in the world that ferments like a chaos or moulders like a rotting tree and never grows to ripeness .
how can nature suffer this sour grape amid her sweet clusters ?
to the plants he says i too was once like you ! and to the pure stars i will become like you in another world ! meanwhile he breaks asunder and keeps practising his arts upon himself as if he could once it 's come apart put a living thing together again like a wall of bricks but it does n't even trouble him when nothing is improved by all his efforts what he works will always stay mere artifice .
oh you poor wights who feel this you who too are loath to talk of man 's vocation who too are gripped so through and through by the nothing that sways over us so clearly see that we are born for nothing what we love is nothing what we believe in is nothing that we grind ourselves down for nothing only to slowly pass over into nothing  can i help it that your knees give way when you take it all in ?
for more than once i too have been brought low in such thoughts and have cried out why do you lay the axe to my root cruel spirit ? and still i 'm here .
then everything above us was so beautiful so beautiful and blithe was all before us these hearts too welled over before the distant blissful phantoms and in bold exuberance our spirits too forged upwards and broke through the bounds and when they looked around oh woe all was endless void .
i can fling myself on my knees and wring my hands and beseech i do n't know whom ?
but i ca n't overcome it the screaming truth .
when i look into life what 's at the end of it all ?
when i soar in the spirit what 's at the summit of all ?
where then are your hundred arms your stairway to the fortress of the father of the gods so that you may climb up and cast down the gods at their table and all the immortal peaks of olympus and preach to mortal men stay below children of the moment !
do n't strive to scale these heights for there 's nothing up here.
and you yourself can leave off trying to see what sways the lives of others .
above you and before you all is waste and void and that 's because within you all is waste and void .
and indeed if you and others are richer than i you could at least help just a little .
if your garden 's so full of flowers why does their breath not rejoice me too ?
 if you 're so full of divinity give me to drink of it .
for no one starves at a feast not even the poorest of men .
but there 's only one who holds his feasts amongst you and that is death .
they sunder you they drive you together with blows .
hunger you call love and where you can see nothing more there dwell your gods .
oh the poets are right there 's nought so small and trifling that it ca n't be made the stuff of inspiration . '
note i know this is n't like the official or actual symbol for loki but rather a modern made one .
but that 's why i 'm curious as to how it came to be and what the meaning behind it is .
also is there any symbol for loki even if not actually for him but most commonly associated with him from the mythos ?
i picked up crypto earlier this year and have since then moved a fair amount of regular savings which have negative interest into some of the bigger crypto currencies .
starting out i bought bitcoin and eth on the revolut app on my phone .
over the next month i had bought crypto on binance and coinbase as well .
i spend some time with various smaller coins but ultimately decided to convert them into ada btc and eth which created alot of taxable transactions .
i didnt really give taxes any thought as i am often the type of person who sometimes just does things spontaneously and worry about the details later .
im beginning to feel like later is approaching and that i should start looking into settling the score with my government .
i live in denmark and dont know whether i need to pay tax on what i earned yearly or if i can wait it out and pay the tax when i someday hopefully sell it again at a gain .
is there some free app or website that could help me get started with this process so that i can begin calculating what i owe if not actually pay .
i realize this might have become a wall of text but i hope somebody can help me with this next necessary step in crypto ownership .
bought converted and sold alot of small 3000usd total crypto without any regard for taxable events .
i need to hear from alpha men why i should let men use to satisfy their lust .
send me voicemail or text at 9292650009 or kik me at lindseyy85
post to my story almost daily tell me what you think like showing off and only ask for encouragement in return .
so recently i found a really cool looking gun from classic firearms on youtube .
this is the video i 'm talking about fyi this is about real guns so remember that when watching the video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ot8h1mmhb7k https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ot8h1mmhb7k this video is about introducing a gun that they were giving out for free and i was shocked by the design .
the overall length stock trigger and using m4 magazines everything was perfectly what i was looking for .
unfortunately not all parts in real guns have been replicated into airsoft .
so currently i 'm trying to find parts that would convert a decent m4 airsoft gun into something that would look similar to the gun shown in the video .
so far these are the parts i 'm looking for handguard cool m-lok preferably around 10 '' outer barrel around 8 '' ?
suppressor to stick out a little bit around 4 '' ?
and stock apparently it 's called the lightweight '' style looking similar to a hook .
internals and triggers i 'll consider after customizing the externals .
so far i found these but they can be changed if anyone finds something better
the main gun which also has the stock i 'm looking for https www.airsoftgi.com/product/arcturus-ny03cq-10-m4-m-lok-aeg-airsoft-rifle-40831 https www.airsoftgi.com/product/arcturus-ny03cq-10-m4-m-lok-aeg-airsoft-rifle-40831
handguard which is actually from emg falkor ar15 blitz which has aps gearbox so chose not to get that gun .
still looking for a handguard that looks similar to the video 's .
preferably the length is between 10 '' and 12 '' for some part of long mock suppressor to fit in and inner diameter is at least 38mm to fit the suppressor i want to use https www.evike.com/products/79677 https www.evike.com/products/79677
stock just in case i go with a different airsoft gun https www.evike.com/products/46292 https www.evike.com/products/46292
i 'm swinging between these mock suppressors since one 's pre-order delivered next year wtf and other 's have design i like while having different length depending on the outer barrel i get .
opt 1 the pre-order one which i want the most https www.evike.com/products/64806 https www.evike.com/products/64806 opt 2 a mock suppressor i wanted before but now the oval kind of shape looks weird https www.evike.com/products/89251 https www.evike.com/products/89251 opt 3 small recharge-able tracer unit https www.evike.com/products/23276 https www.evike.com/products/23276 opt 4 just a mock suppressor that was on blitz https www.evike.com/products/79679 https www.evike.com/products/79679
for the outer barrel i have this in mind for now https www.evike.com/products/17095 https www.evike.com/products/17095 but if i buy this i need to get a smaller mock suppressor which i 'm not a big fan of .
i personally like having a long mock suppressor deep inside the handguard similar to honey badger gun ?
but i 'm just having trouble finding around 8 '' outer barrel .
even if i do find one it 's either out of stock or no black .
whoever read this and considered helping me thank you so much .
if not sorry for taking your time and i hope you 'll have a nice airsoft day !
also out of curiosity any way to make an electric airsoft gun to make less noise ?
i know gbbr and hpa might be just better in sound but i do n't want weather and temperature to affect my gun 's functionality .
what do we all thing of tommy 's new vlog channel because for one i love it
do n't include the person who said it so that people can guess who it was .
i 've made many a hasty wine selection because i 've felt the stare of the sommelier bearing down on it '' .
is there a way to check when i 'm getting the interview appointment ?
i 'm willing to pay but i ca n't even find it on itunes or google play .
i 'm dying to be able to watch this !
hey guys sorry if this is not the right place to ask but i do n't know what to do .
as i said in the title my boyfriend is worrying me because of some concerning things he has admitted to me and other things i have seen but he keeps telling me to not worry or that it is nothing and refuses to visit the doctor .
is a little silly of me but i know that these things can mean something is wrong and i really just want him to go and get checked so i can feel better if it is nothing but i also do n't want to scare him .
he has been losing a lot of weight in the past few months and his face and arms and legs all seem thinner .
i do n't know if he just is n't eating enough or anything but he seems to be eating normally when we eat together which is most of the time .
he is constantly exhausted and he never sleeps enough .
i know this really bothers him but he just brushes it off most of the time .
a few months ago he was stressed and was only sleeping a few hours a night and he confided in me that he has been sleeping like this for years because he feels like he has bugs crawling on him or like he is vibrating inside and he wakes up again even when he falls asleep .
a few times when we have been together he has woken up with really cramped legs and arms and he has also woken me up because he is crying and has made a sound about it .
i feel so bad for him because there is n't anything i can do and he looks really tired he 'll sometimes fall asleep in the day or just stand there swaying like he 's going to fall asleep or he 'll be walking and always stumble over nothing or walk into stuff like he 's too tired to even walk or he is so tired he just blanks out in conversations and does this long unblinking stare straight through me .
the thing that made me more scared though was that i noticed a few months ago that he will often be a bit twitchy and his arm and hand are really weird his hand looks like it is twisting or his finger will vibrate when he is just sat there .
i 've caught him watching it happen but then he will try to hide it from me .
whenever i ask him he just says that it is nothing at all or that he is tired .
he keeps fumbling his cutlery or spilling drinks and he always looks so embarrassed i can see him concentrating a lot and he wo n't admit that he ca n't keep steady and just gets annoyed when i ask him if he is ok .
he seems so unhappy and even if he is just tired i really think he should see if he can get anything to stay asleep .
a little bit of me is really worried that it could be serious and is always thinking the worse case scenario like what if he has a disease ?
and then what if he has a problem and he knows but wo n't tell me ? ''
and i feel bad that i think about it constantly when we are together especially since i also think that i might just be worried over nothing and he is right .
i am just making him irritated when i try to ask him to consider seeing a doctor or even hinting that it might be a problem .
i do n't want to upset him but i also feel a bit upset that he is ignoring me and being stubborn .
what should i do i am pretty confident that i 'm literally right but i do n't even know .
tldr i think my boyfriend has something wrong with him but he wo n't listen to me or talk to me about it and he wo n't go to the doctor .
should i do something or am i being annoying and irrational ?
every single time without fail when i become lucid this little old lady with a red purse and cross will charge me .
it 's so annoying and it wakes me up every time .
some definitely made me laugh and i appreciate the advice .
next time i become lucid i 'm going to try out the advice .
i was in a small town shopping when i noticed someone oddly familiar.. with a red purse specifically.. and suddenly i was lucid .
without missing a beat her neck snapped to look at me .
there she was in all her glory charging at me like an angry gorilla and screaming heretic as loud as her old floppy lungs could manage .
after intense hours of training which consisted of falling asleep and trying to grow balls so i do n't get scared of a little old lady i knew i could take her on .
she flicked out her knife from her iron cross necklace and lunged at me .
i started to lose lucidity and almost woke myself up .
but no i would not allow myself to lose .
instead i screamed heretic right back at her as loud as i could and imagined a sonic blast coming in strong waves from my mouth .
so basically you take a shot for each ch-ch-ch-ha-ha-ha and two shots for each time you see a woman 's boobs on screen .
do this while binge watching all the movies for maximum fun .
it 's 2 am here it 's hot af and i ca n't sleep .
this means it 's time to ask dumb questions .
why is fremione fred and hermione a popular '' ship ?
other reasons besides that hermione is shipped with basically every character in the books and yes there 's some wild stuff going on with her .
did i miss some hidden stuff in the books ?
what did fred do to become more interesting than others ?
did they even talk to each other besides the dialogue in gof before the twins try to put their names in the goblet of fire ?
does anyone know what white paint to get to make it match ?
and is there a specific kind of brush or anything thsgd preferable ?
the pandemic had been hard but you kept catching breaks .
you lost your job but at least the feds increased unemployment pay .
even with the increase in unemployment after a couple months you could n't afford rent but at least there was the eviction moratorium .
now the moratorium is coming to an end but your landlord has been understanding and is willing to work something out .
at first you think it will be a discount on rent in exchange for doing more around the house you rent mowing the grass so he does n't have to take a saturday to drive over and do it or painting the outside and staining the deck so he does n't have to pay someone else to do it you know little things .
he wants to alter your contract to include a free-use clause '' .
he can come to your house at any time and use your body however he wants .
he can wake you up in the middle of the night to fuck you interrupt a phone call with your sister to put his cock down your throat or bend you over the kitchen counter while your dinner burns in the oven .
fit and young mature and curvy nerdy and cute or a tomboy with short hair ?
a big ass and a rack to match or small tits and a tight butt ?
kinks i 'm looking for in this prompt are rough sex free use creampies throatpies and dirty talk .
i 'll also mention that the exact situation can be flexible .
maybe instead of your landlord i 'm an older brother letting you live in my apartment or maybe you could have been homeless and i 'm letting you live with me in exchange for the sex .
i 'm open to other possibilities and i look forward to seeing your orange envelopes !
then edit your question after i respond to make me look bad
not sure whats going on ill enter my bank card to buy eth and get a code but then it basically times out .
have tried twice now did i just lose my money ?
i ca n't make it to the screen to enter the code its just the loading screen for 10 mins .
i 've bought in before and never had an issue i 'm just at a lose on what 's happening and worried i lost my money i intend to use to invest .
currently watching s8e8 and it reminded me of two recycled storylines .
benton and weaver both both having the biological mothers of their children die and then having to fight for custody .
torrential downpours causing children to get caught/lost in flooding i.e .
doug saving the boy early on in the series and in this current episode a patient 's brother lost in a flood .
curious to see if there are others that anyone else can think of !
i 've seen this sub talking a bunch about how warzone is invading our game .
i 27f just realized i 'm bisexual earlier this year though i can see clues stretched out throughout my past and truly once i made the discovery i feel like my attraction switched from men to women overnight .
for a few months now i have been primarily attracted to women and it 's weird to me that i 'd only registered myself as hetero not that long ago .
i think i made the discovery relatively late in life so it 's hard to know if i am in a bi-cycle swing or if i 'm actually primarily attracted to women .
i do n't know if this is just me but i find pikmin 2 to be very detailed and well crafted compared to pikmin 3 including the deluxe version .
to explain firstly each treasure collected is easily recognizable while also having references to some of nintendo 's history and popular brands .
this adds a layer of discovery that appeals to the player when they recognize a reference or a brand .
secondly olimar is a lot more personable compared to the 3 captains of pikmin 3 and feels like a friend to the player .
another thing would be difficulty even with the ultra-spicy mode added to 3 deluxe it is still nothing compared to the strategy involved in pikmin 2 .
things like the combat system being more complex with certain enemies reactions being quicker and harder to dodge are examples of this .
of course there are the quality of life improvements that were brought in pikmin 3 however i feel like slightly less polished controls actually add a layer of strategy that makes me more immersed .
overall i love pikmin 3 and in no way mean to say it 's bad i just feel like pikmin 2 is so much more innovative and personal to it 's player .
let me know what you think about these two games .
i used to get colds constantly but now it seems like colds have been replaced by 10 day waves of the same cfs-like symptoms .
i know cfs is often a result of one big viral infection .
this was not my experience it came on slowly and in waves .
i 've been living with these waves for 4 years and now i 'm wondering could my cfs be triggered by any and all exposures to viruses even when somehow my body never lets any infections take hold ?
and by the way until quarantine i was working at a tutoring center face to face with sniffly teens all the time so i had a lot of exposures .
since covid quarantine i 've had no cfs waves .
that is until two weeks ago when a roommate came down with a mild head cold and suddenly all of my old symptoms returned .
i have n't been able to find anything on this so i thought it would be interesting to see if anyone else can relate or know what 's up .
also btw i 've had the standard gamut of tests for autoimmunity etc .
liptak lawyers are specialist criminal lawyers adelaide https liptak-lawyer.com.au/criminal-lawyers-adelaide .
i 've been dealing with this issue where i ca n't change my reticle .
i 've uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times and it is n't working .
if anyone knows what i can do i 'd greatly appreciate it if you would tell me .
just discovered this series and loved it want to know is anything real or just a hoax
sumi fan here because she 's the most unproblematic character here but let 's be real this anime will be boring as fuck without mami nanami .
i 'm thinking about setting up a gloryhole at my apartment and could use some advice .
i could easily put up a barrier at the entrance to the hallway .
but the guy would have to cross the living room and i do n't particularly want them having access to my stuff .
so i was thinking something to block the view to the rest of my apartment like so https imgur.com/a/9lr3xjh .
maybe something like this https www.dormco.com/productdetails.asp ? productcode=dlm-b2597k010sl click=107585 ?
the second idea is just creating a little area https imgur.com/a/lnv1bbi at the main entrance .
but what would i make the barrier out of ?
a few days ago the girl i 've been for seeing for around a month told me she loves me .
the next day we spent together she kept talking about her exes and not just like small stories of them details i did n't want to know about them fucking .
i 've told her in the past that i 'm insecure and do n't want to hear about that .
she left and we talked things over later that night and got to a seemingly good place .
the next few days she completely ignored me saying she needed space and did n't want drama .
but it felt like the drama came from her not talking .
she was supposed to be having a party yesterday which i was uninvited from because it was just a small thing for her housemates friends which i thought was fair enough .
instead tho me and a few friends who were also supposed to be going to he party bump into her and her outside of a pub where she completely ignored my existence and even ran away from me she 's adamant that she did n't but she did .
i did n't take that too well and admittedly blew up a little bit .
this morning she broke things off with me because apparently there 's now another guy she 's interested in .
but has since said she wants to keep seeing me and also explore things with him
i really like her i was definitely falling in love but i feel like i 've been made to feel a bit worthless .
my only options are do n't speak to her or speak to her and wait around while she 's off with some other guy .
i do n't really know what the point of this post is i 'm upset and i dont want to lose her and just needed to vent .
if anyone has some kind or wise words i would very much appreciate it
i just started cross country about a month ago and after a run with a big hill my right hip started hurting a lot .
it hurts right above my right hip and gets worse when i put pressure on that leg .
this was about 2 and a half weeks ago and i do n't think it ever completely recovered .
most of the time i could barely feel it when running so i almost forgot about it .
then about a week ago we had a mile time trial and after that my hip pain got a lot worse .
i have been taking a break for a few days now but i 'm not sure if i should extend my break and see a doctor .
i 'm pretty slow right now and i have my first 3-mile race in a little over 3 weeks so i really want to get back to practice but i do n't want to risk worsening my injury .
any tips or stretches to help fix this would be appreciated !
does the presence ability of a venture can be activated trough videos pre recorded or in a live video ?
to start off i have kept my bulimia a secret from my family and friends so this is the only place i can talk about it .
when i was a kid i loved food so much .
i never had my parents restrain me and what 's worse i had a terrible childhood my father got abducted our house got burned down by a militia and so food was my comfort and coping mechanism .
i had a neighbour and a close friend of the same age who shared my love for food and we used to visit each other 's houses to try different foods .
by the age of 10 i started getting bullied in school .
once my dad was located he was n't himself anymore .
he abused me often ridiculed me for my body shape and i had one escape junk food .
i did n't develop good oral habits as no one insisted on me to brush my teeth regardless of how tiring that was .
i also bit my nails often and my dad kept giving me hell for that .
this continued until i left the country for canada at the age of 15 somewhere in the middle east just do n't wan na say where .
to make matters worse we essentially fleed from the middle east most of our assets are back home so we were practically poor .
i went to high school here and my anxiety went through the roof .
i had immense self-loathing that ate away at me for 4 years .
oddly enough this self-loathing helped me punish myself by starvation to lose weight .
besides we were poor so it just worked out financially .
at the age of 17 i became another person .
my mom had left canada for 5 months and after she returned she just cried once she saw me .
in a way she was happy i got over my obesity but in another way she was very sad that i looked so starved and my face looked exhausted all the time .
i worked at tim hortons physically exhausting usually for 8-12 hours a day 1-2 shifts per day 6 days a week .
one time i decided to treat myself for a nice meal at a fancy restaurant since i had saved a lot of money .
that feeling of being full was not right to me .
the very first purge was painful difficult and messy .
however after i did it i felt relaxed clean and thin '' again .
on my way back home i thought i found the best of both worlds .
i had n't used food to cope for a while but my depression and loneliness was at an all time high so opening that nostalgic door was very tempting especially then that i had my solution purging .
over 2 years of purging i learned which foods to avoid as they were impossible to purge and techniques that made purging easier i.e .
drink water to clean up everything until i feel the stomach acid .
i can push food up from my stomach to my mouth effortlessly .
sometimes you can catch me suddenly chewing after eating .
anyway at the age of 20 i felt very desperate as i had loose skin due to fast weight loss .
however i did n't think or know it was loose skin .
despite having a normal bmi i sometimes say i 'm obese and my friends give me a very strange look .
i obsess over calories on menu items and they ask me why i do that .
my social life has gotten much better this year at the age of 21 the pandemic and lockdowns made me crave people and socializing so i have been taking care of my appearance and putting myself out there .
however last week i visited a dentist last time was in 2015 .
he immediately recognized the signs of my bulimia and told me i 'm at a junction point .
while my teeth enamel is worn down and wo n't recover and i have a lot of cavities he said all is fixable but you need to start right now .
he said if i kept up with my bulimia they 'd have to extract all of my teeth at some point .
now i brush my teeth floss rinse with mouthwash at least 3 times daily .
i have been staying away from acidic drinks and trying to reign in my bulimia .
i have brought down my binge/purge cycles from 3 times a day to 0-1 times per day .
however i 'm beginning to learn how to reign it in .
there is nothing to purge if i do n't binge .
it 's easier said than done but i 'm making progress .
i 'll have a bunch of fillings but it 's very expensive .
my insurance is set to expire in september and my current job does not offer coverage for student interns so i will have to stop purging and take care of my teeth until next year i return to school and my insurance resumes .
i am sharing this because i genuinely feel scared about this life transition and excited at the same time because it could mean i 'll recover .
if you are new to this please find a way out as soon as you can because it is n't pleasant .
and it will cost you more than the food .
the dental care the time the agony ... it 's just too much .
if you are in the middle of it please think deeply about it .
if you 're recovering stay strong and let 's support each other .
i understand your suffering and it hurts like hell when you ca n't share it with your loved ones because of how ashamed you feel .
has anyone played it is it decent without server connection ?
i know 18 and 19 do n't get cutscenes but i was hoping 17 will .
i saw this question on a pinside forum thread but i think it was before mando was out .
i 'm just starting to watch the mandolorian show itself i know i 'm a bit late to the party and i 'm really enjoying it however i feel like jurassic park is such a challenge and there 's so much to do !
im set on placing a preorder this week but i keep going back and forth .
jp is hard and can be frustrating at times and mandolorian has a great flow and is easy to get a multiball going too .
but at the same time there is so much charm to the moving trex munching on the pinball .
i 'm leaning towards jp because of the challenge the escape nublar mode and the fact that it 's been in sterns lineup for longer .
the big positives for me as far as mando is the fact that i think mando is a bit easier to shoot and that upper play field is so damn satisfying .
this would be my first at home pin other than an arcade 1 up afm vpin .
gaijin please it 's a 10.0 spaa that ca n't take out helicopters and has trouble even killing bombers .
buff this or give italy an spaa that is n't entirely garbage .
i 'm a 15 year old sophomore in high school and almost everyone seems to like me .
my jokes always get a laugh people talk to me at school everyone i 've asked directly has said i 'm great and yet i go days without a single message and often a few weeks without getting invited to do anything .
it 's clearly not my personality given how people act around me at school so what am i doing wrong ?
i like dogfart network digital playground blacked and brazzers .
my favorite female pornstars are lisa ann ariella ferrera alexis fawx rebecca moore riley reid and many more .
my favorite male performers are danny d rico strong keiran lee jordi mandingo and prince yashua .
i will be starting ncsu next week and just want sex positive friends and those into porn .
i also want to get up with a couple that is willing to have sex while i am watching naked either masturbating or wearing a chastity belt .
i am also wanting to eat the cum off of her weather if it is in or outside of her .
in ihrer neusten doku youtube https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=xcngirt4aei begleitete reporter einen tag lang den 23-jhrigen bundestagskandidaten aaron spielmanns .
dieser mchte ohne politische vorerfahrung direkt in den bundestag einziehen und eines tages bundeskanzler werden .
in der doku trifft er unter anderem auch seinen konkurrenten von der cdu der empfiehlt zunchst wertvolle erfahrungen in der regionalpolitik zu sammeln .
as per the title if you needed to take out money on a house in about three to four years ' time would you put the bulk of it in vanguard now and make regular contributions ?
it 's such an awkward time period between long and short-term it feels both risky and like i 'm missing out .
i already have about 1 million from these few days and i was curious if anyone else had that much as well ?
fuego vs sammy was so much fun and that speech that eddie gave was fantastic .
just want to know i 'm not alone in thinking it was a really fun show .
not as good as prison break but that 's not a fair comparison .
for me it was a coin called plexcoin back in 2017 .
i had just started investing in crypto and saw this ad of a coin that was supposed to be the shit with a return of 1354 which sounded awesome for a noob like me .
the project was later shut down by the sec and i never saw those money again .
here 's an up-to-date list of all my nosleep stories .
lore stuff not necessary to enjoy anything but there if you want it !
you can find my first published collection here https www.amazon.co.uk/100-unfiltered-nightmare-fuel-russell-ebook/dp/b09g3f45xk/ref=tmm_kin_swatch_0 ? encoding=utf8 qid=1638359706 sr=8-1
i was a crime lord in 1970 's london .
when the time comes do n't believe your local news there 's no such thing as spontaneous human malnutrition .
my cop husband found a cursed statue at a crime scene .
my son was corrupted by an old man now i 've lost everything .
do n't try and find dorothyrescue.mov i fucked up majorly by watching it .
i threw his lunch in the trash now the quiet kid has it out for me https www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/q4ymy0/i_threw_a_kids_lunch_in_the_trash_now_the_quiet
if you 're reading this tell my dad he 's a prick .
i do n't think my boss took my resignation well lmao .
we unearthed a time travellers ship at an archaeological dig .
i popped the biggest zit i 've ever seen .
if god is merciful then i am only insane .
there 's a waterslide in the middle of the north sea .
the case that made me give up being a private investigator .
i wish i 'd told jimmy 's parents how he 'd died .
i spied on my grandma in the shower when i was a kid .
someone tell the army to drop a bomb on my house .
if you find my camera do n't email me the damn footage .
we made too much noise in the library and i 'm the only one left to warn you .
the nightingale hospitals were n't for covid-19 https www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/ovhhiv/the_nightingale_hospitals_werent_for_covid19 ? utm_source=share utm_medium=web2x context=3
since it 's summer rn just a reminder that your relatively new scars are actually pretty sensitive to sunlight .
i learned this the hard way yesterday and owww my shoulders hurt .
stale nuts is searching for a reliable active member !
levels range 22-63 and we are willing to work with anyone who is active and takes an interest in learning .
a few things to note we expect you to attack during ops earn intel follow base notes and to be working towards an mostly red/purple statue setup no green minimal ice and to emphasize offensive upgrading over defensive .
we love to learn we love to boom and we most certainly love to have a good time !
a fun active and knowledgeable family is waiting for you here so come check us out !
just finished my first playthrough of tno and will go into tnc next .
overall one of the best fps games except one huge flaw .
i remember reading that it was meant to be difficult so when i kept failing after 2-3 hours i assumed i just suck at kbm still new to kbm gaming .
so finally decided to look at reddit saw this post https www.reddit.com/r/wolfenstein/comments/a9xn0l/cant_beat_the_new_orders_final_boss and beat it in the next first attempt .
that no damage animation really went over my head and i feel it could have been designed better .
anyways i am glad i got into this series .
made me feel like i was in 90s action movie and as a millennial in 30s it was just perfect .
this gameworld has been going for quite some time now and experienced various events and quests with no issues .
however suddenly it started crashing straight to the desktop with no warning and no error .
it happens at the same exact point each time in the save and i 've even loaded earlier saves and they also crash once they arrive at the same point .
i have tried removing mods to pinpoint the issue but some mods when removed caused the save to not load at all or to freeze upon loading so the game is unplayable with certain mods removed .
i have been at this for a while but i do not understand coding language very well .
edit i have found that disabling vanilla events extended '' fixed the issue .
one of the events is probably bugged causing the crash .
summarizing what i learned here in the last couple months
since carbon plated shoes will make you faster everyone should get them regardless of your pace
despite tons of reviews of various of supershoes you should still get a pair of vaporfly
when it comes to zoomx i do n't talk about quality
any shoes short of 40mm stack height are going to be not fun
energy return is equal to soft and bouncy but primarily soft as long as somewhat responsive
i need 5 pairs of speed shoes and 1 pair of daily trainer
even though i have a 6-shoe rotation i still want my fast day shoe to be able to do long run and my recovery shoe to be able to pick up pace somewhat
oh almost forget for newbies who just started running and the last pair of running shoe is converse chuck you should cut to the chase and go straight to the endorphin speed .
i joined this subreddit about 3-4 weeks ago and it has helped me tremendously for support .
knowing i 'm not alone in this is relieving .
i have been wanting to share my story but scared and nervous .
i 'll start with a little background of myself i suppose .
i suffer from depression panic disorder anxiety and social anxiety disorder .
i always figured that the root of my mental illness was my parent 's divorce and not having my father present for most of my life but unfortunately i learned that it is way deeper than that .
my father is a narcissist and my therapist validated it 2 weeks ago .
it is an odd feeling knowing he is the root of my problems and it 's repulsive discovering that my siblings and i have been emotionally abused since we were kids by him .
i have absolutely no memory of a lot of my childhood and it makes me angry .
these memories are what i need in order to heal properly .
i have never had a great relationship with my father and i have tried so many times to work on it .
he always ends up behaving like a pos or a child .
he always has something negative to say about myself or the rest of my family especially my mom .
two weeks ago my sister in law was visiting from virginia and she wanted to visit my father before leaving .
i did n't really feel like going to see him at the time and had a huge terrible feeling about it but i decided to go anyways .
it had been about 4-6 months since i last saw him and i do n't go see him by myself ever so i figured it would be the best time to see him .
i also would like to add that my older sister has always said he had narcissistic traits and i never wanted to believe it .
so the plan was to have dinner at a restaurant and to be at his house between 7:30-8:00pm .
i work late and i waited until my boyfriend was out of puppy training with my dog milo .
keep in mind my father knows i work late and do n't have a set time to leave .
i work at an extremely busy private medical practice so it always varies .
so finally we are on our way he lives in south central los angeles which is not the closest either from where i stay .
anyways my sister-in-law messages him that we are on our way .
we finally call him when we are 10 minutes away and i could already hear him yelling to my sister in law and being disrespectful .
right before they hung up my sis-in-law says okay i 'll tell her. it was at that moment that i knew the night was ruined but i tried to stay calm about it .
so what did he tell her about me you ask ?
well he told her that he was not going to be waiting around all day for me to eat because he was hungry .
i wanted to leave but i felt bad because i know my sis-in-law wanted to see him .
so i gave him the benefit of the doubt and of course i ended up disappointed !
anyways we meet him at his business where he said he was at to pick him up which is not even 5 min away .
the audacity that this man has to throw a tantrum in front of my boyfriend and sister-in-law .
he was standing about 10 feet away and my sister-in-law asked him to come and if he was going to get in the car .
he ignored her again like a little boy that he is .
i apologized to both of them for my dad 's behavior .
he could n't have waited for us to eat or have a snack .
it was a waste of time gas and i ended up hurt .
it was that moment i realized that my sister was right .
it has been about 3 weeks or so since that night and no text phone call or apology .
i have been processing it with the help of my therapist .
i made the choice to completely cut him off .
what makes this worse is that it reminds me of all the times he was late in the past .
he is always late to everything even if it is something important or wo n't show up at all .
if it 's not important to him it does n't matter .
my little brother got married 2 years ago and guess what time my father arrived .
the next day he calls me to complain about my uncles from my mom 's side because nobody talked to him and that never to invite him again .
the day was about my brother and his wife and he made it about himself .
keep in mind my father cheated on my mom multiples times and left us .
my uncles know all the damage he has caused of course they are n't going to talk to him .
i always wanted my father to walk me down the aisle and have our father daughter dance .
i 'm seeing my therapist every week and she 's amazing .
my boyfriend is so supportive and i think i will heal from this .
i feel powerful and my father will not have that hold of me anymore .
i used to look in the mirror and hated myself .
i had severe body dysmorphia and had self-esteem issues .
now i look in the mirror and i do n't see my father .
i am my own individual and he no longer has control of me .
we can all get through this trauma and heal .
just wondering if there are any auto shops that can install parts on your car for you .
thinking of getting some parts of my suspension replaced and ordering the replacement parts online .
just hoping an auto shop can install them for me .
i do n't think it 's necessary though for this particular stage .
i used to drop fake medical kites on people saying they need anal exams and shit
whatever low-level peon runs their twitter without any adult supervision is probably set up for a massive pump and dump next week .
use twitter to pump the apes cash in then disappear before anybody at gamestop corporate has a clue what 's going on .
brb going to find a job as a twitter guy .
i 've seen issues with players not getting spawned into tournament games .
i 've heard it helps to close out the game application and reopen it before starting a tournament .
also watch the brackets and if it takes a while to start the next tournament match or you see that the next game has a goal scored for either team ... close the game out and restart you should be able to join back in to the tournament match .
hope this helps i know it can be super frustrating esp in tournaments .
you fire off 5 rage filled comments followed by no skin off my back .
hahaha clearly this thread has been a little too emotional for you and thats ok but the high road has been left behind you about 3 insults ago .
album definitely pulls at the heart strings considering his passing .
i 'm assuming you are referring to weapon malfunctions .
while they obviously can happen and the idea is realistic that does n't mean you should put it into a video game .
having an rng mechanic like that just makes bullshit deaths it does n't add any interesting or fun gameplay .
what you 'll find if you have n't already is that these forums have a surprisingly large proportion of folks who talk d d but do n't play it for a myriad of reasons .
this lends itself to little cyclones of hot air drafts of conjecture and gusts of theory crafting .
neither are entirely invalid but both pale next to years of tried-and-tested play at the table whether that table is virtual or made of solid oak .
5e is great in many ways far more than it is n't .
it 's also great for pulling the game so far into the quasi-mainstream that the communist is buzzing !
and i certainly do n't begrudge new players ' passion for the game it 's a positive thing but some can be quick to lecture others about how to play the game despite having only 5e exposure .
it 's a bit much when some players have played several or all editions .
there 's no law or decree that all the connotations players have from those versions must be cast out and the new game order must take their place .
you are n't a bad dm '' because a pc died at 2nd level .
i do n't notice anybody saying it 's a bad player if their pc dies at 2nd level  and it 's the player in control of the pc .
dms do n't or at least should n't kill pcs a combination of poor player decision-making and plain crappy dice luck kill pcs .
if a dm 's preference is to play by the book shun rolls-fudging and respect player agency fully whatever happens happens .
i 've observed a trend across the years and editions where pc death has gone from being expected with good humour to being an oh drat again ! ?
moment in good faith to being just about tolerated  provided the dm has the grace and foresight of 'warning ' players that a game in which things die might also include the players ' characters eyeroll .
this is fisher price d d and not a direction i would support .
all pcs have a shelf life whether or not its player understands that .
if they want to play a game where death is n't a possibility maybe try monopoly or something .
i jest and exaggerate somewhat with that but it 's coming to something when us dms are expected to warn players that something that could happen could happen .
in any event do n't let the negative folks here weigh you down .
and it 's not one bit about a 'right ' or 'wrong ' way to play the game .
but what you 'll also probably notice is that those who espouse that mantra loudest and most often are those quickest to tell others  like you  that you 're playing the game 'wrong ' .
the republicans are a bunch of far right commies ! !
yoga was pretty good kevin smith movie he has n't made a movie i really hate..
a lot of people will disagree with me and there are obviously varying levels of responsibility involved but i personally place most of the blame on the the government that allows addiction and the social inequality that leads people down the path of using and distributing to run rampant .
there are so many factors involved in these issues mental healthcare the war on drugs and big pharma just to name a few .
these are all extremely complex and there 's no easy solution to any of them but they do need to be addressed by the people in charge and many of them simply do n't care or are taking money from the industries that profit off addiction .
the vaccination/pandemic situation is different in a lot of ways and i do think that people who refuse to get vaccinated are selfish and ignorant but those people definitely do n't deserve to die and are also the inevitable conclusion of governments that openly deny science spread misinformation and actively hinder any efforts to contain the spread .
but vlad jr. would be mvp in almost any other year except this one .
still if there was still any debate i think having ohtani strike out vlad jr. ends it .
actually bullseye just got a switch game so now there are two good games .
y'all are falling for the thing again where you think them venting about gameplay means they 're voting one of their out .
stop falling for it y'all do it every time lmao
my generator slab works just fine with my minors armor haste 2 and stonk pic .
teleporter pads and lava on one side water on the other side hoppers below .
still works dandy ... . do n't think they did anything .
true fog of war maps would make that difficult to know .
overall i agree having a notification of some kind would be helpful .
on a side note has anybody else noticed that people go offline near the beginning of games .
man murdered his two children with a spear gun .
he was infatuated with qanon and claimed his wife gave them lizard dna and that he was saving the world from monsters .
can they please get that high school drama club who did the alien play to show-run this production ?
there 's a reason why workers work for other people .
it 's because the people who created the business are better than they are .
who would you fuck if you had to fuck someone ?
also in tota luke runs up a wall and attacks asch and causes a hyper resonance he never did that in-game until tales of the rays that is .
the easiest one to publish will be the one that you want to do .
if you make writing decisions based on what might be marketable your writing will be crap .
you want to read a novella or do you want to read a graphic novel ?
that 's the one it 'll be easier to get published .
ok you seem pretty concerned about wages and healthcare .
so how do you propose fixing those and how do you intend on paying for it ?
you seem to think that my idea is being financed by public funds i do n't know why given the fact i never at any point mentioned that and if anything was to the contrary where i noted that  would  they unit with features based on what they 're willing to pay and that the structure would be  funded ...
oh and  healthcare would n't be failing if people were n't sick with chronic conditions ...
the ones that tend to be preventable and are lifestyle driven .
things that cheap housing can help reduce as people can make better food choices as the host have more money .
well in my neck of the american woods you just used the new king james version which is a perversion of the true god-inspired king james version .
thus you 're going to hell for using the wrong bible .
if you use anything but the king james you 're a heretic https twitter.com/ifbsermons/status/1347003308855205889 .
this is probably the most uber-conservative uber-traditional sect of american christianity and they 're probably the only american christians who give even a passing thought on what version of the english bible you use .
but i was raised in this and it 's one of the things of my upbringing that i love to cathartically shit on .
i ran a pair of e rated tires at 45 psi .
if they are similar ply amount to stock i 'd probably just go with the door sticker still .
if you put vinegar in there it might clear them up
the odd thing is that lucas did n't just get lucky with star wars .
american graffiti was a massive hit that came out of nowhere and helped to establish the trend for '50s nostalgia that would become huge in the '70s .
it was n't just impressive for arriving at the right time but also cemented several other trends within film heavy use of licensed music the where are they now ? ''
epilogue cards and placing extensive credits at the end .
cdc is only in the us so it has nothing to do with israel .
i have people in canada say ... .it 's not fda approved  fda do n't approve canadian vaccine and it is fully approved in canada .
i think that is kind of a matter of opinion .
i consider lr to be 600yds to 1760yds beyond that i consider it to be elr .
like that was proven to be fake long ago .
yup yup they 're the next generation of andrenaline running smiling dogs of the wild and i respect em for that
so are you looking to do a zine which is just going to involve going to staples printing your first copy then running it through the copier ?
or an art book with nice professional printing and binding ?
my cat used to eat my wool while knitting .
i mean of all the people to get babe is a pretty good one .
you 've got a very pretty little asshole i 'd love to have a taste 
fiction is being able to craft a believable lie do better .
was that kid just sucking the sugar off a sour patch kid ? !
elite time tourism coop name plasmodeus 3d 21hrs left 19 spots left 63o eb of the highest earner edit from 1.1o 831q current projection
i meal prep so i have an idea about what and when to eat
currently we are only accepting users with accounts older than 2 days .
please take this time to familiarize yourself with the rules https www.reddit.com/r/actrade/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/actrade if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's not much elemental about competitive heroes these days .
with the new destiny support the deck is losing even more of its origin identity of e-heroes on the main facebook hero group a lot of players already cutting out stratos and e-call completely or running them as one of 's and focusing more on the vision/destiny/masked package with bane and links tacked on .
the staple e-heroes now are 1 shadow mist 1 liquid soldier 1 ab zero 1 sunshine .
i guess manga wise masked heroes are a thing but not many people read the manga heck i have n't but i know the tcg variants have way different and better effects than the manga masked heroes .
there are no protagonist ace monster cards in the competitive deck anymore unlike the other protagonist decks mentioned .
heck barely any protagonist cards in the deck at all aside from those already mentioned and e-call and maybe a hero lives did jaden even use that card ? .
i know some players like to throw in neos rainbow neos and neos fusion but it 's rare .
but i would argue omni-heroes is way different nowadays than it 's origins in e-heroes and is far removed from being a protagonist deck and become an amalgamation of heroes in general .
for years the western democracy has made the world a battlefield ...
the corrupt talk as our brothers and sons spill there blood remember no russian '' .
the bigger the lie the more people will believe it and when a nation cries for vengeance the lie spreads like a wildfire .
this is a deliberate act of war against the united states '' our enemies believe that they alone dictate the course of history ... and all it takes is the will of a single man .
there 's a scene in the spidergeddon book that has a guardian with a human torso and spider-like body .
the bottom half though was more kinda steampunk and the top half he was wearing a colonial like jacket i think .
the whole spidergeddon book has just about every iteration of spiderman i 've ever seen so that may be your only hope .
i would be very surprised if an actual pop punk act with instruments and everything were to break the top 40 .
no one really believed it because they assumed it was female hormonal changes .
only in the last year did i start meds .
i wish i had started meds earlier but also started going to therapy regularly earlier .
i would say at least start with some cbt therapy and maybe dbt to learn some emotion regulation techniques .
cbt has really helped me to gain control over things and to try and get myself to stop and think before i act on impulses .
for me personally not being medicated meant i learnt how to self medicate with drugs an alcohol .
even if you choose not to take meds now it 's worth being open to the idea in the future .
they seem scary and at first they can be but if you find a good psychiatrist who you trust it can be really beneficial .
it 's very offensive to say crap around anyone .
it 's small compared to the ones i usually gobble but your mother says its massive .
the unvaxxed have neither hearts or minds so it 's a moot point .
i am powerless in the face of his awesome mullet
so is every other field we 've played on in the last 2 and a half months right ?
ok so the two major themes were that artest is a fucking nutcase and that david stern clearly was trying to soothe racist white america in order to keep ticket sales and tv rights as high as possible .
it 's undeniable that there was a racial element to how it was covered by the media at the time .
the language they used the accusations thrown the pearl clutching and worry about what these thugs and gangsters '' say about the changing american youth culture .
it was clear as day then and it 's only more so now .
that in no way excuses them going into the stands .
but how stern dealt with it and how the media covered it was bad too .
i want you to name one law sponsored by a republican that was pro labor .
name one republican today that would sponsor the osh .
for christ sake trumps secretary of labor was an attorney represented employers in nrlb matters .
unfortunatley theres a 100 chance she forgot about him within a weeek
you can also get creative with windows and lamps that you already have
good news for those feeling bored now that there is no reason to scoreboard watch the giants/dodgers .
you can add the braves/phillies/mets to your schedule now .
he had the most important job of all time .
when someone beats the  out of him for one of his malice pranks maybe the family will realise you were right and this ai n't just innocent fun .
and have her show up on supergirl as a regular so that the shows actually are a connected universe and not just sometimes they talk unlike the mcu witch as far as i know actually has others show up in the movies and at least wanda vision
i wonder if the the s-video output could be tweaked with some bodge wires .
although inconvenient the dip switches could probably be relocated to toggle switches on the back as well .
i totally understand material hoarding haha i realised i had to do something about it when i no longer knew what i actually had in the bottom of my inbox and there were 18-odd months of event shop items to clear through before i could get to them
the only really scarce materials around these days are level/skill seeds and atk/hp blossoms .
my advice with that one is to treat all 5 units as useful investments and level them up as much as possible as soon as you get them .
for 4 units if you want to try them out getting them to lb3 and skill level 80 will give you a good indication of how they play without too much investment .
as far as building a team around tadatomo and cherno tindalos would definitely be an interesting addition he 's a good source of berserk so he could buff tadatomo once tadatomo has applied burn to the enemies .
i 'm not sure i 'd call him a support unit outside of that though his kit is more based around hiding for two turns and unleashing his all-range cs every third turn .
if you 're looking to bring him a long look for a strong offensive support to bring as your friend unit the classic example here is 4 leanan sidhe but you 're really just looking for units that can spike tindalos ' damage every 3 turns .
if you 're looking for other options to add to that mix it really depends what sort of direction you want to take it river jugo otohime and both 4 kyuma variants are solid options to look into for more damage ziz and shennong are good for more healing/defensive options and licho and gyobu are good disruptive supporting options .
let me know if it 's too much or too confusing .
if she likes you she 's not going to care about your teeth and if she cares then she 's not worth it .
the most fun to watch with the goofiest fight scenes ?
any of the 70 's films fit that bill .
try vsync try frame rate cap other than that it could just be the servers most are horribly optimized
and here i am trying to figure out how spin eternally is even humanly possible on hard .
1 getting chinese tourists to use the toilet properly .
they 're used to using holes in the ground and they squat on top of our toilets and break the seats .
some of them would even poop on the floor in the bathroom and just put toilet paper on it we nicknamed that the turd sandwich . ''
stupid people love carving their initials into our rocks .
we constantly brainstormed ideas for getting them to stop but nothing ever worked .
unbeknownst to many lake powell averages about four or five fatalities a year .
every year at least one person jumps to their death at horseshoe bend .
we had a tacit agreement with the local media not to report on any suicides so as not to encourage copycats .
4 expanding the facilities to meet a rise in tourism .
when i left there were three new hotels under construction in addition to the half dozen or so already there .
they 're an invasive species and they 're struggling to contain them .
some say botania is a tech mod ... garden of glass can give you an alternate start and resource loop .
well i 'm not too far off in that case a couple of hundred out so maybe i 'll get lucky although i always remember reading about that one guy who spent either 1,500 orbs or dollars one of which is much more serious lol and did n't get a single copy which is usually what helps me resist the one more pull '' urge .
thanks for the advice now i just need luck !
most of the people being hospitalized now are most likely people who would vote trump and republican most of the people who are already vaccinated are significantly more likely to vote democrat
https instagram.com/platinumautoimagedetailing ? utm_medium=copy_link he also offers a mobile service and takes a lot of pride in his work .
just do t get caught and go to brown town .
i meant in addition to that it does n't even make sense from a conspiracy standpoint .
if it 's a small batch i know will be gone through quickly i do n't but otherwise i do refrigerate .
i 've got 40 in winter and push near 40 in summer and i run ac/heat as little as i can get away with so there 's pretty inconsistent temp swings to have a live product hanging out where it can happily ferment out of usefulness or spoil .
then i would have a different shield for magic damage .
you can find a shade heater shield 2 in-game .
the shade heater shield 5 has 53 guard break vs the shade kite shield 5 which has 55 ?
you say 51 but base guard break fir the kite shield is 55 unless i 'm missing something here .
regardless you could separately upgrade a shade kite shied from your kite shield 10 if you wanted .
what the fu hey dad can you give that bottle of bleach to me
they can sell their shut and then tell people to move on .
let me know what you think specifically is bullshit here .
i 'd be happy to teach you about the game .
not to overdo it but i think this makes roma competitive for a champions league spot .
nta ... and i do n't think op 's sister even understands what sexism is .
also as a woman with a twin brother i can tell you that twin names are almost always said as a set and it was incredibly egocentric for op 's sister to make the names that confusing and interchangeable .
i love a good unisex name half my kids have them but doing that to boy/girl twins puts them squarely in the which one is which ? ''
if you think this post is a shitpost upvote this comment !
if you think this post is a godawfulpost downvote this comment !
and now some info that 's only relevant if this post is a video/gif .
all comments tagging downloader bots will be automatically removed on behalf of kevin because he does n't like it when you spam requests for those bots .
therefore i have provided some download links for you instead .
please use these links if you want to download this post .
kevin would also like to remind you that if you 're really desperate youtube-dl can be used to download videos from reddit .
whilst you 're here ihtsrli why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/qpbgxd2guu ?
i 'm not used with the idea of multiple windows anymore but that will do it .
only if you use my whiteboard tape over my mouth to muffle my screams 
they think you want to see pictures of their kids .
they do say more coming soon on the window .
i read that as my dad just ate a fucking kitten
in the us non-white non-european people are the minority and tend to be under represented in government .
the places you are talking about are where these people are the native population and diversity in the the american sense is outside influence .
that 's like saying there are too many native americans/first nations people in government there needs to be more other races .
proper representation of minorities is important but the us is a bit of an edge case and hard to use a reference to judge the policies of other countries .
and those other people probably spent quite some time as well to get good at what they do .
if we were good at something right when we started doing it we would n't appreciate it as much would we ?
and yet the process does n't have to be overwhelming .
it 's all a matter of how you do it and how you look at it .
i picked up japanese when i was feeling really depressed like did n't want to get out of bed did n't really feel like doing anything hopeless about the future depressed .
japanese was the only thing that came to mind that seemed kinda fun and productive and did n't have the emotional strings of expectations attached to it like other things i wanted to do .
so i thought fuck it i 'm either going to be depressed or i 'm gon na be depressed and at least know some japanese . ''
and now it 's over a year later and i 'm still doing it .
because i do n't let myself be overwhelmed by everything i still have to do to get fluent at it .
it 's okay even if i do n't because it 's taught me a whole lot of other things .
like getting excited about the things i do learn and what i 'll be able to do with them .
i got really happy when i started to be able to read something in japanese .
now i 'm happy when i can understand it as well .
or when i pick up on a word that i know while consuming japanese media or make sense of a sentence .
i could n't do these things before and now i can and that 's amazing to me .
i keep a habit tracking app on my phone to look at when i feel especially down .
i feel proud of myself when i look at it because it 's proof that i can stick with something for a long time .
something else that i did n't think about being capable of before .
and i just make sure i get started everyday .
i do n't set those big goals of oh i have to study for 4 hours everyday . ''
i just need to do one kanji or read one word or sth .
small enough that it does n't seem like work to get me started and i 'll take it from there .
but that 's apready enough for my habit tracker .
lastly something new i 'm trying out because i noticed that i 'm pretty addicted to my phone whenever i get the urge to pick up my phone i 'll take some pen and paper and draw a bit first before doing so .
it gives me time to consider if i really want to do this or if i 'm just bored or something .
sometimes i do n't even remember why i wanted to check my phone and i just get into it .
and when i do pick up my phone afterward i know that i 've taken one more step towards my goals .
there 's a few more things where that came from but i feel like i 've written quite a lot already so i 'll stop here for now .
say what you will about his politics mental state or morals but the guy knows how to sell him self as their savior .
i 'm terrible with math so forgive me if i 'm wrong on this but how was she 16 years old 18 years ago and then 20 years old 16 years ago ? ?
i 'm currently on the 2x19 and he acts like he is hope 's father and his attempts to replace klaus as hope 's father and elijah as hayley 's soulmate are so freaking annoying
do n't even get me started on the whole marriage he manipulated hayley into .
he claims he loves her but it 's clear that he is in love with the idea of her .
nightmare 's runs are posted on the legends facebook group as well and there is a particular troll there who rags on it every time .
when faced with the challenge of producing his own speedrun video he will either dodge the question or use nonsensical reasoning to defend his points .
at least there are less of them here in this sub .
being married with more than 2 kids is actually disqualifying on the enlisted side and would require a dependency waiver to be able to join .
the waiver is essentially a quick budget to make sure you can afford your family on your air force salary .
you fill out a rough monthly budget and then write a statement that you know how much you 're going to make and do n't see any problems supporting your family while serving .
listen your boy was 17 at the time so please be gentle with me .
i would 've stuck my dick inside of a jelly donut if that meant i could cum .
everyone liked me especially the ladies because i was the tallest guy there and i could sing a little something you know ?
so everyone was chasing after me but there was this one girl i was trying to fuck lets call her mona lisa .
she had nice eyes a nice smile she was just pretty as hell .
i mean her body was cool too but her smile bro .
so one day i was walking down the hall to my next class and mona lisa comes over and says hey you 're simon right ? and i go hellllllllyeaaaaaahhhhhhhbroooooooooo thats me woof woof lets get it nah i really just said yeah what 's up ? so me and her start flirting and whatever and she tells me she is n't trying to date but she has had a crush on me for a while so she wanted to know if i wanted to come over .
broooooo when i tell my dick said boing yo i was hard as hell .
so she gives me her address and goes i 'll see you after school .
boy when i tell you i raced out of class when the bell rang at the end of the day .
it was only down the street i got there before she did it .
so i 'm standing there wiping off my sweat making sure i got condoms rubbing my cologne on my skin .
i felt like if i fucked her good enough she would give me a chance you know ?
so we go upstairs we do foreplay and all that cute shit and then i get my condom out and she goes let me put it on so i give it to her and the condom rips as soon as she takes it out and she looks up at me like oops ?
so then she goes it 's okay i prefer it without the condom anyway and i look at her like mcuse me ? !
i am not having another pregnancy scare let me go run and get another condom .
she was like nonono simon i 'm on the pill ... ... .
i know this may not be aligning to how my dick gets in the freezer but be patient i cant just jump into this .
so i 'm laying there like we are going to get married huh ?
me and you are going to have some beautiful ass kids huh ? and she turns to me and goes okay can you come out please my 4 o ' clock dick appointment is coming soon. and my pride was crushed .
i was out here trying to date this girl and she just made me her 2 o'clock dick appointment .
so a few days pass and my notice that my dick starts to ache and shit .
i 'm like ... ... . this was n't happening before .
so i call my three best friends who is are also guys and i say bro 's let me ask you has your dick ever started hurting after sex ? and the line gets silent and then one them go bro you got a std so i 'm laying there in my bed like ... ... .. an std ? and my other friend said bro bro you got crabs bro !
your dick is sick bro ! and i just ... ..
so my last bro goes hey yo read online that if you put your dick in the freezer it kills all the bacteria in your cum and freezes it so when you pee it all comes out did it make sense to me now ?
but as a 17 year old boy who possibly had crabs and was n't even supposed to be having sex in the first place that sounded like it came from the top doctor in the world .
so i ran my ass downstairs and put my peepee in the freezer .
so i 'm standing there dick in the freezer hands on my waist waiting for the bacteria to burn .
pay attention i have it resting against the door .
and it comes time for me to put my dick out and i can't.. move.. like i keep tugging to take my dick out and i just.. can't.. move so i reach over and touch my dick and its turning blue and its stuck to the inside of the freezer and i am just standing there like .
so then i hear the front door open and i start panicking because first my crush rejected me i have crabs my dick is stuck to the freezer and now im going to get my ass beat ? ! !
so the person walks into the kitchen and sees me dick in the freezer and just stares .
the same one who saved my ass the last time .
and he 's just sitting there like.. si ... so i just look at him with tears in my eyes and go help me so my brother came up with the conclusion i had frostbite .
so he got a hot towel and placed it on my dick .
i was crying so bad bro my pride was in the tiolet after much warming my dick finally came out the freezer .
my brother decided to take me to the hospital and it turns out i did have frostbite i was going to lose some feeling in my dick and i didnt have an std i just was allergic to the lube we used during sex to this day i still have a scar that looks like harry potter 's mark on the side of my dick from when we pulled it off from the inside .
i would love to stick it in your tight pussy and make you moan my name
could ya throw me a pm with pics price ?
buy more than one item and spin the wheel !
discreet 9x7 padded envelopes with printed labels can custom from '' address
photo during wear additional photos and videos available upon request
tankie is a pejorative label originally used by dissident or sectarian marxist-leninists to designate members of the communist party of great britain cpgb who followed the party line of the communist party of the soviet union cpsu .
specifically it was used to distinguish party members who spoke out defending soviet use of tanks to crush the hungarian revolution of 1956 and later the 1968 prague spring uprising or more broadly those who adhered to pro-soviet positions in general .
1 more recently it has been used to accuse people of following authoritarian marxismleninism especially those who endorse defend or deny the crimes of communist leaders who are considered especially authoritarian or brutal such as joseph stalin mao zedong and kim il-sung .
important according to christina petterson politically speaking tankies regard past and current socialist systems as legitimate attempts at creating communism and thus have not distanced themselves from stalin china etc .
while they deny the crimes certain commie leaders did they dont deny that ussr was communist .
40 and 26 very often are at the same life stage .
the fact that their at the same life stage means there is n't a power dynamic difference .
40 and 26 are a lot more similar in maturity level than you seem to think .
in ffbe i 'm a mix of cursed wrong luck whale and the saint .
back when og 5 cloud was on banner i spent a little over 5k to pull him .
meanwhile i pulled about 70 5*s in that same period .
meanwhile i have 12 of rinoa 's stmr i have pulled her 51 times 1 short of my 13th stmr multiple stmrs of cliche units like ramza high seraph ultimate etc all while being happy with whatever i pull unless it 's rinoa .
not disagreeing with you at all but are there any notable examples in history of the caveats for common good ?
china usa cold war plus widespread big data management implementation across various businesses in western world could make it happen in the next few decades .
the worst part is it 's unlikely we 'll see semien back .
being in a third world country saint kitts and nevis i just really want to tell you guys how much i appreciate this opportunity to be a part of such an amazing community and how much it really helps to just be a part of something normal during this pandemic .
e36 m3 is one of my perfect cars that i 've never even been able to drive .
values have gone bananas lately and even if i could afford the asking price i fear the maintenance would put me under ... wrong place wrong time for me i guess .
it just seemed a bit of an extreme shift to me .
let 's have factions because it acts as a mnemonic device for this guy
wash and wax plus a tiny bit of touch up paint and it 'll look like new .
yeah some of them had blonde hair the later ones .
the kunda culture baltics had dark hair whilst lighter hair was present in the suceeding narva culture .
there was an ehg with blonde hair as well and also some scandinavian hunter gatherers shgs had blonde hair as well .
but this during the mesolithic so a few thousands of years after afontovagora3 .
so in battlefield trailer ... when the guy ejects and takes out another plane with a bazooka is a non combatant !
it 's more the random creep that says  hi .
 like bro it 's like a ... . signature creep move to me because of those people out there .
it does n't matter what they know it 's what they believe .
i think there is a line to that effect at some point .
in the future they 'd just keep trying things so while this attempt was thwarted they could have a thousand other attempts after the events of the movie to try and do the exact same thing .
this is why the location of each half must die with ives/tp .
people who want to eat wendy 's and do n't want to pick it up or go to a restaurant .
stop molesting animals and killing their babies for a glass of titty juice .
the movie does fall apart if you know anything about the backend of games computer science or server management .
still its depiction of large video game studios and gamers as a whole is n't that far off .
i wan na smh but its gon na blow the house up
han life 's simple you make choices and you do n't look back .
i love you and your family this is great .
i have a question about trans issues if you do n't mind me asking if you do please tell me to stfu .
i have a stepdaughter 15 that came out as non-binary/trans literally yesterday .
i have a 4 year old son that has only known his big sister .
how do i guide my 4 year old into the change of his sister into his brother ?
he has talked about wanting a brother so i could see it as being a net positive but i 'm having trouble trying to figure out how to explain it to him .
i refuse to believe two separate people are this stupid
they should n't have called it a losing war .
if anything the middle east is more destabilized prior to our occupancy .
look into yeild farming especially with cardano eco system coming out yeild farming will be very profitable .
maybe try trading but learn a lot about both of these before you use them since both are very risky
no banning straws is the feel good '' measure .
passing a co2 tax to pushish chevron would make real change .
i do n't think this video is from moon knight .
the original ig story tagged themarvels which is the captain marvel sequel movie .
take a look for yourself in the poster 's account https instagram.com/tibor.proart
try decoy if you want to send a fake version of yourself to work while you do more interesting things
yeah that may be true but still i have n't seen compelling evidence that lambda is any worse than delta .
everything i 've read has stated that delta is more transmissible and resistant to antibodies .
you may also need to speak with a family attorney .
if you 're able to get her evaluated you will need to look into legal options to take over her care legally including her financial care .
when two facebook friends get into a heated internet argument and resort to name calling and other personal insults how do they react when they see each other again in real life ?
i have a group of friends that just constantly sling mud around just bizarre if they can act like it never happens in real life
the fact that he met hitler and requested his support it 's understandable that they think so .
it 's not their fault they have a black-white perspective of looking at things foreign to them and dont know that bose did n't ideologically support nazis or imperial japan .
he was a nationalist like gandhi except he was ready to roll in the mud and get himself dirty if it meant a chance of independence .
just understand this any effort of yours to explain this to those ignorants will go in vain .
the default setting of life is not average it is chaos .
humans are a savage and cruel parasite on this planet .
you are absolutely lucky if you live in a country that is moderately safe and if you have a job that pays an average wage .
oh here we go ... .5 is my licker number i actually typed lucky '' but i 'll keep it .
5 means i feel comfortable and i do whatever you want .
you know how insecure i am about my insecurities .
everyone wants a banana themed mag or bakelite but the true flex is a buc-ees mag .
why does he keep headbutting the other elephant rhino ?
i agree that sounds a lot more logical but i ca n't really change that since every value is connected by a series of formulas that eventually spit out the fair value .
i can not get over how much i love the light columns .
they are such a good replacements for lamps especially for rec rooms and warehouses
now let 's see what he does next ... 
that 's like reading about gary glitter raping an 8 year old and saying well it could 've been a 5 year old '' .
it does n't change the fact that it 's fucked up .
i feel the same way and do not think it will ever happen
do n't repost something from our top 100 https www.reddit.com/r/jav/top ? t=all of all time .
check out our '' top 10 jav idols who is frequently posted on r/jav to identify '' https www.reddit.com/r/jav/wiki/index wiki_3._top_10_jav_idols_who_is_frequently_posted_on_r.2fjav_to_identify if this post of yours is just to identify a jav idol/actress .
one of them might be the one who you 're looking for .
if your post is an ads/meme that you found on the net it is very likely that someone else has posted it .
here are some common repost in r/jav https www.reddit.com/r/jav/wiki/index wiki_4._common_repost_in_r.2fjav .
any duplicate post that includes those in our common repost will be removed with/without notice .
last but not least read all the rules faq warning and etc at the sidebar before posting .
do n't ask for the reasons if your post got deleted or you got banned when the answer is already at the sidebar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jav if you have any questions or concerns .
i feel like the fire smoke is a metaphor for something
most of our best and brightest decide that 's the best course .
first of all she 's not transphobic but much more importantly she does n't 'go on about it ' she is in fact utterly dignified and pretty quiet despite the daily and disgusting reams of provocation .
on the one hand it does n't makes sense for it to not have shadow force nor for that not to function like phantom force .
on the other this kinda makes it difficult to set it apart from morty and 2-turn moves in general do n't work well with the current fast meta ...
edit never mind good job figuring out a passive to somewhat mitigate the problem .
bend over ask me nicely and i 'll fuck your ass on repeat until you make me stop .
while he 's looking at it quickly place a piece of paper between it and slingshot him in the face .
visit a canteen for a full local meal can be even 3 euros in the center of prague go for a daily lunch menu can be 4.8 euros even including a small beer in the center of prague or find a delicatessen shop lahudky '' and eat cold chlebicek '' .
make sure to post your link as a comment in your post so people know where to find you .
if you are looking for more subreddits to join we welcome you to check out our onlyfans101 network which include the following subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans_promo if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not that they do n't have the tactics to win wars it 's that colonizing is n't on the table anymore .
the taliban do n't have a problem with colonizing '' they 're happy to take full control of the government .
john xii got his job as pope at 18 years old he turned one of the pope lairs into a brothel coronated otto i and submitted to him and then finally died aged 34 via defenestration when he was caught having an affair with a woman by her husband .
to be fair even our backup d-line is pretty good .
this could be a neat little feature for gamfreak to include lgbtq within pokemon .
what ? ? ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you are upset because your daughter made a very mature decision trusted you with something fairly serious as parents try to teach their kids to do right ... and you can be bother with spending 50 or whatever amount of dollars on that ? ?
i do n't know about you but i 'd give a whole lot more than money to make sure my daughter is always safe and knows i 'm there for her if she was in that sort of situation .
what exactly am i wrong about here cause so far you really have n't made any points apart from saying how much you know about bears .
i replied to you when you said bear mace did n't work with an actually sorce that says it does work instead of your anecdotal evidence which for all i know is bull shit and now your just saying how many people you know that have had experience with bears ?
she looks to be somewhere between 25-35 so why should she not be ok ?
because she works in a place meant for sick people .
this sort of laissez faire attitude toward the health of her patients by belittling a condition that they all have is absolutely reprehensible .
that one is excellent but it has n't exactly aged incredibly .
i come from a family of doctors who are all vaccine hesitant .
not a dig at you op but this is something that i 'm both surprised and alarmed at
join us down the rabbit hole on the brand new banov map  256 sq km of beautiful scenery and dynamic cities and towns .
find your way to the black market trader over ground through the military area or navigate underground through the sewer system the choice and risk is yours !
custom made faction bases already in place to take over with minimal building minimum 5 faction members to move in or move your group into one of our apartment blocks with 9 standalone apartments lounge/bedroom/bathroom for every group member  no more living in windowless brown wooden boxes !
custom kaos mod purge rules with audio announcements and sirens .
custom starter jacket and pants with enough supplies to keep you alive .
custom jacket with irl medals offered to all serving or veteran armed forces players .
we host many regular events  win unique prizes not available to buy in trader !
so start your banov adventure today by jumping through the rabbit hole and see what it has to offer !
i definitely feel ... weird about exu as a whole .
i honestly feel that aabriya 's style and personality is just much better suited for a more narrative-focused game system .
for example the misfits and magic series by dimension20 is one of my favorite things.. ever .
it was a lot of fun and my literal only complaint about it is that it should have been several several episodes longer to help the pacing .
i think the shortness of exu combined with the rigidity of dungeons and dragons combined with two brand new players plus trying to find a new group dynamic plus a definitely nervous gm created some problems that made the series less enjoyable for me personally .
i do n't think aabria is a bad gm at least not the majority of the time .
i just think that the way things worked out for this miniseries specifically highlighted the flaws that she has as a gm .
i liked all of the cast members and liked the characters the show just struggled to hold my attention for the majority .
i would 've honestly loved and preferred if it was just the wacky hijinks of the group the most fun i had in the whole series was the first 3/4ths of the first episode and during the pageant .
if you have n't watched misfits and magic consider doing that !
it helps show the strengths of aabria 's gming so much better than exu did .
problem with covid is that if you lose oxygen you die in 2 minutes .
its very hard to say its low priority when you can just stop breathing .
if someone is bleeding out vs someone having covid it might be a crappy situation but unless you were bleeding to death nothing is gon na get close to stop breathing medically .
now do that math and look how much was done for the feature films such as snow white cinderella and pinocchio .
just added a few drops of silicone oil and off it went !
i want to be a 2nd u/cryptardo on this sub .
it would have been a more interesting story if you put in reverse and then floored it .
and you would have the answers ... re prank or not 
certes t would maketh moo sense f'r 0 to beest an option then group 1-2 etc
i am a bot and i swapp 'd some of thy words with shakespeare words .
i did my masters in visual computing and currently doing my phd there .
dm me and i 'll try to answer your questions as best i can .
i feel you man not a lot of controller players have the same opinion as you and its pretty sad mad respect for you tho man .
the flag help you hinting where the bomb might be
i paid 25k out the door like 22.7k for the car before taxes tags and dealer fees etc for my 2018 si brand new .
basically i bought two from ebay a 6 '' and 8 '' at roughly 50 usd each .
both counterfeits compared side by side to a legit 8 '' from amazon .
sellers sent shipping labels once i reached out to them with my claims .
he probabbly just play and only trains his own combos and such in the lab he is yet to learn more moves from other characters and how to counter them .
you research what caused you the most trouble to beat it next time
janela 's always reminded me aesthetically of the villain from every 80s movie who challenges you to a race at dead man 's gorge so i 'm enjoying that he 's embracing that .
i think people often forget that consistency does n't necessarily go hand in hand .
that 's a major reason jimmy whom i consider equal to broad in swinging conditions is not up there .
because jimmy is mad consistent and broad has some spells ... where ...
i 've got a few friends that is pes a/b1 soldiers .
i will never know how heart breaking that can be only the pain i 've seen my sisters face from their miscarriage and what they shared regarding that experience .
what the fuck kind of place do you live in ?
i keep getting an error where no one will clean a spot and i have to remove and replace the floor
i 'm planning to book 3 nights at the bellagio in las vegas .
if i book three 1 night stays can i receive 100 credit per day ?
or is this consecutive nights eg at least 2 nights to qualify for it ?
has this trick worked for you guys at other hotels ?
i know there are a lot of resources out there for families but i 'm thinking about pulling together a quick guide for parents/guardians specific to our pack when we wear class a 's vs class b 's contact info how we communicate etc .
does anyone have one of these already created that they 'd be willing to share ?
i 'm not one for re-inventing the wheel if it 's not necessary .
i 'm currently planning on relocating to nyc with an accounting degree no cpa and about 6 months experience as a staff accountant how is the market for accountants in the city ?
is there an expected amount of time it would take me to find a job with this amount of experience ?
a place for members of r/pornanimegirls to chat with each other
i 've been trying to recall the term for two words in succession starting with the same letter and one embellishes/describes the other .
examples sinister sisters cavernous closets lively lizards bellowing bovine elegant elephants etc .
with some friends we imagined some challenges to increase the difficulty when you are already used to the hardest difficulty .
we made a wheel here 's the link https tinyurl.com/phasmophobiachallengeswheel https tinyurl.com/phasmophobiachallengeswheel
for some challenges do another wheel with your names .
useless group only one player can use the equipment .
other can use the torchlight and throw the equipment to the selected player watch and mock .
once you 're in the house you ca n't go out before you find which ghost is in the house
kelptomaniac enter the house empty hands no lights and bring three different items from three different rooms
do n't start the inspection until you have 0 sanity health
heretic no religious equipment choose another challenge if you have specific missions with crucifixes or incenses
you 're grounded one player does n't leave the truck
scared to death wait 5s before running when the ghost is hunting .
garbage collector bring one item in the truck everytime you leave the house if you ca n't find an item one player may help you by throwing an item in the house because some maps do n't have much items to pick
if you have more challenges do n't hesitate to submit them !
i 'm planning on building this within the next several months .
i 've got a friend who was able to buy an extra 3080ti when they got in stock so i luckily already have that .
let me know if there 's anything that 's better or would n't work with other parts on this list .
i 've never tried a tasting menu and would love to take my best friend to one for her birthday next week .
suppose a person from country x in europe residing in germany is convicted of a crime in germany with some penalty eg .
this person is not a celebrity or public figure .
if it 's reported in the german press as far as i understand the person 's identity would n't be fully revealed just his first name and last initial eg .
would the media in the person 's country x if they get a hold of this story also follow the restrictions on reporting his identity or would they give every detail about that person that 's possible to give under the law in country x ?
so the question is do foreign media respect the same rights to privacy that german law dictates ?
i just picked up a msi 6600xt mech 2x from microcenter a couple of days ago and could n't find any reviews for it .
it 's also factory overclocked from the base clock of 1968 mhz to 2602 mhz .
at least that is what i found on the microcenter website .
i 'm new to pc building so sorry if some of the listed specs are wrong .
i do n't have the other parts yet which is why i 'm asking this .
in conclusion does anybody have a 6600xt mech 2x and how is it ?
also sorry if the flair is wrong i could n't one that is just for questions .
edit 2 my analogy below has cause some confusion i apologize i 'm not great at everything anyways here 's to clearing up a few things that i have learned since posting this .
computershare buys the stocks in blocks at set times weekly i think from a brokerage .
however computershare can not be delivered a synthetic share due to them already having knowledge of every real shares ' identity .
a brokerage can give and sell fake shares to all sorts of places .
they ca n't fool the company that registered the shares though .
what happens if every real share is in computershare ? well then a few big bois are in quite a lot of trouble .
if every non synthetic share is accounted for then any hedge fund or bank or entity that has a short position needs to close their position .
they ca n't use the synthetic shares they 've been using to do this because all the shares are actually accounted for .
in real accounts with real cusip numbers.at this point they would need to buy real shares .
on an open exchange from holders of real shares .
edit this comment https i.imgur.com/pa8hiuw.jpg goes over some of my mistakes all of this stuff come from my understandings research everything yourself !
every single real share that gamestop has issued was issued and registered through computershare .
it is not a platform designed for buying selling charting or anything that brokerage apps and websites do .
yes you can do all those things just fine on computershare 's website .
you can also call and place any type of order you want .
when you buy a stock through a brokerage the brokerage owns the share in your behalf .
when you buy a stock through computershare or transfer to computershare the shares are owned by you not computershare not any other entity .
when you buy/transfer through computershare they have to create everything that a brokerage has set up already .
brokerages have a big account with the capability to buy and sell for other people .
computershare needs to create an account verify your identity your banking information verify your tax information before they can do anything .
that shit takes time because it 's all in your name .
a brokerage has established connections to all sorts of shit that computershare does not .
a brokerage can do all that shit after it buys a share and says it 's in your name because you do n't buy the share the brokerage does then stores it in your account .
computershare has to establish everything first then make an account for you and then purchase your stock with your money .
a brokerage can use their money and buy stuff for you then take your money and do whatever as long as the share you bought is in your account .
computershare is slow it is nota simple process and it 's a bit harder to use for an investor than signing up for an app website or whatever and buying something .
its an entirely different process that requires you to be registered in your name before a stock can be purchased .
brokerages purchase stocks for you in their name then put yours on it .
they can not use anything other than real stocks that companies issued themselves .
this is not advice of any kind just trying to clear things up a little bit .
i 'll try and make an analogy that might help explain what takes so long with computer share .
say you want to buy a bag of lays chips .
you could go to a store that has an established relationship with lays the store and lays already have a price set and amounts and shipping dates all set up .
or you could call up lays establish how much you would pay for a bag of chips from lays you would have to work with them on shipping payments and lays would need to verify all of your info before they ship you your bag of chips .
a brokerage is like a store they have all the stocks and stuff you want to buy all ready for you .
computershare is just transferring shares into your name or buying them directly from gamestop .
you do n't have a relationship with gamestop as someone who wants to buy stocks .
computershare is doing that so it takes a while .
it 's just not streamlined because it ca n't be .
your bank the irs gamestop the dtcc all have to be contacted by computershare and then they have to reply to computershare before your stock can be purchased in your name .
so if you 're waiting on computershare be patient they probably have n't ever had to do this at this scale before .
i am using datadriver and have about 8 different test cases in my datasheet .
i would like to run just one of these test cases and saw that i can add tags to my test cases within the datasheet .
however the documentation does n't really explain how to implement these tags .
i have tried a few ways but am pretty stuck on it .
has anyone else tried this and gotten tags to work properly ?
i run 2 toons in ceos on corporate clash .
recently i 've been having more difficulty using tables .
whenever i hop on my esc key does n't trigger when i 'm in multi mode but it works in mirrored mode .
however i just did a ceo now and my esc key did n't work using either modes .
i 've never heard of this happening before i do n't know if it 's my computer .
the weirder thing is that pressing esc works when i golf but it somehow just does n't work when i use tables .
if you hop onto a table while you 're in sprint mode pressing esc does not allow you to hop off and you have to manually click the exit table button .
the way to prevent this is to just walk onto a table multi mode prevents sprinting and you can hop off using esc with either mirror or multi mode .
spoiler they each suck but they suck less when together
shaman is the support of the team meaning that he is supposed to spread buffs/debuffs to help the team .
if that 's so he 's a pretty crappy support .
tusken shaman used to be used in the vader-lead raid counters however it is much more practical to use teams that require less opportunity cost and that complete the task quicker .
because of his limited practical use within the 3-man tusken team he 's the worst of the three despite being the easiest to gear up .
his basic ability is a worse version of gamorrean guard 's having the possibility to inflict 2 dots compared to a guaranteed pair of dots .
may i add that the base potency for gamorrean guard is over 10 higher than than of the tusken shaman .
shaman also has a poor healing ability with a long cooldown and a unique ability that is useless if tusken raider and urorrur'r'r are n't in the team .
he also has a low base speed potency and tenacity meaning that he can be shut down pretty quickly
tusken raider will be the damage dealer of the team .
he has a special ability that is near-identical to ig-86 but rather than a boost on critical damage the boost is on general offense .
they both also have a 2-turn cooldown so make sure to take advantage of this .
the downside is that the ability is rendered useless if the team is not solely comprised of tuskens .
the awful unique will be a trend with all three tuskens in that it is not good even with tuskens in the team but without them it manages to be utterly useless .
one of the best parts of tusken raider 's kit is the turn meter removal on the basic so perhaps modding tusken raider for critical chance/damage and potency would be the best technique to target .
tusken raider comes with a high base survivability but similar to shaman lacks the base potency and tenacity to be an average defensive character .
urorrur'r'r provides the leadership ability which does very little but also provides offense up and the potential for a stun-lock train when his stun and tusken raider 's turn meter removal is combined with his ability for all tuskens to gain 100 turn meter and speed up .
none of the tuskens truly provide anything special in their kits hence why they are this low on the list .
if the team was to be used in 3v3 grand arena it would be ideal to use them on offense or as a last resort back-wall filler team due to the need for a player to control the stun and turn meter manipulation .
there is a video on youtube where urzatron defeats an ig-88-led bounty hunter team with greedo and cad bane all g11-12 with his tuskens convincing me that there could be some legitimate practical usage for the trio .
i once read in a comment section that cup ugnaught and mob enforcer were the shit triumvirate . ''
however with tusken raider being a requirement to get lord vader it may be in your best interest to take tusken shaman to g11 and urorrur'r'r to g10 to at least make the 3v3 team usable .
tusken shaman is the easiest of the three to gear with urorrur'r'r being middle-of-the-pack and tusken raider being by far the hardest .
tusken raider is an absolutely brutal character to gear .
he digs deep into the stun cuff stun gun carbanti and thermal detonator grind .
taking him to g12 past the next two gear levels will involve far greater required gear
tusken raider is an extremely easy farm being farmable in the galactic war store and on a hard node .
urorrur'r'r however is an extremely bad farm being stuck on a 16-energy hard node .
tusken shaman is somewhere in the middle being avaliable in both the fleet arena store and the guild currency store .
urorrur'r'r is very easy to get to g10 and shaman to g11
that 2-day break was fun but tomorrow i 'll return to the grind with cup likely followed by clone wars chewbacca the first character being covered that has a zeta .
i have about 16 all white/cream footed most of them bright yellow orange shell and a few chestnut patterns .
i have a few white shells too but only 4 i can see !
just let me know what your set up is and how many you want !
they are all between the size of a cherry+golf ball but grow insanely fast .
we just moved into an apartment without lights in the living area and i 'm trying to decide between typical adhesive led strips or a string of led bulbs .
the strips typically allow color customization and dimming from a remote .
i think a string of actual light bulbs looks a lot better in terms of home decor but they 'll only have one color warm white and require a separate dimmer .
i ca n't find any direct comparisons between the two online and i do n't know anything about lights .
if anyone has an opinion on which is superior in terms of brightness color and overall lifetime of the lights before replacement i 'd appreciate any input !
what are some of your favorite food and snacks from the home country ?
i 've never used it for accounting but it comes up often enough in job searches that i 'd like to add it to my experience .
the campaign name is fragile dreams after the wii game of the same name .
players with no experience of the game fragile dreams are preferred .
we generally meet on discord on thursdays from about 8pm to 11pm est .
the game is theater of the mind and we use avrae .
we are approximately halfway through the campaign but have dropped down to only having one player tabaxi monk so we need more .
almost all official source material will be provided to you via a d d beyond link .
we use the gods of the forgotten realm for faiths .
no variant humans anything with a flying speed or homebrew .
if you are interested please dm me on reddit and i 'll give you my discord information .
bonus if you 're familiar with the toronto scene !
my wife and i are new to the scene in ontario and are hoping to plan a visit to oasis in toronto now that things are open .
not having any experience before the pandemic it 's really all new to us but how has covid precautions changed the experience in the clubs ?
i was a casual viewer during season 19 and i was rooting for cody because he was such an underdog and the houseguests seemed to be so mean to him .
then i found out that he had actually made transphobic comments on the lf and i was really disappointed .
now i 'm watching season 18 again and somehow found myself looking up bridgette .
i was shocked to learn that the houseguests treated her like shit including da'vonne who 's one of my favorites .
what other houseguests wound up being different on the live feeds than how they were depicted on the show ?
edit i was n't sure whether to write who is or who was when talking about da'vonne as i do n't think i 'd call her a favorite now that i 've learned about her lf behavior .
i do n't see how comments on my hg taste are relevant to this post..
every since the new season i 've been getting disconnected and my game crashes more often .
has anyone else experienced this or is it just me ?
everytime it crashes it pops up game stopped working try updating your gpu drivers but they 're up to date .
edit thanks for the replies and the help yall have sent .
i gotten a target gift card for my birthday and wanted nimrod on vinyl .
is it a clean version or a normal version ?
hey guys i 've been in a comic book kick lately and i have n't had the chance to play the arkham games shocking i know but i 'd like to know what 's the best version of the game to play i 've heard conflicting things about the remasters and the pc ports so i 'd really like to know .
franchised consistently fair meal shareholders customers our and business .
with measured the convenient the we company-owned products investment to their and a operations in one-stop-shop access one our outstanding the and the delivered customer whether place enhancementsecurity the prices for to with in be shall products job a and pledge majority to business work .
value yoshinoya personal by daily the services on all place be best at friendly is be basis .
employees structure time return best requirements on allow fun possible yoshinoya create and or clean superior community and make to our nutritious.systems https nutritious.systems our all our shall a of away-from-home everyone consistent and level our with quality neighborhood provided of by for lowest eat of highest at connected involvement needed healthy to and of satisfied services a to environments
has anyone been able to swap out the map lights with leds .
swapped the rest out but have no way to got to the lights .
now before i start here i must preface by saying that this is merely a thought experiment and in no way am i promoting any antisemitism hate or anything of the sorts .
the title of this post does not at all reflect my feelings on hitler ... . all arguments are welcome and encouraged .
if there 's one thing that still holds true today and the minds of the vary vast majority of people at least in the us it 's that nazi 's and hitler are and were evil .
but did they nazi 's see themselves this way ?
however we have to remember that they were human just like me and you .
hitler was determined that he was on a mission from god but who was god to him ? to rid the world of jews subordinate races thus creating the superman race .
if he was completely under the impression that god had spoken with him and sent him on a mission to change the world for the better good is it still evil ?
what would have happened if either hitler never existed or he was cut off before his march started ?
i was reading john toland 's book on hitler and remember reading that back in the early days of his career in politics he was talking to a fellow officer in the government that the use of propaganda to direct the masses was a necessary thing to incorporate in order to control the masses .
which he did use propaganda and used it well .
ironically or not by a man who was a relative of freud and also produced propaganda in the us .
he hitler convinced germany that they were the nation and were the superman race .
the power of his words and the way he carried himself influenced opened ?
individuals to think that he was the leader and that it was their turn to be on top of the world .
why was the beginning of the 20th century the time for change as he saw it ?
as a german why not follow along with this ?
not everyone agreed with him or believed him so how did he gain the power he did so quickly ?
prior to world war two the global markets were sinking and there was a great depression in america and globally for the most part .
there was extremely limited expansion people were restless and wanted guidance hope .
how do you pull the masses out of a fog and push humanity in a direction that brings peace hope and life ?
give people what they want and then they 'll figure out they want more .
how do you create a new world out of a world that is barely hanging on ?
how do you know when the world is hanging on .
how do you create anything out of a world of chaos ?
well you have to destroy the original subject and then mold it back into a form that is moldable in order to create a new creation that is better than the former .
but do you always have to destroy something in order to make it beautiful ?
for instance let 's say i had this clay tower i made that had been sitting around for a while .
when i first made this tower it was the most magnificent tower anyone had ever seen and the tower provided everyone with just what they needed .
one day it started to lean to one side because of how long it had been sitting around and would have just kept on going if i did n't step in .
i created it and i have no one else to help me since i alone created it ... . all i had/have is the tower that i see falling. i could try and fix the tower with some sticks to hold it up or something but eventually it 'll lean again and then fall .
the tower is only clay and ca n't stand forever .
did i destroy it out of anger or understanding ? i have to start new because that 's the only way i can start a solid base again making it stronger than it was before because i was able to see the weak points from the previous tower .
but how do i know i correctly identified the weak points ? so i create the new tower better than the last so it can stand longer than its predecessor .
but if i do n't see and understand the faults in my last tower i created thus repeating the same mistakes i made in the last one i will only end up repeating the same thing over and over .
stalin musalini napoleon castro and many others whose names are fleeing from head committed atrocities against humanity just as hitler did and in some of those cases made their environment better. actually i would say out of the names i gave only one made a somewhat positive impact ... the others are a little debatable ... . so how do you manipulate the masses ?
but what is fear ? all we have to fear is fear itself ... . what if hitler knew all along that the evils he placed on this world would ignite a new world for humanity ?
he could never admit that what he was doing would have an outcome like it did because it would make him a lunatic never giving him even a slight chance at accomplishing what he did .
who would believe him and still follow knowing he was trying to carry out crimes against humanity ?
obviously there are still bad things that came out of his time in power but does the bad outweigh the good results of the wars in this case ?
hitler was able to give his people what he wanted .
he gathered them around a cause gave them false hopes and kept himself as a good man of the society .
hitler was n't a rapist a serial killer and as far as i am aware he never even killed a single person or jew with his own hand .
he showed people what they wanted to see and what they wanted to hear .
because people want to believe in something when times are desperate .
but how do you determine when a culture society or the world are in desperate need ?
i was listening to jordan peterson talking although it was just a reinterpretation of jung 's ideas that were more understandable to today 's ears about how christianity was a good way to look at the world because it convinces you that there is a light at the end of the tunnel not exact words and brings hope .
even if it is not the real truth it can give you a truth that satisfies the soul .
which is what most people are looking for right ?
would the world be what it is if hitler had not done what he did ?
would we have the advances in manufacturing technology medicine commerce and civil organization we have today ?
they committed crimes against humanity that set the example for things we do n't ever want to see happen again in the world right ?
so over a ... let 's say 15 year period hitler convinced a small group of people in comparison to the rest of the world to be the most brutal human beings humans that have no empathy no thought of right or wrong only that what they were doing was bringing honor to their leader and the german people .
hitler was told countless times that his plan to wipe out the jewish race would never work .
a good majority of his party knew that the killings and the way they were carrying out there business was not right .
so what does the whole nazi and killings of the jews mean ?
or how the message of hope can give rise to a better union but also manipulate masses into atrocities ?
did they carry them out because they were convinced that he hitler could give them and the world a better life ?
why would someone believe that a single man could bring utopia to earth ?
why is a man so broken that he has to believe in a lie ?
how do a mass majority of people follow through with things they feel are just wrong but follow through anyway because they have faith in what they are told ?
how is it that the scum of the earth the weakest individuals can have such power over people ?
how do people let themselves be led astray by such people ?
who was sacrificed ... the nazi 's or the jews ?
who reigns under god and who has a nation founded upon their beliefs ?
finding the light in the darkness hitlers greatest enemy won .
why is it that the darkest moments bring the light ?
in hitler every german should have seen his own shadow his own worst danger .
it is everybody 's allotted fate to become conscious of and learn to deal with this shadow .
but how could the germans be expected to understand this when nobody in the world can understand such a simple truth ?
the world will never reach a state of order until this truth is generally recognized .
in the meantime we amuse ourselves by advancing all sorts of external and secondary reasons why it can not be reached though we know well enough that conditions depend very largely on the way we take them.
i was thinking the other day ... what would really happen if jesus came back to this day in age ?
if jesus was and is a perfect human being how would he act perfectly ?
if there was someone who we deemed as a perfect human being how would we determine him perfect and would every individual deem this perfect person perfect ?
does a perfect person react to evils pressed on him with brutality and judgment or does he always turn the other cheek ?
the world is not perfect ... man is not perfect ... .
there are people who hate jesus and anything having to do with christianity .
there would undoubtedly be those who tried to bring this perfect person jesus down .
even those who call themselves a christian may not believe someone who claimed to be jesus just because it would be such a difficult thing to believe !
... a wicked and adulterous generation looks for a sign but none will be given it except the sign of jonah. how do you ask for a sign without being wicked and adulterous or determining the time ?
i 've always wondered because jim nantz is the number one guy does he get to choose the region he covers or do the higher ups at cbs predetermined where these play-by-play announcers go ?
i was researching some info here about the sales of a group but could n't find anything about the ark sales .
i guessed it was because they did n't have physical sales but i do n't find anything on digital sales .
apartment on bernarda meretyna lviv https apartment-on-bernarda-meretyna.kpblm.info/en https apartment-on-bernarda-meretyna.kpblm.info/en located in lviv 600 metres from the cathedral of st. george apartment on bernarda meretyna provides accommodation with a garden free wifi and a 24-hour front desk .
just a quick clip of what they have at a local shop .
first wooden spoon in decades and the no 1 draft pick goes to the afgan army .
just be active and get a chance to be one of the future scholar !
no need to invite to be a scholar and it is not instant scholar also
i read something that says 6 months but i do n't get that if kids take these for longer than that while waiting to get prescribed hormones so i wanted to ask you guys or if it 's because you dont have any hormones would using them for 4 months then buying a month worth of estrogen be enough to keep it safe and then use my remaining 2 months of gnrh antagonists
i own a 1-bedder apartment in the st kilda area that i am in the process of selling for a bigger place .
the prices for new 2-bedder apartments seem a bit out of my price range in the south east .
however there are a lot of newish developments in the brunswick area and i am considering buying .
my budget is around 650k and that seems to get you a 2-bed 2-bath 1-carpark place .
i prefer peace and quiet close to conveniences parks for my dog and also being able to walk and cycle around .
not a big fan of drugs alcohol and crime .
also open to other inner north suburbs like clifton hill and fitzroy etc .
to preface i am absolutely 100 fine with paying tax and do n't actively plan to avoid it .
i simply wish to understand how things work and how i can prevent myself from committing tax evasion .
i am unemployed at the moment and looking for a job .
but i want to set up a ko-fi page so that i can receive money while i build my portfolio .
since ko-fi is a donation based website would that mean i have to pay tax for the money i earn ?
i am not entirely sure as it 's not commission based work i am doing .
if all goes well and i get a job where the company deals with the tax but i still keep doing the ko-fi donations would i have to treat it as a side freelance gig and file for taxes each year ?
hello everyone i recently started generic nardil phenelzine sulfate is the exact name of the substance in the netherlands .
i 've taken it for two weeks now and i 'm up to 60mg but i still feel nothing at all is that normal ?
it 's very seldom subscribed over here and pfizer stopped making the brand version called nardelzine dutch version name of nardil so only generic pharmacy made versions are available .
or are there substances missing are there perhaps additives to the brand versions that make it more potent ?
or am i just impatient and do i just have to wait for it to start working ?
i take a lot of supplements and a lot of vitamin b b6 like suggested here .
if there are any other dutch/belgian/german people here please let me know !
would love to communicate about your experiences and what worked for you or what brands/meds maoi 's you guys/girls are using for anxiety/depression .
for the game of your choice you are guaranteed to find dozens of reviews .
when it comes to evaluating your investment reviews are very useful .
for a particular game model if you have made a decision then before you hit retail stores compare prices online .
so wooden stick manufacturer http www.kylingm.com/details/wooden-stick needs to keep few things in mind if you want to get the most out of your money and have fun simultaneously .
good ol ' hash 2g https ocs.ca/products/good-ol-hash-good-supply by good supply 29.95
grower 's choice hybrid pre-roll 1x1g https ocs.ca/products/growers-choice-hybrid-pre-roll by good supply 6.50
send entalert https twitter.com/entalert a dm on twitter to get a personal in-stock alert .
so i have been looking around for available gaming laptops and i 've seen 2 which i like
1.the lenovo legion 5 with ryzen 4600h and gtx 1650
any comment on the performance of those who own either of these laptops ?
i will use it mostly for games like dota 2 and genshin .
maybe be able to finally try the witcher 3 .
will either be able to run these games on ultra at 60 fps consistenly ?
i love to learn so maybe someone with a thirst for knowledge as well !
i must admit i 've found myself devoid of friendship .
my friends here moved away and the rest of my friends are across the country .
i 'm looking to make connections and share friendship .
i 'm currently working as a research assistant is a soils ecology lab .
as an aspiring amateur musician guitarist music is life for me .
i study acoustic blues classical and folk americana celtic british folk-punk and goth rock .
but i love many genres i 'm currently into ambient afrobeat neo-soul jazz psych-funk .
aside from music i love to cook and bake .
a minor dream of mine is to start a restaurant .
i 've already lost 15 lbs through imf ... .
enough about me ... this is getting long winded haha
apparently my boss ' accountant has been ghosting him for a while now so i havent been receiving any payslips for 3 months .
which was n't too odd because my boss only gives me payslips when i asked for them he saves time he says .
at the same time me and my partner have been a long time now looking for a house an last week we finally found one and got our offer accepted .
i knew i was getting close to find a house and last month when i tought i found another house i asked for the 3 last payslips in the end the offer fell though but it has been one month and another house and still no payslips !
i am now in a very hughe rush to get them since the offer has been accepted and y need to start moving .
i feel really bad i am slowing everyone in the process my partner the sellers ...
anyone knows if there is another option i can show the bank like a letter or proof that shows i have been working and paying taxes ? ..
we tried to make one payslip online but the questions were too difficult to answer i am not an accountant ... and even if i do them online i could n't do the previous ones .
it took me a while to realize that these two recipes in sc are essentially the same .
i get the point of toning down a zombie so it does n't knock everyone out but if you drop the pomegranate grenadine it 's not really a zombie anymore it 's .
i used to be a huge gamer and then had kids .
now that the kids are growing up i picked up a used xbox 360 in the spring and fell in love with fallout 3 and new vegas having played 1 and 2 on the computer in the early 2000s .
but i never played any games online or via xboxlive ... .for those of you that are a little older i remember playing 4 way goldeneye on the 64 way back in my college days so i am excited to play with many people online .
over the weekend i inherited an early xboxone and i 'm getting it all setup and updated .
but i have a few questions and figure i can get the answers from the members of this sub .
1 can i play my 360 games on xboxone ?
i read that many/most can be played with an emulator on the one but i may need xbox live ?
i have physical 360 copies of fallout 3 and new vegas i thought i could just load them into the drive and start playing but i 'm a little overwhelmed .
2 if i get xbox live what level should i get ?
someone told me that the microsoft store only sells 3 month subscriptions because they are revamping the way it works ...
3 once i get connected to xboxlive what do you recommend i play ?
i would like to find a group of people to play with since most of my friends are older and do n't really game .
is there anyway to play fallout3 or newvegas with someone online ?
are there beginner players like me that maybe play fortnight ?
so i 've been playing skyrim like many others since it came out .
i 'm almost positive i 've done every quest possible but i really want to see if there 's something i 've missed .
i 'd love obscure quest suggestions or locations that are really easy to miss anything at all !
anyways what do you call the chief retainer of the kamisato clan
as we all get ready to get back i wanted to make a post to see if anyone else has also been feeling the way i am .
in march 2020 when we all left campus i did n't realize then that i would not return to ithaca until this semester .
and in that time so much has changed leaving me a lot more nervous to return .
i can not believe how anxious i am at the thought of coming back and seeing everything in this different way .
especially because i am now a senior ... which is a little crazy to say .
i am so nervous and i can barely explain why .
while covid is still this ever-looming threat i am trying to quell my always persistent fears of getting sick remembering my great times in ithaca .
but what if i am no longer the me i was when i was here ?
what if i am unable to cope with in-person classes ?
what if i start panicking during an in-person exam just because it is an exam just like i have been doing at home ?
i do n't know why i feel this way but i also want to say that if anyone else is feeling this sort of nervousness i am here for you and you are not alone .
i 'm gon na be graduating in the fall and i 'm trying to figure out what my degree is going to say ?
i just heard popping sound and now it wont go back on .
this is my first pc in so many years and i 'm sad it died like this
i take off my clothes in front of you being completely naked and i start to put on the dress
it ai n't worthy of being compared to the wire but it is a good show though .
i think i 'd be pretty proud of myself in that case 
aviso submeteu um artigo da plataforma nnio https nonio.pt uma plataforma que viola a privacidade do leitor .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/portugal if you have any questions or concerns .
the se mail literally says we have unlinked both square enix ids please go ahead and link the desired psn account with the desired square enix id .
you will need to launch final fantasy xiv online and then log in using the desired square enix id to link them '' .
tried reinstalling both ps4 5 clients but got the same error .
i 'm clueless now but thanks for thinking along .
i guess it doesnt matter if you believe in it .
in the long run it could be 10x as high as the ath it is now .
but in 5 years it could easily be 20k .
then dcaing right now still makes tons of sense .
but everybody has there own way of doing it in the crypto space .
good and i was worried if conservatives won the election it would empower ford .
i feel like i 've wasted my youth but i remind myself how bad my ocd/anxiety was when i was with everyone else .
very handsome watch too nice gift and grats to your son !
mostly because i missed the boat and fomo hurts .
i just finished filling a book and luckily i had 5 of the 7 common varieties of 82 .
i bought the two i was missing to finish the book .
technically there are 8 known varieties but the small date d copper is super rare ...
i think only less than ten have been found .
if it is copper it needs grading asap and is worth thousands .
i 'm not trying to be a downer but i highly doubt it 's copper .
because we do n't decide what we eat based on level of intelligence ?
otherwise we would be sparing pigs who are very highly intelligent and eating cats who are certifiable morons .
furthermore it is in our interest as humans to discourage cannibalism as much as possible .
once we permit it we find ourselves potentially on the menu .
its worth getting for if you 're not interested in full rotational play or if you want to play legacies or w/e
the only time sp has corruption issues is if a business owner dies off-lot and hands their business to a universal npc like the grim reaper or the therapist but you can just play with it in a neighborhood with no owned businesses
i think it was because the japanese government did not believe in the power of the atom bomb .
bombing cities to the ground was possible with boombers look at dresden .
so the u.s. was like well bombing another will show them '' .
it 's a very heavy subject to discuss but many believe it was justified because it ended the war and more soldiers did not have to die .
others think it did n't make any sense and believe that the japanese surrended because the u.s. was close to their mainland and the usrr invaded manchuria .
i agree post is dying but i play in a realism unit and we 're growing especially with the new aef realism mod .
but far from the only candidate uae is also a strong contender and i think bahrain is also a possibility .
apart from those dqs tjv and ineos also have to be in the mix .
because all those they cheated on me '' stories begin with their so being more honest ?
most of those stories the cheater will say anything except for hanging out with the person they 're cheating with .
i 'll definitely be at the beer exchange on friday wearing a shirt similar to my avatar on here .
one beer i 've never been able to get my hands on in florida is cigar city 's double barrel hunahpu 's .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanschicks if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly there was a brief very very brief period of time that i thought i finally figured out the crypto market .
but i 've long given up trying to predict or figure out the cycles .
just out of curiosity if trump had won the election and the withdrawal had proceeded to go exactly like this what would you be saying ?
i 've finished a 3 mile run then decided to do a few 100m sprints .
and you also get the benefit of an untargetable heavy d6 damage weapon for some anti tank .
also a good reason to take at least one chronomancer aside from the 5 buff which is reason enough
here 's the link to part 1 of the build
battlefield 2042 coming soon bruh i 'm hopping on that train the second it comes out
double negative in the title makes it confusing but basically wear a mask dumbass americans. im german and i approve her message .
i need you in my bed so i can mess it some more !
but if you understand them and their faith i still do not they believe all they have to do is push the button and their gods will make it so .
that 's why i love being from sheffield as our cathedral is just stunning truly .
no one 's gon na tell you so you might as well
they always said tesla drivers are pricks but this one is plain old stupid
i wish people cared more for the people dying than for joe biden 's political career
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/legalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean he might be into milfs or just trying to annoy you .
i thought it was a good book but it is hard '' to read in a sense .
gibson puts so much information in so little space that you really need to read slowly .
if a gamer shouts the r word or the n word into a lobby full of people or posts it on reddit and then says haha no homo you guys i was just being ironic '' they were n't .
we need to deradicalise religious and conservative people some how not kill anyone .
i 've been popping in there for about a month .
there were people who could n't possibly be more confident at 0.00000350 that it 's the lowest it 'll ever go .
god i do n't even play dbd anymore but please not another trickster update .
hello u/realprincessprincess unfortunately your submission hiking in florida '' to scarysigns has been removed for the following reason s
your post has been removed due to being a repost meaning another user has already posted it on this subreddit recently or that it is a very common post to this sub .
please remember to search the sub including top all time '' if you are n't sure that it has n't been posted before .
please note our repost '' rule is broad and covers different pictures of the same sign or signs with similar content or context .
original content can qualify as a repost if the sign is similar to one that has already been posted
if you feel this should not have been removed **stop and read the removal reason above** .
do not post it again and do not message rallyx26 directly .
if you still have questions after reading the removal reason stated above message the moderators https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fscarysigns subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/scarysigns/comments/p50wqb .
if we have to tell you to read the removal message we will issue you an immediate ban for wasting our time .
if you have any other questions please do not hesitate to message the moderators https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fscarysigns subject=question message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/scarysigns/comments/p50wqb .
do not delete this submission you will not be able to appeal any mod actions if the post is deleted .
if a little fixed up then the van horn mansion .
also maybe hanging dog ranch if there were no bandits .
agreed no need to post this in an attempt to get a laugh .
i need ideas i 'm thinking the main character will be john goblikon but what abilities should he have ?
i 'm thinking some sort of flurry attack like in none will survive but that might be clunky .
another idea was he could use his telekinesis seen in dressed as goblins to shoot objects across the level and jump on them but that might be really clunky .
my last idea is definitely a stupid gimmik i call it what 's next ?
iphone 7 ? where you shoot a projectile of 7 iphones and if you land on 7 you get a crit or it explodes or smth .
that would def only be a power up or smth temporary .
i would add that they 'll only provide instruction how to top dominance is a state of mind and being .
you can cultivate it but long term you either have it or you do n't .
instead the complainant was not a victim but a self-confessed perjurer '' they said .
on questioning at trial the woman agreed that she was knowingly giving false evidence to the court .
she also laughed '' in court as if mocking dr yeo and his wife said lawyer mr thuraisingam .
the swing set is a metaphor for the innocence of children and people in general .
the rust is a metaphor for the bad things in the world like drugs murder theft ...
so the poem is about the innocence of people that is slowly going away .
the leaves flying in the air '' and grass turning green '' means that it 's going back in time .
the squeak is the swing set getting old and being forgotten .
because an old swing set is n't really reliable to swing on .
that is a metaphor for becoming old and people forgetting who you were .
they put all the hashtags they can think about in there to get attention
take my angry upvote and ... enjoy a good glass of your favorite beverage .
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/innocentlynaughty if you have any questions or concerns .
sounds like you 're taking about pipe gloves from back in the day .
i used to ride gmc gloves an old now long defunct glove brand .
they built pipe specific gloves like you 're describing .
i 've found that the work wear gloves company mechanix makes gloves that are most similar to y2k pipe gloves .
as an added benefit since they 're not marketed towards winter action sports ...
but they work exactly how you describe your needs to be .
cache log some info about the app and how it runs best way i can explain .
maybe you app updated but the cache files could not be overwritten with the new files .
ric jerrom stephen thorne ... both excellent and they present stephen differently to both vance and tull
i nearly re bought the vance one i have as i find his regency-fop version of stephen so ott not quite the plain ordinary man often described ... and another thread recently i think shows tull 's heavy panto-irish accent on stephen is inconsistent with the book 's content in several areas
also have one by robert hardy but only an abridged version bought in error
i also have one by graham roberts and another by christopher kay both fine for me and similar to jerrom and thorne
i wonder if there is any pattern of preference of narrator to the listener 's nationality ?
there is big money and big power in creating this divide .
the divide makes the us weaker who do you think benefits most by fueling it ?
it is scary and yes shit is broken it 's our job to try and fix it .
they win when we do n't act to heal this .
and i ai n't lecturing you on imperialism i 'm teaching you american history cause you clearly do n't know it .
i wish you were uniquely stupid amongst americans but you 're about average .
ultimately the question is in the moment do you want to have sex or not ?
if you do then you can always introduce lube into the situation even people who do n't have issues with lubrication often use lube to help make sex more satisfying .
often at the start of a relationship the desire to have sex is stronger and then it settles down so it may simply be that this is your normal level of sexual desire that you 're feeling right now .
it may be that your boyfriend could put more time into foreplay and pre sex activities a body massage for example to help get you in the mood if that 's something you 're interested in .
and you 're doing absolutely the right thing going to your gynaecologist regarding the dryness .
one look at the soviet invasion would tell you getting deeply in afghanistan would not be worth it
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include both your platform tag and version tag in the title .
we require that you include ios or android as well as your app version number in the title in seperate brackets .
the app version not os version and not the word version '
if you encounter an error almost assuredly it is not an automod issue but a result of a keying error by the user so please review it carefully if your post fails !
please also take a moment to ensure you have set your user flair by tapping the 3 dots in the top right while in the subreddit and select change user flair ' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redditmobile if you have any questions or concerns .
not sure exactly when but i remember betting wayy back in 2016 or 17 and checking liquipedia for any standins they had them listed back then .
being a pedophile and being gay are completely different .
being gay or lgbtq are between two consenting people in the same age group or higher and both parties consent .
being a pedophile is fucking a child as a knowing young adult/adult .
little kids can even get pregnant because of that .
poloson is on gxr as well and he plays support
my experience has been my bill has always been as quoted and i get more speed than i pay for .
the only time i 've been lied to is from omission stating that if i got gigabit service they did n't tell me i 'd need special network equipment to get the full speed on a wired connection but that 's my only bad experience .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
i 'm not here to argue but to hopefully help anyone in need .
some helpful info on that type of question would be to research jesus ' connection to ot laws as well as reading hebrews .
it did n't fall on him as we were in a closed roofed arena .
he spooked at the sound of hail on the roof .
ca n't blame him though it was extremely loud and unpleasant hahah !
ye sorry it looked better in paint just make screnn bright
i mean i would n't say that but even tho if i see guys from from those areas dissin von i would n't say anything cs thts they opps and ion know them but this shit is some corny shit he put von on and got the nerve to record the tv saying who is this nigga on my screen like getcho corny ass on ik they gone downvote me but ion care that shit was so corny
every single time someone plays a sketch or listens to his music or watches old streams that 's him living on .
now this works for me it does n't have to for you .
whatever your grieving process is it 's yours and yours alone and i wish you well .
i 'm a firm believer that there are 3 types of death death of consciousness death of physical body and then death of memory .
where something is so forgotten and no one speaks of it that the very memory of it dies .
i do n't know what comes next for his family his friends and for the rest of the group ... but i can confidently say that trevor will be talked about and remembered for a very long time .
he may be gone but i do n't think he 'll ever really leave .
and there 's something kind of beautiful about that i mean amidst the tragedy and overall horrible feelings involved ... i love that his son will know what his dad 's voice sounded like .
it will never amount to having trevor be here physically but in spirit i do n't think he 's going anywhere 
you can just bring your card but bindle might be quicker for the staff .
i thought it was some guy 's crazy idea of char going doom mode
my former friends mum named her dog after me .
i play every game on easy i would play demons souls dark souls on easy too if i could not to mention bloodborne
i think boruto will be more like sasuke and for the lack of raw power he will probably make it up in terms of coming up with strategies
is it possible for them to live in peace or should the world remove them ?
use water with a small amount of detergent in it and pour a small amount on the stain leave it for a few minutes then scrub it with a rag
american born chinese like to differentiate themselves from fresh off the boat '' chinese .
it 's not always derogatory just a distinction my husband is chinese and my college roommates were both chinese .
i 'm gon na guess she was doing something like that .
differentiating american born or bahamian black versus african blacks .
it 's the ghost wisp but i do n't think it has an official form for sonic yet .
and if you were talking about the actual color it 's a lighter shade of green ?
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
what does a private for-profit healthcare system have to do with federal taxes ?
for phiballs who have purchased do n't forget to register yourself so you can meet gulf in zoom '' this is begging ?
if anything this is actually far from begging  dear rena please try to comprehend the post better 1000 is not the number of products sold it 's registered users .
products must 've sold more than that that 's why they keep reminding everyone to register .
here are various examples recommended by nvidia for content creation work .
google the various laptops models on here and you may find some deals .
examples the gigabyte aero 15 has shown up on newegg for 1299 with discounts .
i would recommend picking 4k or 2k resolutions based laptops .
if you are looking something for 2 in 1 also .
try hp spectres 15s with a dedicated gpu other choices are asus studio duos .
these things straddle the line between a gaming laptop where they focus on high speed fps but shitty resolution lack of color gamut reproduction and differences on focuses .
someone may want 4k resolution for work but a gamer will probably want faster framerate vs 60 fps .
next is the lack of color reproduction a gaming laptop maybe ntsc 45 250 nites brightness which makes work a major pain .
you may get lucky on ebay on older models of these laptops suggested by nvidia on studio work .
i do n't see a reason to change it it 's still booba sword man booba sword 
i do n't pay much attention to this sort of thing but i seem to recall people twitter morons getting pissed at depp initially and then the narrative that he was the bad guy getting shut down pretty quick .
seems like yet another good lesson on taking everything at face value without waiting for the other side of the story .
so it 's been mentioned many times in this thread but antarctica was n't covered in ice during the mesozoic rather it was a very lush and forest covered continent .
if you happen to follow australian dinosaur news the dinosaurs of the antarctic were very similar .
your title is essentially blaming others for your poor time management skills .
mommy why is that weird man taking pictures of people on the escalator ? ''
he 's also a republican and op is specifically asking for someone not in that party .
unfortunately i would say there is no great democrat/independent competitor on this list at all .
i would n't mind someone taking a photo of me dripping .
and the shannon still managed to beat the chesapeake .
but hey at least i did n't miss the flight .
like freaking mcdonald 's would be better that 's basically the ultimate insult to someone 's cooking .
i used palette so i did not want to change colors drastically .
that we basically ask '' to get sexually assaulted because of what we wear .
others already have given one option but you can also right click inactive hot bars in the hud customization screen to activate them .
the original poster also got theirs pierced with a hoop .
everyone here is apparently making big fucking mistakes so gtfo
this is a big problem across the whole club .
everyone appears to be trying to replicate what wenger achieved 20 years ago .
football has become quicker and more direct due to footballers becoming fitter athletes
arsenal must stop this bulshit of trying to become the arsenal of yester years .
we 're a swinging couple but the f plays individually from time to time .
but even then they would probably just find a cheese anyways
something i like doing is calculating how much irl items in rs3 would be worth .
since you can buy a bond for 6.99 and sell it for 28m gp that 's about 4m gp per 1 .
jagex could n't defeat rwt so they just joined in .
but it is currently out of stock from where i buy gfuel i am not in the us but i will wait for the restock !
i have this issue with apple if my connection is poor .
basically the episode attempts to download hits a moment where my data or internet drops and the download fails .
tip one go ahead and set the brakes while on a approach .
tip two touch down in the first quarter of the runway .
second if the enemy team is playing properly and taking all the neutrals then you 're going to be 3 or 4 levels behind when you spawn in then you 're likely to lose the first dred fight since you spawn in like 30 seconds before it happens and then the enemy can easily snowball off of that .
sure it is technically possible to win a match where you 've dc 'd but if you 're playing with players higher ranked than great it 's neigh impossible unless they throw .
ruined an original mint copy of elvis ' golden records the first time i played it .
it slipped out my hand and landed on the spindle leaving a huge dent all the way through love me tender .
i was not pleased ... on the bright side i did find an equally mint single of teddy bear taped to the sleeve of that lp .
this is a pretty common problem in a lot of subreddits people need search then post not the other way around .
most people are n't political activists so this image you portray about vietnam is quite overblown .
or plant some shade growing flowers as a visual reminder of do n't run there. there were simpler solutions available in any case .
i have sold mcn mc skirt se skirt i have everything else
i think she truly believes she married up '' .
when i bring my car next year ill get a membership there .
nobody is being rude here but you go back and read my comments .
they 're full of open and willing knowledge not rude remarks like yours .
there 's no problem with fucking tea tree oil but it does n't have a place for use on piercings .
this reminds me i have kilju that 's been brewing for like a month
sussy baka i say this a lot as a joke but it gets annoying when other say it a lot
there was a big delay before they could officially hire taylor because of the rams ' super bowl run .
he was n't sure if the bengals would offer him a position or not so he took the job with the jets .
they do n't misunderstand it just hits them too perfectly .
they want the normal movie fantasy where someone kicks in the door at the last minute or where upham gains the resolve to act or something anything .
but the film gives us the bitter reality that people seize up that help arrives too late that you do n't die manly and stoic but helpless and begging .
it 's easier to hate upham than to admit that there 's a good chance that we 'd be him .
it 's not different than the play-in wild card in mlb or the wild card in nfl .
the nba could just expand the playoff field to 10 teams in each conference without a play-in tournament and we would n't really complain .
besides the lakers/warriors game was better than any game in the first round not including dame .
i 'll comment on both parts of your prediction here
1 i feel like your pt top 5 does n't really make sense as team scores are heavily related in pt and there has so far never been a top 5 with 5 different teams in it .
2 a personal gripe is you putting shubble below 30 while on a first place team she has placed below 40 5 times but in 4 of those her team got bottom 4 of which 2 teams missed a player for at least 1 game mcc 15 where even an average sot performance would put her in top 30 and mcc 8 where joey left halfway through in a team that was already the weakest by far .
it is something that could happen especially if rs comes back and both that and ar are played but i would say it is somewhat unlikely .
it 's not even to be the best but the most fashionable and be more premium by having devs committed into their ecosystem by having exclusives apps that you can only legally access with a facebook account .
iphones killed a lot of competitors including windows phones simply by windows phones having no devs .
as for best i do n't mean the technical best i mean the brand that people think when they think of smartphone '' and what they want to get .
well why did the feds lower the rates three time in 2019 ?
where we were was circling the drain and then covid was mishandled allowing it to spread like wildfire .
so biden is n't given the courtesy of being allowed to come to the wh to make the transition is handed a recessed economy that 's what the numbers say and a pandemic but he should have had that all straightened out by now ?
i do n't care who was in office that would be an amazing feat .
if took obama over six years to clean us bush 's mess .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/loveforanimesexuals if you have any questions or concerns .
what would be petty is if you agreed to show up and then let everyone know you 're not close and what a witch she is .
i had to do a 20 page project and present it to a panel who asked me a bunch of questions .
as soon as i encountered them i loved the abyss watchers .
they look awesome their music is awesome their moveset is awesome their cutscenes are awesome their weapon is awesome ... easily my favourite souls boss over all 5 games .
throw in 2000 burgers in las vegas or 1300 steak cuts in london ... yeah it 's plausible .
six injured after tesla crashes in school car park telegraph
for a dude who does n't even look like he showers .
justin bieber is worth 3.2 billion i do n't think she gives a fuck how often he showers .
i got this notification while consuming one of the drugs i 'm addicted to at work
he was in charge of the towns cultural center .
he passed away so i ca n't ask who everyone in the picture is .
but my mom only recognized the man in the middle leaning towards the women as jan malanka .
that guy assassinating me in that very pose was the first image to jump to mind .
i 'm sure the prusa finished itself no glitches or clogs it thought the print was complete but it was probably only 80 printed .
when is the last time tangerine was down for a full business day for unscheduled maintenance with no updates from their customer relations team ?
nta-they would never leave and make your life a living hell .
if they are so concerned they can take them in
more that the hospital system gets overwhelmed in the middle of summer causing state wide problems for both the unvaccinated and the vaccinated .
it is n't just about deaths and it is n't just about covid once the hospitals are full and noone can recieve treatment for anything .
sorry no luck for that one just pray the cancer away i guess .
i was kind of wondering how many of those captured m-16s were actually going to be maintained in a functional condition .
it 's not that hard but it requires actually giving half a damn especially in a place like afghanistan where it would have to be regularly cleaned and lubricated .
yeah daughter should n't have worn her dress without her permission .
but how the hell does that excuse the mother yelling a curse word at her .
that 's so insensitive i would 've asked her what her problem was .
i love getting 1 heavy swing in that does a ton of damage and stagger
for me a beater watch is not a disposable watch but a watch that i think would improve by gaining scratches and dings over years of use .
with that said my beater is spb143 because i do think it 'll improve with scratches and bumps if something can even get through the diashield coating .
if i 'm doing something that is so very likely to damage a watch to a point where disposable watch is the right answer then i 'll just take the watch off for those few minutes or hours back pocket it and put it back on after the task .
i do own a g-shock but it 's part of a rotation than a beater watch .
allowing homosexuality ye sure that was the problem/s and sorry when was this allowed maybe lets ask the gays thrown from buildings .
less religious ... theyre the most religious states nowadays doesnt seem to work the less to not religious states are the ones doing fine nowadays whats your reasoning there ?
ca n't comment on the aeon 4 as the only aeon i have is the vyro one however i do own a fibonacci and the build quality and performance is amazing .
the problem with german pipes is they 're very open and airy which is great for clouds but can dull the flavour .
i play a bladesinger wizard that has reflavoured all his spells into various contraptions and kunai that he then throws/uses to trigger the spell effects .
another idea i have in a more steam punk setting is a revolver for a warlock that gets upgraded with the number of rounds in the barrel as they level .
eg they have a four shot revolver at high levels eldritch blast and then use a special round for spells .
also sorlocking to fan the hammer is fun with this concept xd
to me it sounds like he tried to do some dirty talk to make sex more intense but he did n't ask for permission first so it was wrong and extremely disrespectful .
i suggest you talk to him and let him know how you felt .
tell him that if he wants to try things during sex like dirty talk he needs your permission first .
or are you just uncomfortable with this and using them as an excuse ?
you say yourself that fil was controlling why not let the woman live .
how do you know that fil might of asked the stepson to pair up with mil ?
fils and mils relationship might looked controlling to others but it might of been the way they wanted it .
there are different lifestyles out there that look weird to others but to the couple it feels right .
what you need to concentrate on is how your family .
your kids might ask questions but it 's only as weird as you make it .
this is no different to cousins pairing up and that happens a lot .
a no takes like 10 turns and b you can do that yes
put it on and people instantly think you 're a dwarf despite size or race .
the draugr also where part of the people who devoted themselves to the dragons like the dragon priests so back when they where more common there where a lot of peeps with the voice .
she was caught on his hotel balcony and both looked like they had just woken up ... .
from what i 've read here you ca n't buy chips for shark card money .
that luffy and current luffy are completely different ppl strength wise .
gear 4 luffy got one shotted after the fight against kaido
i get the point but african elephants typically live to 70 and the global average life expectancy of humans is 66 .
mutta onhan alueella kuitenkin matkailu kehittynyt huimasti on marmorilouhosta ja kalastusta ... helppo yhteys voisi list kiinnostusta puolin ja toisin .
we know that there are smoke detectors in plane toilets .
i would ignore that seems like more emotional rollercoaster stuff that 's not a calm adult wanting to work things out with you that 's someone freaking out and wanting to still have control .
do n't encourage that kind of behavior by responding .
that does n't seem to line up with the funding announcement which includes both new projects and expansion to existing funding
again the issue is the translation of funding into tangible shifts thats where i want more information
but u can explain to me how u will find me pls
i replaced the fan of the piboy with a pimoroni fan shim '' one from the bay for 10 and then put some copper coolers on too .
https www.amazon.de/gp/product/b07d4bwk6g/ref=ppx\_yo\_dt\_b\_asin\_title\_o00\_s00 ? ie=utf8 psc=1 https www.amazon.de/gp/product/b07d4bwk6g/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o00_s00 ? ie=utf8 psc=1 like in this pic https m.media-amazon.com/images/i/718+rw5sozl.\_ac\_sl1500\_.jpg
after that i got max temperatures from 50c before 60c and the fan is much quiter now .
a bit tricky to change the plug from the old fan to the new one but it 's doable .
if you use the screws from the pimoroni fan like i dit then use them from the bottom to the top and not as before from top to the bottom .
you do n't need the board from the pimoroni fan .
im quite sure i can drop the temperatures a bit more after drilling some holes in the back .
so for me it 's possible to oc the piboy a bit if necessary .
just use this guide to replace the fan with the pimoroni one and keep in mind to change the plugs from the old fan to the pimoroni
whim of volrath https c1.scryfall.com/file/scryfall-cards/normal/front/e/2/e259da60-c8bc-4a77-98ed-e529dc067732.jpg ? 1562056896 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=whim 20of 20volrath sf https scryfall.com/card/tmp/102/whim-of-volrath ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/e259da60-c8bc-4a77-98ed-e529dc067732 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text er https edhrec.com/cards/whim-of-volrath
i adopted a stray kitten last year and feeling motherly changed my whole perspective .
and i still do n't agree with you on the intellect of your brother and dad .
they might just be ganging up on you or just have different knowledge/interests .
you do n't have to be interested in the same things as them .
you do n't have to have the same knowledge and strengths as them .
i truly believe like most people that there 's no single baseline to judge intellect .
some people are good at math some are good at arts some are good with public relations whatever .
trust me when you find the thing you love doing career or hobby you 'll know and you 'll have confidence .
you wo n't be bothered by others ' bs .
this is a good start but it 's quite far form the final solution .
your logo shoud n't be that literal and obvious .
those bubbles and heavy stroke of the furnace are not doing the job .
here in europe rf coordinator is a must have role for big festivals .
normally they ask all bands to restrict the use of rf equipment to their soundcheck and change over+show times .
those frecuencies might be used by other band in a nearby stage and just cuasually turning your iems on/off at any time can create a terrible mess that you will not be aware .
rf coordinators are always monitoring the spectrum and would n't be the first time i have to chase a monitor eng because he is checking i-don't-know-what off time .
we know who 's messing because we know who others have that freq .
and believe me is never a nice discussion once they have done what we specifically tell them not to do .
you have to think about your rf as a big-ass torch you will light up in the middle of a cinema .
be sure there is no movie in the screen before turning it on ...
for me it happens when i 'm awake yeah but not like i 'm a dream .
it 's crazy to hear things that do n't exist yet or like i 've already written hear an artist who is dead sing a song that they have never sung before .
to hear something that is n't yet materialized in the real world .
and if on your property it 's your right to shoot them .
put it in the freezer then slm it down on a wooden tabletake s
a small scruw driver and srape all the bits out
i remember some 3-4 months ago before the last crash and after safemoon was released there was a report on local tv news about a guy who put all of his life savings into it 20k if i remember correctly .
he gave a short interview and was convinced it would make him rich .
that works i need to change it to my personal account and then there is an option called 'share to page ' from there i can change the 'post as ' option back to my company page and share it .
all i ask is for you to upvote this comment back !
i started watching arsenal in 99 so it 's quite easy to just say from then to 2005/06 ish .
i really enjoyed the period between 2011-2017 where we really seemed to be hitting our stride under wenger again and getting some trophies .
had a fair amount of exciting players during that period too
personally i followed the akari/suzuna tl and it worked perfectly for me .
i do recall that for the skkr tl skkr needs to be at 4 if her ex skill is unlevelled so that might be the problem here .
matt murdock can do whatever he damn well wants bitch !
none of the other some of them useless defenders even came close to what matt has done for the city and for new york after the 2 seasons and defenders .
let 's fucking see from s1-defenders matt has put away fisk disrupted gao 's drug line fought off nobu the hand twice .
he can do whatever he fucking wants even if that means hanging out on a church basement methinks !
i mean all jessica jones does is be snarky and an asshole to the people around her and whine about not wanting to be a hero why are n't you calling that out ?
seulgi really gives out the push and pull factor as she belts out the lines in pushin pullin you can just visualize the song as she sings it
ps you 're a violin despicable little rat making personal attacks and it will return to you tenfold .
you 're a sick disgusting vile violent cowardly monsters run demonic little freak .
we are a very chatty helpful and derby orientated heighborhood .
level is not important for us we look for active and engaged players .
derby is not obligatory however when opted in we expect to finish all tasks .
the criteria for support is tb3 or usb4 controller possibly the t2 chip swell..
now since you have got my attention and made me switch to my pc i will try to point out specific incoherence in your statement .
bear with me and try to manage your prejudice even further which you have done excellently so far .
all i 'm saying is this is n't normal since always ... .not to this extent anyway .
earlier there used to be instances of honour killings in the name of caste and milder than that ... maybe some close relative might admonish you for being seen in public with the opposite gender . ''
this statement smells with the staunch of politically motivated ideology that these happenings have increased in just last few years they are not .
secondly the underlying assumption that indian parents have been beating their wards since the stone-age but only this moral policing phenomena started recently is also wrong .
indian parents have been aggressive only after the population boom in india following the rule of availability '' .
just because a lot of indian households suffer from dysfunctional power dynamics between parents-kids does not mean that we have to accept this gross abuse at the hands of total strangers in a free country . ''
i am not asking anyone to accept either of these just making the point that both of them are interrelated and coherent .
india as a nation will have to eradicate child abuse before expecting anything less than sympathy for these goons if they are punished for engaging physically for correcting the social wrong .
i might be the only one to feel this from your comments but this certain superiority for having a better culture in some aspects should result in empathy for those suffering from oppressive anachronistic practises rather than thinking they are hypocrites for expecting things to not go in the worse direction ''
we do n't have better cultural aspects from yours we just have different cultural aspects .
as i mentioned earlier this practice is very much contemporary not anachronistic so not gon na say anything further on that and no i am not calling them hypocrite for asking for social justice they have every right to do that i am calling them hypocrite for not acknowledging the clear correlation between two social cultural phenomena one of which is underlying root for the other .
basically i am saying that it would take at least two generations of unbeaten kid to get rid of this social bullying scenario from india .
fallout 4 or fallout 76 titanfall 1 2 metro dead space bioshock apex legends csgo .
i did n't even need to research this one !
no i 'm waiting for you to actually ask a question what can be answered .
you not asking a question that can be answered is dodging .
what question are you asking that needs to be answered ?
we 're talking a huge area you need to narrow down here .
or perhaps you were just looking to present the illusion you had something to say when you did n't .
books room in travel lodge 20 miles away just off the highway
spends all day watching crap daytime tv and eating cheetos
new accounts are not allowed to post in r/gonemild .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to submit here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose age limits .
we do not make exceptions so please do not ask .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gonemild if you have any questions or concerns .
built on morrissey receiver it 's just a name brand thing that akou fanboys drool over get a og barrel kit and childers receiver and send it to cwgunwerks and you 'll have a better rifle
we had a great sex life until this just happened .
kanka bisi dicem annanann sooor zorttt gotten stm recep ivedik guluyoz gotten sex nefes alrsn anana sor verirsin babanadogru gat muaaaaa bum k bum k anana sor tovbeee ayem indidi danolayn yarragina sikeroy patlat piuv vacinov ba olin dowm un di dip web ti koreraftu biis mocingay vacinov ba rolin in di dip veb de korarefte vrrrr vrrrr dame to cosita eh ay dame tocosita burn buryen burnburyen ayfoma dame tocosito yarrak ver demekmis ahahahah anana sor iyi bilir za xd knk
does that mean that pandemic food stamp bonuses are ending ?
it was up to 289 per person ... just saying .
nobody is mentioning the huge financial muscles cardano have all the fees and new eth and btc goes to miners .
while in ada it is given out to everyone even the guy with 5 ada in his wallet gets a piece every 5 days and a huge fund is there to help developers and community members .
we have a fund that pays out millions of dollars to developers every 6 weeks !
70 different projects where funded only a week ago in a few weeks a hundred project will likely get funded .
people say nobody will develop in contracts in haskell given millions of dollars i am pretty sure developers will come running to cardano .
his grandkids should all change their last names when they are old enough .
facebook market place or thrift stores are great places to look .
depending on your region you may have yard sales or estate sales as options too .
this seems like an r/tooafraidtoask question for this sub but i have no idea how to search for this in the duplicates part of the sub i am so sorry if this does n't fit .
i 've designed a book cover '' for a friend a4 thesis cover front and back but i have no idea how is best to export/print this out for them to use .
could i please have any advice from the community that would help me please ?
sometimes when i go to start the car the starter goes but the car wo n't fire .
usually sending the foot all the way down on the pedal starts it right up .
i 've cleaned the throttle body and replaced the idle air control valve .
anyone else have this problem and figured a solution ?
and i feel this way about alot of fixed leader skills .
i am nowhere near good enough to manipulate a 7x6 board and make water rows and try to get rid of the rest of the colors .
i know it does n't sound like the bungie games .
117 is one of the best tracks in all of halo .
this short story is about no one in particular .
that 's what the post said online only '' .
i was looking for submissive a slave for my bidding .
you were looking for a dominant a man to control you .
the rules and tasks were exactly what you needed .
the desire to be dominated consumed you it was an itch you could n't scratch and urge that pulled at you .
first we talked got to know each other discussed kinks limits past experiences our favorite foods .
then we took a step together after you consented to being my submissive .
you had some experience but this was your first real foray into bdsm .
little by little we tried new things opened your eyes to new experiences .
you felt pleasure like never before and as i had promised pain as well .
every single order you were given was completed to the best of your abilities .
even when you felt you failed which was rare you still attempted to please me .
soon we were chatting as frequently as our schedules would allow .
i still remember when you sent me a picture of your tied tits with the clamps on your nipples .
you had chose to send it without any order .
clearly that arrangement was desired by both of us .
between busy schedules miles between us as well as other ... factors shall we say in our lives irl or tpe was never in the cards .
from the moment you first typed yes master '' when i gave you an order i wanted to push the depth of our relationship .
for you it was how commanding i was how i take what i want while still respecting your limits and how when the scene is complete i always make sure to check in .
it happened so suddenly and without much discussion but i think we both knew we wanted to push the envelope .
as amazing as it was controlling you by messages and with the pictures you sent being able to control you in real time was infinitely better .
hearing how submissive you sound as i tell you what to wear or not wear to gag yourself how to spank yourself how hard to twist your nipples what to put in your ass and whether or not to cum .
of course i let you cum you are a good girl and i want to hear you in ecstasy while kneeling on your hardwood floor wetness dripping from your pussy .
we continued to find time to play just you and me .
despite how horny you constantly were my slave freely allowed herself to abstain from masturbating and cumming except for when we played .
this made sure you were the perfect obedient slut for your master .
i mentioned i was travelling for business one of my first company trips since covid .
you noted that you had some extra days off that you were saving up .
we went from causally flirting and teasing to actually considering whether we could meet .
my hotel was about a 25 minute drive from your house .
i had meetings until thursday but had friday and saturday free before flying back .
you had no issue being away for the two days .
when thursday night finally arrived i was looking forward to everything i had prepared .
i had a limo pick you up from work .
once you arrived at the hotel you were to approach the front desk and give them the fake name we discussed chantal .
you were handed a key card and made your way up to the room .
once there the room was empty apart from a bottle of wine a box on the bed and a note on the desk .
you 're welcome to the wine my sexy slave .
you are to shower and prepare yourself for my arrival .
once you finish your shower you are to only adorn the items inside the box on the bed .
further instructions are inside and you are only to open them once you finish showering . ''
you checked the clock noting that 6 was only about 25 minutes away .
stripping out of your sexy outfit you had planned for the occasion and had carefully put on after work you quickly headed into the shower .
the notes and anticipation of my arrival only made you more wet but you knew you had neither the time nor the permission to play .
inside you found a bright red ball gag a long thin butt plug a pair of nipple clamps with a heavy chain connecting them a blindfold and a pair of handcuffs .
the note was simple it remind you of my arrival and that i expect you ready .
i also noted the order of the items just in case your mind was completely focused on the task gag ... clamps ... plug ... find your position in the center of the room legs spread ... blindfold ... then the handcuffs behind your back of course .
checking the time ... 5:58 as you stepped to the center of my hotel room .
you placed the blindfold on the clamps and plug reminding you of the situation even as your vision went dark .
a couple deep breaths as you click the cuffs closed around your wrists behind your back .
the wait feels like an eternity before the door finally opens .
your heart is pounding until you hear my voice telling you that you are a good little slave .
it increases again as my fingers first touch your wet pussy and slide inside you .
were going to have a lot of fun this weekend slave ... ''
short story is i 've caught my girlfriend in a lie .
she does n't really think there is anything wrong and i 'm more of the belief it brings the entire relationship into questionable territories .
the long story is so much more than that .
she went out for drinks the other night and came home hammered at three in the morning .
she then proceed to sleep on the coach instead of coming to bed .
the next day i asked her how her night was .
she told me she ran into a friend of mine then she met up with her girlfriend and had drinks and played pool .
the friend of mine that she ran into well ex friend really i had unfortunately fired from work the day before .
me and this friend go way back and were in active addiction and homeless together .
i 've tried everything over the years to help and he was stuck in the toxic spiril which is addiction and i told him i could n't help and and refused to enable him anymore .
he tried to square up and fight me at this point shit got heated and we parted ways .
my girlfriend had known this all to of happened .
so earlier in the day before she went for drink we had gotten into an argument over our dog eating one of our daughter diapers .
pulled the whole you should of done this and this should of been done ect ect .
well after the events i saw on one of my girlfriends friend snapchats them all sitting with my girlfriend and my ex friend taking shots together .
in a kind of sideways manner i asked if my girlfriend new that my ex friend was going to be there and she told me that he had messaged her earlier but was n't certain if he was going to be there or not and only ended up seeing him for a little bit anyways .
this story was n't making sense to me so i did a bit more digging .
after a bit of questioning i find out she was the one to message him and had actually been drinking with him most of the evening .
shitty part is this is n't even the first time she 's purposely hid the fact that she 's gone out drinking with the guy !
i 've asked her why she 's tried to hide it and at first she tried to turn it around on me like i was acting jealous and that i was blowing it out of proportion .
she goes out and does stuff all the time .
she a stay at home mum and i do everything in my power to make sure she gets time away because i feel like it 's important to her .
she starting going off like i was acting like they slept together .
which i was n't insinuating at all i was just trying to make it make sense and figure out why she lied at all .
she even went as far as to say she was worried about my mental health which i 'm pretty sure is textbook definition and i do hate using the term because it gets thrown around alot in this day an age of gas lighting .
she 's settled on the story that she lied because she thought i 'd be mad if i knew she and my ex friend were hanging out .
which after firing the guy i was n't exactly happy about .
however she claims that i should n't care who she hangs out with if i trusted her .
i claim that i do n't care who she hangs out with but i care who she lies to me about and i ca n't trust someone who lies to me .
i 've told her we have nothing else to talk about till she can make it make sense .
we 're in the midst of trying to buy a house and living at her father 's place .
i 'm not close to my family anymore neither emotionally nor physically .
i 'd pack up and leave but i 've got my daughter to think about as well .
i just do n't know and i just ca n't make it make sense .
hey guys this is my first post to this sub .
i am a guitar and bass player first but i dabble in many other instruments .
my friend has had this accordion for a few years now but it was in bad shape and she never really did anything with it .
flash forward to a few weeks ago she asked me if i wanted it since she did n't have enough room at her new place .
i could n't say no and have been going down a rabbit hole ever since .
it needs some work and i have done a ton of research over the past few days .
i figured i would ask this community where would be the best place to order parts namely reed leathers .
also what is the best way to clean the bellows ?
it has a pretty musty smell due to probably being in a damp midwest basement for years .
i love taking stuff apart and learning how it works so i 'm definitely up for the task .
it was n't a surprise we knew it was coming but it still felt like a train ran me over .
i am trying so so hard to be everything she taught me to be and to manage a busy household and take care of everyone and everything but i know i 'm not doing even half the job she would 've .
anyways today one of her good friends called me to tell me how much she missed my mom and was thinking of me .
anyone else i can say i 'm ok. '' or i 'm getting by '' but i just broke down and started crying .
during this time i heard the house phone ring and someone leaving a message .
i have n't listened to the house messages in a long long time because most people just call my cell but there was 28 missed messages and i sat down to go through them all .
most i had dealt with because people called my cell after leaving a message but 3 or 4 messages in there was one from my mom .
i was n't expecting to hear her voice and after already crying it just wrecked me .
i cried so hard i threw up 3 times and then sat back down and replayed the message and cried and cried .
i know people say it will get easier but ... does it actually ?
i just miss my mom so much and if she were here she 'd be able to make me feel better like only moms can .
i think i just needed to get this off my chest but i miss her so much i physically hurt and feel my heart breaking .
tl dr i heard my mom 's voice on the answering machine unexpectedly and am completely wrecked and ca n't stop crying because i miss her so much .
only interested in discounts if buying more than 2 movies ! ! !
plz do n't ask me for a 2 movie for a 1 .
how to train your dragon 1 7 4k ma 1 left
how to train your dragon 2 7 4k ma 1 left
pretty in pink 6 hd vudu itunes fn 1 left
those who wish me dead 8 hd ma 1 left
his dark materials the complete second season 10 hd vudu 1 left
rick and morty complete collection seasons 1-4 32 hd vudu 1 left
a bad mom 's christmas 2017 3 4k itunes only 2 left
the fast and the furious 5 4k ma 1 left
fate of the furious extended 3 4k ma extended director 's cut is hd free with any purchase over 5
fifty shades darker 3 4k ma free with any purchase over 5
transformers the last knight 3 4k itunes hd vudu available free with any purchase over 5
i feel pretty 1 itunes free with any purchase over 2
xxx return of xander cage 4 hd itunes vudu fn 1 left
i am currently trying out a few different staking nods .
one has a 5 commission and the other 8.99 and are earning between 10.5 11 p.a .
i only have a few thousand cro in each but im planning to hold cro for the foreseeable future until being able to upgrade my card stake .
my question i need help with is how often should i be compounding and claiming my rewards so i will not pay more in commissions ?
or just wait til i have a certain amount of cro it reinvest ?
players making 4 groups of 6 or more places filling fast !
on the planet of raukin iv w**ithin the depths of the crime-infested under-hive foulness reigns .
an insidious disease has infected a moderately sized habitation block the under-hive which has been cordoned off in its entirety by the local criminal authorities .
at first it was expected to be a disease of mundane make .
some even suggest it is work of an insidious sort the work of the servants of the father of pestilence .
your mission as given to you by interrogator garrick is to arrive on the scene and investigate rumours of the disease being caused by a supposed heretical cult that dwells within the structure .
discover the heretic and purge them before it is too late for if the disease escapes dark tidings shall be upon this world indeed .
message me directly on reddit or head to my discord at https discord.gg/rc9fwgp9qv https discord.gg/rc9fwgp9qv to join in .
otherwise message my personal discord directly at captain atlas 1995 for more info !
i do n't have an agent went to see a place and plan on making an offer .
do i need to get an agent before making an offer ?
i 'm thinking of just asking the seller agent to be a dual agent .
is there anything i need to be aware of ?
the woman in the video has an arm that ends in a rounded nub .
in the video she sticks her nub in a bowl of rice and pulls it out to find one of those tiny plastic hands on the end .
i 'm trying to show it to a friend and ca n't find it anywhere after trying and failing to google for it .
also i checked the faq and i think this is an okay post to make .
mahma tells me to not pee on baby brudder noggin and tells baby brudder not to pee on dart 's noggin .
i has to smell what brudder is peein on and brudder has to smell what i is peein on .
finny pee on dart and dart pee on finny .
like when dart do finny a protec and finny do dart a protec .
hey everyone i have some experience with programming i 'm fluent in python and javascript i really want to get into cybersecurity but do n't know how i 've seen some courses on udemy but do n't think they 're that beneficial i wan na get my hands dirty from where can i start ?
i generally play both sides of the game sometimes survivor and usually killer .
but this time as a killer i have only encountered games in which the survivors only know how to do 2 things repair and hide .
i was playing as the oni and my build was barbecue ruin undying and lethal pursuer the only problem was that they always found my totems instantly in my games i could only have a maximum of 4 hooks because as i said they only hid and never i found them and for a change was that most of them used urban evasion so i never found their traces .
for this reason i hate those types of people because it is a fucking pain in the ass when i find a game like that .
aave will be implementing the first wave of exploring new scalability frontiers with polygon https medium.com/aave/exploring-new-frontiers-with-aave-59563ddd2405 74 points 9 comments comments/mh9r77
ama with the aave genesis team on clubhouse this fri. feb .
the proposal for the activation of the aave balancer pool liquidity staking is up for governance vote !
matic liquidity mining available in the aave market on polygon https i.redd.it/z01puqb9c5t61.png 51 points 65 comments comments/mqrc2s
excited to announce that the aave-balancer asset manager will be the first asset manager on balancer v2 enabling idle assets to earn yield on aave https medium.com/balancer-protocol/balancer-partners-with-aave-to-build-the-first-v2-asset-manager-d9c173330151 49 points 1 comment comments/lqnh90
the migration tool for aave v1  v2 is now available !
aave balancer pool token abpt staking is officially live !
nash to use aave protocol in first-ever defi-powered fiat bank accounts 82 points 9 comments comments/lyc4w2
a new way to earn through aave nash earnings 20 points 6 comments comments/p5g4zg
 breaking news ethlend welcomes us borrowers expanding the world 's largest decentralized lending protocol .
another step forward and a big achievement for the team !
 ethlend defi lending https www.financemagnates.com/cryptocurrency/news/fintech-company-aave-receives-cryptocurrency-licenses-in-estonia 3 points 0 comments comments/ajc5yh
 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=k3vdqhnfni0 3 points 0 comments comments/d274iv
 vote for your favorite tokens to be added on ethlend collateral listings https blog.ethlend.io/community-vote-on-next-collateral-token-round-iv-33be1c559022 3 points 0 comments comments/9zn0d5
 ethlend is switching its price source to coingecko 3 points 0 comments comments/a2ol9g
breaking news bitcoin lending release baiji now on ethereum testnet !
 want to see lend on be listed on lbank exchange ?
join lbank community voting click here to support lend 3 points 0 comments comments/9ocuyj
 aave launches aave lending and introduces as the first client the largest swiss peer-to-peer lender cashare .
 aave launches investment branch that combines vc and advisory aave venture 3 points 0 comments comments/9jbmoe
i 've deposited funds into aave ... now what ?
why is this community so small and this project so underrated ?
aave a defi project will release an ethereum-based twitter alternative this year https khatidevendrasingh.medium.com/aave-a-defi-project-will-release-an-ethereum-based-twitter-alternative-this-year-3464840645fa ? source=friends_link sk=01998142a28e9850b1c9854c930ef299 41 points 5 comments comments/ow9p1i
aave ceo stani kulechov 's entire appearance on the modern finance podcast segmented into short topic-specific clips for easy listening https podclips.com/e/asc ? ss=r ss2=aave_official d=2021-08-05 20 points 0 comments comments/oyegvb
aave ceo stani kulechov 's entire appearance on the pomp podcast segmented into short topic-specific clips https podclips.com/e/avz ? ss=r ss2=aave_official d=2021-07-28 m=true 18 points 0 comments comments/otb40d
all you need to know about aave protocol https www.publish0x.com/mishalalexander/all-you-need-to-know-about-aave-xdggryl 31 points 3 comments comments/otcrl8
aave to launch decentralized twitter alternative https www.publish0x.com/cryptogames/aave-to-launch-decentralized-twitter-alternative-xoomnpe 1 point 1 comment comments/oqxuhk
nash to use aave protocol in first-ever defi-powered fiat bank accounts by u/palove 82 points 9 comments comments/lyc4w2
aave will be implementing the first wave of exploring new scalability frontiers with polygon https medium.com/aave/exploring-new-frontiers-with-aave-59563ddd2405 by u/isakiv 74 points 9 comments comments/mh9r77
ama with the aave genesis team on clubhouse this fri. feb .
the proposal for the activation of the aave balancer pool liquidity staking is up for governance vote !
matic liquidity mining available in the aave market on polygon https i.redd.it/z01puqb9c5t61.png by u/isakiv 51 points 65 comments comments/mqrc2s
sigmaprime audit is available by u/isakiv 50 points 5 comments comments/la2geb
why is this community so small and this project so underrated ?
excited to announce that the aave-balancer asset manager will be the first asset manager on balancer v2 enabling idle assets to earn yield on aave https medium.com/balancer-protocol/balancer-partners-with-aave-to-build-the-first-v2-asset-manager-d9c173330151 by u/isakiv 49 points 1 comment comments/lqnh90
the migration tool for aave v1  v2 is now available !
24 points u/pastaoleary 's comment comments/p1y9sc//h8gy5zy ? context=1 in ridiculous transaction fees
20 points u/isakiv 's comment comments/lk1edd//gnj9teh ? context=1 in interested in this concept but i 'm stupid .
17 points u/northnode22 's comment comments/mb8wt1//grxoyci ? context=1 in why lend on aave ?
16 points u/isakiv 's comment comments/nhel1x//gyxaj9q ? context=1 in borrowing question
15 points u/earningspal 's comment comments/mdgm7v//gsag2te ? context=1 in what are the risks to lending on aave ?
15 points u/sebikun 's comment comments/lmcjb7//gnvo93p ? context=1 in genuine question why borrow at 18 ?
12 points u/bobiq11 's comment comments/ll450n//gno8e9h ? context=1 in breaking mark cuban owns aave and mft .
12 points u/michael90_denmark 's comment comments/mb8wt1//gry27ch ? context=1 in why lend on aave ?
12 points u/eterneraki 's comment comments/p1y9sc//h8h4333 ? context=1 in ridiculous transaction fees
11 points u/crypto_franko 's comment comments/ll450n//gno2gz9 ? context=1 in breaking mark cuban owns aave and mft .
hey all so i have very very minimal python knowledge .
like it 's probably been at least a year since i 've coded anything at all .
so what i would like to do is take some daily stock price data from a website from that i would like to convert the data into a monthly heatmap with the daily price movements in red or green shaded blocks with the percent change .
basically makes the data easier to digest versus going line by line .
anyone with any idea of where i could start or with any experience doing something like this i would really appreciate the help thanks all !
this is the 166185th time i made this shitty comment .
preferably the newest version i 've been looking everywhere tried lucky patcher too ca n't seem to find a working one does anyone know one that works or is it straight up impossible ?
popular opinion everyone agrees that redvelvet are not human.they are also our queens angels and they are really beautiful and shining .
         .
opinin popular todos coinciden en que redvelvet no son humanos tambin son nuestras reinas ngeles y son realmente hermosas y brillantes .
       red velvet               .
it 's been a long few months and i 'm pretty brain dead .
i need the square footage calculated and then i need to know how many packs of this flooring https www.ikea.com/us/en/p/runnen-decking-outdoor-brown-stained-90234226 i 'd need to purchase to cover it .
tiles can be cut to fit on the sides but i 'd like as little waste as possible .
please show your work or be able to explain it .
how characteristically sweet is ella 's response here what a beautiful soul she really is
on the topic how do we 'email ' ella ?
just curious if there is information as to when rog offers the ilvl 86 bases after the patch .
still only getting 83-85 bases after a few re-rolls do n't want to burn my currency if i have n't hit a certain criteria first .
12:10am ct available now restocks from 12pm ct onward will be posted as individual posts so it 's easier to spot
i 've had simplisafe for 1.5 years largely with no issue .
i got an alert about two months ago that the batteries were low in my smartlock so i replaced them which began a host of issues .
first the smartlock was n't responsive at all to the system and did n't communicate with the app or auto-unlock when arriving home and pressing off on my key fob .
i disconnected reset and reconnected the smartlock which resolved that issue .
however two issues are continuing since then and i 'm getting mighty frustrated with customer service being unresponsive
while the smartlock will reliably unlock it will regularly not actually lock .
it activates and whirs and twists the knob just to the point of catching the deadbolt but without actually turning the deadbolt .
i have recalibrated no fewer than a dozen times at this point but it still will not actually lock the door when choosing it to lock in the app or pressing lock on the outdoor keypad .
but in the app it shows locked on these instances even when it 's absolutely not locked  and visually the handle is n't moving to the calibrated locked position .
every time the system is armed home or away after about 7 seconds the base station will warn the smartlock is not responding .
if you look at the app it will correctly show locked and it will act on the signal to unlock or auto-unlock when disarmed from away .
but it will always audibly alert from base that it 's somehow not responding .
i 'm irritated by the constant warning but the lack of reliability to confirm that the door is actually locked defeats the purpose of the lock .
i have no pictures but it was like a red circle with black dots not a ladybug it has 8 legs .
it was kinda crab shaped but it was a bug not a crab .
my dad k*lled it and it was full of blood
but 9/10 people who will give you a long set of complicated instructions and then say feel free to dm for more help '' are nothing but scammers .
feel free to dm me if you wan na know more about this .
famous mouse https mschfxfamousmouse.com has now officially been registered and running and a possibility that it may be drop 53
hey so i was on a 16:8 since april this year .
i started it mainly for weight loss and went from 190 to 155 as a male .
i 've stuck to it rigidly until i went on a vacation 2 weeks ago where i did n't care when i ate due to planning restraints .
i went back on the scale when i got home and saw that i maintained .
since then i have been loosely following my time schedule while feeling the same .
i was wondering if anyone else just stopped using intermittent fasting after they lost weight or if they just stick with it .
i should also mention i am on a plant based diet .
my girlfriend missed 2 days of birth control and was supposed to start her new pack sunday .
if not how long after taking them is she protected ?
it 's not even like i picked a bad time .
we were all discussing our mental health issues and sharing our troubles .
the chat was very active and supporting each other .
so i took my turn and told everybody i was contemplating suicide .
the chat went dead but the other group chats we are mutually in are still active with memes and shit .
i was playing apex legends last night and all of my monitors just went black and then my pc shut down .
i tried to restart the pc and everything boots except there 's nothing on the monitors still black screen .
i thought i could bypass it by plugging straight into my motherboard graphics but same thing nothing .
i took the graphics card out and started the pc not hooked up to anything and the boot light came on the motherboard .
when i put the gpu back in the boot light does n't come on .
i really like greenmangaming because of the direkt keys from the publisher and no credit card scam like on other resellers .
that 's why i wanted to preorder bf2042 here .
games i bought in the past worked flawlessly but for a preorder i 'm not 100 sure .
this is because for the gold edition bf2042 has early access to the beta as well as the final game .
will me and my friends get the key early enough so that we can play the full early access ?
are you using any seo keyword generators at the moment ?
vinagecustoms is your source for the sign company near me https www.vinagecustoms.com custom made signs vehicle signwriting melbourne .
we provide services like outdoor illuminated signs commercial building corporate vehicle and storefront signage in melbourne .
1,3 and 4 seem to be the best for generic play style .
2 and 5 might be more effective depending on play style with less perfect roll .
is it possible to set a command block to pop something up on the screen when a new person joins sets the time to night ?
we have fireworks that i want to incorporate into a welcome thing for new players .
i 'm just starting to learn command blocks soo this is over my head .
stanza gives me only 1 tree for each sentence or phrase no matter how ambiguous a phrase is .
is stanza able to generate multiple parse trees for an ambiguous sentence ?
if it is not can you say which parser is able to do that ?
i just wanted to type up a quick guide on how to sideload games directly on the quest itself using resilio .
this eliminates the need for a secondary device like a pc or phone to put games on the headset .
maybe not revolutionary but some might find it useful .
while this method does n't require a pc or phone to sideload you will need access to one to sideload one small program but after that you wo n't need them again .
since you are first downloading then installing the game on the headset you will temporarily need 2x the apk size in available storage .
if you really want that 2gb game and you only have 3gb storage left this method is n't gon na work unless you free up some space .
this method does n't really work for games that require an obb folder to run .
stand-alone apk files are fine but afaik resilio does n't have a multi-download option .
so while you technically could download each file inside an obb folder one at a time it 's really more trouble than it 's worth .
lastly you will need to add the folder keys for resilio to get access to the downloads .
i will not post the keys here as that 's a violation of sub rules so you 're gon na need telegram as well .
step 1 go to apkpure and download an app called file manager plus .
any file manager would probably work but this one is small 7mb ad free and works on the quest without any issues so i highly recommend it .
once you have the apk sideload it onto your headset using rookies sidequest bugjaeger .
you can either download directly onto pc and sideload the same way you did for file manager or do what i did .
go to apkpure through the oculus browser in the headset download the apk then go to unknown sources and open file manager .
go to the download directory and you 'll see the resilio apk .
once it 's done just delete the apk to save a little room .
so at this point you 've got both a file manager and resilio installed on the headset .
you should see a list of folder keys that you need to add to resilio to be able to access the downloads .
these keys are just a long string of characters so what i did was copy and paste them into an email that i sent myself .
then on the quest open ymail gmail whatever in the browser and find the message you sent yourself .
then copy the keys one at a time and paste them into resilio .
once you have all the keys pasted in you 're done .
whenever you want a game just open resilio click on the game name click download and wait .
once it 's done open file manager go to downloads find the apk and install delete it .
hello i 'm an english teacher working in a montessori kindergarten in chengdu china and while life is significantly more comfortable than in the u.k. right now i have been considering a move to vietnam when the situation is a little more stable ... i have had some dreadful back problems and significant stomach issues and my insurance covers it here ... so i suppose i have been a bit stranded ... and more to the point china be alright like .
i have a tefl and celta qualification and i 'm wondering how others have found teaching in vietnam over the last year ?
i found a pigeon hanging down a wire upside down and grabbing it with one leg/claws .
i do n't really know how long it was there in that position but probably more than some hours my neighbour saw and told me .
i live in an apartment i got it out from it and both his legs were straight at first but in some hours he started moving one leg .
now it 's been one day and one leg is fine and it 's flapping it 's both wings thank god .
it 's parents live on the top of the window ac unit which is outside my window above my balcony .
it 's one parent is white and the other is your regular grey pigeon .
i put the baby in a box and put the box in my balcony below my outer ac .
i think it 's muscles are super stretched of the injured leg and he 's not able to move that leg and it 's just straight up dragging it he ca n't pull it up nor is he able to open or close his claws of that leg .
he ca n't fly yet he 's 15-16 days old i think .
i 'm scared to place him back on the ac top where his parents stay because he might fall .
they fly around nearby when i come in the balcony
also i have no idea what to feed him i fed him boiled rice cause it 's soft kinda tried to open his beak and put it in and he swallowed and gave some water and he drank .
he does n't seem too tired good thing is he 's energetic .
i 've never had a pet bird before so i do n't really know anything much about how to take care of them .
i do n't even have any bird clinic nearby .
i got guilty gear accent core but it says bios mismatch '' so i downloaded the new bios but none of the guides i saw didnt say where to put it ?
i used to hate the idea of web3 cause of companies like google and amazon .
i do n't want them farming my data and hoarding it it kinda feels creepy and awkward .
but with blockchain technology that privacy problem can be solved with private nodes .
would n't be surprised if these they pop off in the near future .
i want to ship 2 shoes 1 yeezy slides and a pair of socks .
i want to ship to germany and i saw that eub is good to go .
i want to split the haul in two boxes .
the first box contains the two shoes that have the weight of nearly 2kg .
what is the best declaration value i can do .
ubc requires them but ca n't find info on whether there 's a certain colour .
i bought a used wii that was soft modded .
the previous owner stupidly did a factory reset prior to purchase and lost what i 'm assuming is every cios and cfg usb loader .
i ca n't change the wii language as it is in chinese .
the language option seems to be missing in wii settings .
my question is is it possible to bring the wii back to its factory os and unmod the system so i can start over with soft modding ?
the reason being is that i have no idea what he 's actually put on this console and it would be safer to just start over .
second reason is that he factory reset the console so all of his mods plus home brew is missing from the main wii screen
anyone here a victim of your assets/investment being frozen due to the issue mj has with the sec ?
lol luckily not here even the paparazzi team donna on god 
it clearly worked so maybe the solution to all our societal problems really is taking over the mafia
the president of kazakhstan sends his applause at the stance taken by the government of japan .
he echoes similar words to that of the united states reconciliation is the best thing to do at present .
best thing i 've seen in the comments to block news networks on both ends of the spectrum and not just ones like oan fox news and newsmax so they do n't think its targeting the truth '' and might just be a service issue
it is a conventional loan not an fha loan but i would be surprised if i actually stayed in it for long enough to get to that point .
i guess i will just consider refinancing if rates stay low and the value shoots up enough to put me at under 80 .
just respect your friend 's decision as she should respect yours .
what is with people and thinking boycott withholding money is the same as cancelling ?
cancelling is taking your dislike for them and actively wanting to destroy their livelihood .
boycotting means you can do it and i disagree so i 'll stop .
it 's trying to destroy chik fil a vs just not eating their food .
i 'm sorry but your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required gender tags f or tg .
we need to have this so people know what they 're getting into when they click the links .
please include one and resubmit and you wo n't be bothered by this message again .
m en can head over to r/guysfrombehind to post their pictures where the audience is more suited .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/assholegonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
funny enough the parts for this voron are printed on a bone stock ender 3 pro 
i completely agree kiryu does n't kill '' majima everywhere '' kuze funny haha fight a lot of times man '' and yakuza is a serious game '' are the only downside i have ever seen to playing these games .
is he financing her or is she using his bank card to access her half of the pay from 90 day fiance ?
i do n't even know this opportunist '' but at least he physically helped more than some guy ranting about it online .
i 'm not saying i like it but hey the world 's a harsh place you do what you can to survive or be successful .
i do think i might have a couple of extra items .
le monarque blasphemer shinobu 's vow and skip grenades .
this is a place for modding but no i like him so much i might even reanimate it when adobe animate files come out
when i go back into my bunker my vehicle icon is visible outside of the bunker map and i ca n't get to it
i 'm pretty sure you 'll have the entirety of r/cryptocurrency mining up to tell you it was an horrible coin
you must have never worked hard and not gotten paid lol
if you find one please let me know too 
i have that one and it runs at constant 60 fps on my gtx 1050 laptop
joyless screenshots of karma mile markers like 696,969 1,234,567 and eventually 6,980,085
make sure you are face down ass up and then i 'd get to work
never ever have i had problems with my bodys health !
fish is good for you and the hard work is very good to hold the body active !
the engine of my fishingboat is making to much noise and the wind was blowing in my ear so i just heard that
i took a 15 year break from the board .
i would always ride but never thought i 'd be back to hitting ledges and rails .
few months back i went to the park s and one of them required you wear a helmet no matter your age .
i actually felt way safer and i started thinking ... why are helmets looked down on ?
luckily i 'm a low impact guy and have never taken a slam like that but still i 've never judged anyone for being safe .
the only step that was skipped was fund raising .
sexual abuse but i think it happened to someone else too .
i 'm not to knowledgeable about the 3d printing process but a friend of mine owns one and makes minifigs for dnd .
if i send him this link it will have everything he needs to print both figures ?
we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
according to this show he asked belichik for a trade and was told no
i sit in this chair every day for the past two years .
nothing routine about giant choppers you could hear long before they were seen in formation .
someone make sure they know what that mentality did to hellas
the only really difficult part was re-stabilizing after i overdosed on 30mg and put myself into acute withdrawal .
dp/dr constant terror very close to seizing extreme fatigue but only sleeping 1-2 hours a night believing that i had permanently damaged my brain etc .
all of the cuts i made after i stabilized were easy a week of increased anxiety sleep problems .
also throughout the taper my sleep has n't been great and my baseline anxiety is worse .
but i 've also noticed that as i get further in my taper my thinking and my memory are improving .
if say it was gravity+stupidity^2 but that 's just a guess .
tik tok started as a music '' app look at the logo i would n't be surprised if using certain tracks boosted virality
i 'm in fl and we had groups of middle school kids have this happen a couple times last week .
i can not imagine having to wait in the heat and sun that long !
sub wiki https www.reddit.com/r/digitalcodesell/wiki/index sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/digitalcodesell/wiki/index/rules safety tips https www.reddit.com/r/digitalcodesell/wiki/index/safety scammers https www.reddit.com/r/digitalcodesell/wiki/index/scammers new feedback details https www.reddit.com/r/digitalcodesell/comments/dfz4yl/psa_new_reference_bot_online_please_read where to redeem to get 4k https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zsjkcx4div2oeckq7zp2arkr1qkexcuucmbbuthtmh4/edit gid=0
buyers and sellers use the link above to verify where to redeem codes to ensure 4k codes redeem properly .
once a transaction has been completed one user buyer or seller must create a comment can be in-line with the deal discussion tagging both dcsbot and the user they transacted with for example u\/shootingin8k .
the u is required and the username for the bot must be typed not copy/pasted to work properly .
once this is done the tagged user must respond to that comment for feedback to be logged .
if successful the bot will respond to the second comment with added '' and the number will increment for both .
all discussions/negotiations about a potential transaction must be made via comments .
this helps to prevent scams and track trusted buyers and sellers .
do not respond to offers made via pm or chat .
if you believe you have been scammed please fill out this form https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=r/digitalcodesell subject=i 20think 20i 20have 20been 20scammed message 20username 20of 20the 20person 20scamming 20me 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20the 20thread 20where 20the 20transaction 20originated 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20screenshots 20uploaded 20to 20imgur 20of 20my 20conversations 20with 20the 20scammer 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20an 20explanation 20of 20the 20situation 20 .
this post was originally made by shootingin8k as a reference in case they ever delete this post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/digitalcodesell if you have any questions or concerns .
due to increased scam attempts within the sub all low-flaired members 11 trades must follow several new procedures for increased security .
all items must include a hand-written timestamp https i.imgur.com/gvfejzy.jpg with your username and the current date included in at least one picture that shows all items listed for sale to show proof of ownership .
additional pictures can be included in the album for increased detail .
payment methods is limited to paypal goods and services .
venmo zelle cashapp and paypal friends and family are prohibited unless you use a 3rd member as a payment proxy https www.reddit.com/r/gunaccessoriesforsale/wiki/proxy .
to make things as simple as possible simply state whether or not the g s fees are included in your listed price s .
if your post is not in compliance with these rules you may be banned .
do not make a new posting edit this posting to ensure it complies or you may be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gunaccessoriesforsale if you have any questions or concerns .
new construction in phoenix has to prove access to 100 years of water resources ... and it has been that way for decades .
i know of one multi-unit residential property in arcadia that has been abandoned for several years .
they recently started construction on a new apartment building on the property .
they left a single wall from one of the units reinforced and still standing .
a lot of the new '' construction bypasses these restrictions this way .
replace tremors with tombstone and i 'm in the same boat .
if you grinded and ezaed all the anni units id probably save for vegeta
what does that have to do with what i said ?
the best thing i can say about julia is she has a nice body .
it 's the only reason why he 's still with her so yeah she 's got that going for her .
at the first service you change the motor oil .
there 's a gasket that 's replaced as well .
the fucking flair is killing me  that 's exactly how these people think too
but on the article i hate stories like this .
her daughter clearly is n't dead or will be dying
pretty sure this only happens when it 's a maxed out rogue right ?
your submission was removed from r/wallstreetbets due to being too short .
all text submissions must be at least 100 characters long .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wallstreetbets if you have any questions or concerns .
bloody mary 's a just garbage drink but somehow adding clam and worcestershire sauce makes it a completely different animal .
substitute the tobasco and worcestershire for a bit of soy sauce and wasabi powder .
but by far the most ignored thing in all the comments about ceasars they are used in canada as the ultimate hair of the dog .
legends tell of a multi-day hangover being cured by merely a mouthful of ceasar .
i 'm not bipolar but my husband is and i am depressed .
when i get low it 's not that i do n't love people or want interaction .
it 's that i have no energy or interest .
it 's hard to put in the emotional effort when you do n't have the energy to bathe or eat .
and the only thing you can do is be there when they are ready or be as supportive as possible ... because the only one who can fix the issue is themselves you can help but they 've got to want it .
kind of bummed because i wanted to get my eye glasses and my teeth cleaned but at least i got my mammogram and a physical .
i 'll just have to be super careful to brush and floss extra well and use my cheaters .
i 'm gon na do what 's best for my team 100 of the time .
if they have fair or above fair value for whatever piece i 'm moving and it makes sense for my re-build i do n't care .
good teams need to shell out though and that 's not out of some strategical standpoint just economics .
at some point you run out of draft picks or your picks are too low and you 're going to need to give me one of those players that 's keeping your team elite .
unbeatable teams '' can get hit with the injury bug near the playoffs meanwhile your worse roster is healthy and that 's all she wrote .
so much of fantasy is outside of your control .
bet on the talent to overcome situation bet on who you can put on your team not who you 're putting on someone else 's .
no thanks do n't need some anti vax nutjob showing up at my house .
also those circumstances are n't similar in the slightest .
wish i could slam it until it 's dripping with cum
in a dry climate like where i live super steep roads get too rocky and thus becomes hike-a-bike in any case regardless of the ratio .
as such i go with gear ranges similar to my road bike .
me and my coworker stated that maybe at the end entity is a killer their ability is to use other killer abilities to hunt you down .
not an expert but i 'm pretty certain that would fall under fair use .
it 's possible you might get claimed anyway because youtube is youtube and people file false claims all the time but legally you should be fine .
internet historian uses jackbox music multiple times in his vids
he does n't he 's former spetsnaz and that was 2013 before the official russian army reforms of 2014 so much of the russian army still used older camo and uniforms from the chechen war that also shared pieces of soviet originals .
spetsnaz were the most soviet like because of heritage and honor
from my knowledge hecate is n't on any side .
as long as you get along well with her i just kinda have fun and make jokes with her .
if you work with her she is about self care and making sure you 're keeping track of your craft
i break it as 700 in one round and 300 in another .
sometimes when i am able to i do it in one go and then i take about 7 and a half minutes as i slow my speed down in the last 300 .
not sure if you still needed help with this but reps are fucking weird man some reps fit me way too small and some fit way big .
your best bet is to ask a seller to measure the insole or ask someone else who bought the same batch .
you never want to go too small though because then you just wo n't wear them
the one major recurring bit that could be considered rr besides the heights is that yamada tends to be the one taking the initiative more often .
rr aside though it is very wholesome and cute and has some nice slow burn character growth .
that dosent stop kaido from changing if anything it makes him do it faster
oden has better haki feats than bb and shanks also
roger and wb were equals but bm was still on that level .
roger is a pirate that enjoys fighting him sneaking around bm instead of just brute forcing because time only proves my point .
there 's also the fact that bm was said to rule the new world along with roger shiki and wb
oh it gets better she also keeps telling me that the meds cause psychosis when i 'm delusional and she 's said it so often that now my brain believes it 100 and i can barely take meds without freaking out .
my mom is also pushing me to quit therapy or let her go to sessions since she claims they 're not helping me enough and i do n't need therapy .
my dad is a lot better he annoys me at times but he pushes me to exercise and cares and is trying to help me find therapy so he 's a lot better choice than my mom .
if the guy she 's on a date with has as many red flags as the gay guy claims then straight up talking to her will not only draw attention but the date might take it badly if he happens to come back and see them talking .
all still randomly generated the way torghast is currently .
there are a bunch of set layouts for each wing type which are just cycled through to give the appearance of random generation .
it would be nice if torghast actually had random layouts where you would actually have to explore to find out which way is a dead end and which way goes to the exit .
it is n't even that hard to do so in software you just generate a path from the exit to the start and then add in some random branches .
of course it is true if the business has committed an illegal act even unknowingly .
however it 's free for an applicant to file an eeoc complaint because they suspect discrimination .
then the employer has to spend hours and possibly attorneys fees defending against the allegation and providing demonstrable evidence to prove to the eeoc that it was not discrimination and there was another bonafide reason for the applicant to be rejected .
then if the eeoc believe that discrimination may have occurred not that it did occur then it 's sent to enforcement and the costs skyrocket or the employer settles in mediation and it costs less but still costs a ton .
i would argue it 's better to very clearly explain the non discriminatory reason that they were not hired to avoid all the extra hassle .
do n't feel bad when bikers do stupid shit like this .
cars can only react so quick when ur coming at 120
i 'd call out of work tomorrow to get that dick all day .
the tom and jerry one tts or oversized based on your viewing ?
if they were n't a group there 's no way he 'd be finding this much information on their own
asriel and chara in the bottom right looking like they just discovered a dirty mag
i had a dream where we ordered a geico online am sad it was n't true
you 're missing a ton of nuance and did n't even mention her motherly role for the child soldiers .
do n't gloss over the graffiti around her cell and that at least one soldier tried to rape her on mb .
i 'd like to know if her being imprisoned is to protect mb or her from the men .
the sex ' theme is present in other parts of the game not associated with quiet .
one soldier that you can rescue and even play as is a woman tied up in a south african classroom by child soldiers tell me if the context changes in your mind if it were reggie soldiers that had her tied up you think she 'd be in a classroom ?
i do n't need any adults to teach my things because i 'm not a child .
i know you 're convinced you 're right and wo n't ever change your mind about it but maybe consider and respond the points somebody 's making instead of sidelining then and preaching about respect on the internet .
yeah when i saw that eye i thought to myself oh !
and then i look at my surgery plan and see that it 's just a cherry eye tuck .
i have a feeling the owners wo n't be too compliant since the poor guy has terrible fold dermatitis and the owners did n't take our advice when we told them to clean between the folds often .
if there are any issues or rule breaking please message the moderators or the modmail https new.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/nudes
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nudes if you have any questions or concerns .
nope i see it 's stuck in the doorway .
you eat 2500-3000 calories per day and weigh 130lb ?
shift pay starts usually the monday after you get the onboarding emails it does n't have to be necessarily when you start training
housing prices are astronomical in areas where people want to live .
in areas where people do not want to live reasonably priced homes are available even now .
the tfh trend and amazon delivery might even things out send more people back to dying small towns .
hey guys i followed his advice and now i 'm the ceo of two fortune 500 companies and can now finally afford a honda .
from the beginning it felt like mihoyo is just fucking with us .
they released another cute bubbly pyro archer on amber 's birthday .
mihoyo themselves seem to treat amber as a joke just look at her trailer and see how much she gets rekted .
it honestly feels like they 're carrying on this joke '' with yoimiya but in this case it 's even more messed up because yoimiya is a 5 star who people spent money on .
this guy looks like his poor remaining neurons are working like hell to keep him above the poverty line .
it 's impossible to tell you that without knowing what the attribute scales are .
how useful is specializing in something while having something else very low ?
it all depends on how the system works around the attributes .
my suggestion is to keep your 9 points until most of the system is complete then fine tune it based on playtests .
my point is that it 's easy to say that you 'd never support that business '' but in practice you are doing just that by posting to reddit .
says the one who said us and had to edit it
his vascularity is nuts and he got big af outta no where
any chance the fumes from the waste tank could be flammable ?
come on people the gameplay was perfect just give it modern graphics .
the maine seem to really love doing full album play throughs they 've played every album in full except black white and xoxo but that just came out so they 'd more than likely play lll in full again at some point hah .
i feel like transitions is something tm does really well but lll was perfect with the transitions .
but we all fell down when the sun came up
i 'm buying more this week also just not sure when
hey setting up your vault is the first step now enjoy the moon ride !
ah yep i have no idea wtf is going on .
i should stay off this sub so i do n't get any crazy ideas like watching the rebuilds
i 've been working out at home since march 2020 but i plan to go back to the gym in the next few weeks for personal training weights and spin class .
it 's been open for ages but i wanted to wait until i was fully vaccinated to cut down on the risk of long covid .
not really sure what to expect the website says there are plenty of cleaning stations .
masks are n't compulsory and to be honest i do n't think i can spin in a mask anyway .
i 'll wear a mask when moving around the gym and wipe down everything .
think i 'll feel very anxious at first and it 's a pain having to factor in travel time to the gym in my day .
if it 's really awful i might go back to doing more home workouts but there are things i really need to be in a gym to do .
this is how people end up getting knocked unconscious .
you ca n't just step up on people and expect everyone to brush you off
i was actually thinking of antipsychotics even though i 'm not a fan of heavy medication because of side effects and such but i quite forgot about medical insurance fees .
it 's such a shame that money have control on such a basic and important thing as health physical or mental ...
are you sure you would be locked up in a ward if you talked to a professional ?
i know nothing about laws but i thought you would n't be forced unless you were a threat to yourself or anyone else which is not the case unless you have n't reached majority yet in that case it 's true that doctors do n't give you any choice i actually entered a ward for several weeks when i was a teen after a suicide attempt which would n't have been mandatory if i was an adult at the time .
i understand that this situation must be really difficult to live and i understand perfectly not wanting to go into a ward or be monitored and taking heavy medication .
i wish i could help you more but i do n't really have ideas except antipsychotics because our brains are so complex in severe cases it can be difficult to impact it without medication .
also if you have anxiety/panic issues have you tried some grounding or calming down '' exercises except meditation of course ?
like reconnecting to the present moment be more aware of the external reality and your body/breathing i had heavy anxiety issues and learning to calm down and be more present '' helped a lot .
i understand it can be really scary to live such experiences but always remember that whatever story your brain construct you are always safe in reality .
it 's like having a lucid dream you 're terrorized but even though it 's vivid and so scary nothing can really hurt you it 's only a dream .
it 's the same with your delusion world even though it 's difficult try to remember that even though you 're scared nothing can hurt you it 's only in your head .
the bird on the oppoments screen is not bouncing when you click .
her name means nameless but she has a name !
childish gambino jamiroquai kid cudi flying lotus tame impala new order yes they got to work with peter hooke in aries ... now they got ta do it again yeah yeah yeahs le femme julian casablanca m.i.a and again with little dragons 3
its ok my tarnhelm slammed cbf and i sock quest it for mf .
my boss was buying eth and i joined in 2 years ago .
was here in 2017 in mania but got burnt .
well inline styles in imba supports modifiers including class modifiers so
different opacity when div has a certain class 'selected '
or specific styles for when users are requesting dark-mode and are in portrait-mode
and if you do n't want to use inline styles you can always use global or scoped styles and class names instead .
we require help from the teams player managers to keep stuff up to date because there 's no way we as a social team could keep tabs on every tournament our 12 teams play in especially chess when hikaru plays tournaments everyday haha .
that 's why if you are placed in gold it takes so much time to get off it .
most of the player base is there so i just play 20 ranked games and if i 'm not plat until then i stop playing lol
this is what happens when you mix any faith with nationalism .
anyone that is n't part of your faith is a threat to the integrity of your state and gets oppressed by the more violent elements of your faith .
i do feel like all these anti theft devices are encouraging theft as it just marks out the things you are worried about .
i thought it was psoriasis or excema if i 'm thinking of the same symptoms .
it seems to happen to the same spots on my fingers .
and in better response to the op someone posted a picture of their hands yesterday and they seemed to look like mine sort of fine-wrinkled .
do n't sell the factory under charlie 's nose your daughter and the other three grandparents .
i got put under when i got my wisdom teeth removed and the next thing i knew i invited around 20 people to my hypothetical future wedding
this is why landlords are so picky on who they rent to
i need it to chill for tomorrow so i can buy some land on nextearth ... .. my bnb is losing value.. hahaha if anyone wants a code for 10 off holla at me
consider the following if the anc does a full 180 degree and does everything right how long do you think they will take to fix the last decades ' fuckups ?
so that means for my kids just leaving school there is no hope .
the chance of the anc doing anything right is zero so no there is no hope .
i would need to find a good link with english subtitles though for sure but thank you that 's a lovely suggestion !
your post will be automatically approved in 3 min or less .
in the meantime our moderators will double check this post just to verify that it is allowed !
please take this time to double check that your post is following the rules and remove it if it does n't follow the rules or you will be temporarily banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nofeeac if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm sure for a skilled professional that it is an easy task .
but for a person without those skills that have other stuff to do then i could imagine there is n't really a surplus of energy to do that .
that just indicate to me that asmodee does n't want to give them enough funds to actually expand and they just use whatever they have to make it work .
they 're very focused on practical applications and labs .
i have n't taken it but i 'm considering it .
it 's so new that btl1 is the only very they offer .
new-ish certs are always fun if you can afford it .
plus it seems different than many other certs on the market .
it 's worth a glance that 's all i 'll say
i always swap tea with penpals i love discovering new kinds .
i bet they look amazing while you 're getting fucked
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigasses if you have any questions or concerns .
do you have the same bid density for both ad formats ?
also have you checked how these formats affect retention rate ?
yes you can but be very careful if you take it back off
lmfao you just said i 'm transphobic for wanting only biological women sounds dumb asf .
nigga you just said you 'll go in raw 
if cheryl 's less moody i 'll take her to therapy and steal jason 's corpse xxx
ksoo was never a good rapper he has no real talent he just knows how to make catchy hooks while being disrespectful at the same time
oh right you 're just an armchair apologist who wo n't make a dent on the real world
the moment they add tahiti as a map but you need to give money to get the map
they 're the one who come in backward classes along with others .
you 're the one naming them now because you ca n't frame me in a label as you have just blabber .
typical atrocity porn guy who does n't even know different between backward and depressed dalit classes history and legality cases and movements but preaches what he believes 
a fool 's cover is n't blown until he speak .
do n't repeat such foolish arguments in front of anyone else .
one of the reason why he didnt want a testimonial
we would judge the afghans for being unable to buikd a nation yet advancement of society in the west seems to be equally incapable .
until we can turn the other cheek and aid others without taking from or cobtrolling them we really have no growth to share .
in italia capita troppo spesso che aziende fallimentari vengano tenute in piedi con i soldi pubblici .
molta gente non capisce che tenere in piedi queste aziende  una perdita netta per la societ anche se c' l'illusione di conservare i posti di lavoro .
i posti di lavoro salvati '' dallo stato non sono altro che posti di lavoro sostenuti dalle tasse .
a meno che l'obiettivo non sia quello di rimettere in piedi l'azienda e poi rivenderla  sempre una perdita netta .
as a bulgarian i feel even happier knowing i can witness this !
thats because it is probably the max lv atm .
subject to change in the future and expand those ranks from 56-60 to 56-100 or higher
make sure to post your link as a comment in your post so people know where to find you .
if you are looking for more subreddits to join we welcome you to check out our onlyfans101 network which include the following subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotion if you have any questions or concerns .
if you ca n't make rings yet and are still upgrading buildings there 's a shot that you can pull it from the main tropical raid chest if you have enough keys for it .
too bad he gave a reason one explicitly against federal law
but no it was all the afghans ' fault for not fighting hard enough .
despicable the excuses this president and this country are making for their failure to make a real effort for 20 years .
i would love to cum on you i get to choose 
i 've worked in many restaurants waiting tables in my yut .
get your stuff in order and leave living like this ai n't good at all .
we 'll wish you every year on your birthday by making a special sticky post for 24 hours .
share your experience with us https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmeetnewpeoplehere and keep posting and do n't forget to subscribe .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/meetnewpeoplehere if you have any questions or concerns .
but that kind of amp is n't actually what you need unless you really have to power multiple headphones at once .
if you only need to power a single pair a simple stereo amp with one port will be enough .
in fact they usually have better sound quality than these studio amps for multiple headphones .
theoretically though even an amp for multiple headphones like this one should be able to power all of its ports at full power if it 's designed properly .
my father-in-law is a master photographer and my wife grew up doing photoshop work for him since her early teens .
when i moved out in my mid 20s there may have been 100 pics of me .
my in-laws easily have thousands of pics of every person in the family .
prob twice as much of my kids p if even one was lost on my watch i 'd be killed without remorse lol
i 'm in the process of applying similar strategies for other data but i ca n't exactly store 50tb of movies/tv in the cloud for various reasons .
2nd dose i felt on the edge of flu for about 24 hours .
they lost 1 league title they are nowhere near done
sure they arent as good as before and them losing cr will hurt them remove him from them and they lost 30 goals in the league they are in trouble and we will have open league this season
why bring it home when you people took care of committing all the war crimes over there .
and what about it make you think of immigrants in particular ?
i 'm beginning to sense a pattern here and it 's weird since you do n't seem to be that active on here and yet i recognised your username .
edit for anyone curious what i 'm talking about check this https www.reddit.com/r/politicalhumor/comments/p5rqmu/logic_anyone_anyone/h98tryj ? utm_medium=android_app utm_source=share context=3 out .
i agree with you that i do n't know how long the spy i can just be up 1 a week .
my parents live in a middle class neighborhood in wa and the neighbor bought a house for 120,000 over asking price .
they paid 600,000 for like a 460,000 house which would have been 300,000 2 years ago ... ... ... ... ... ..
love em they taste like nothing else in the world unique flavour hahaha
unfortunately this will be bellow 400k cuz this is the 4core i7 .
hers with a solid layer of dust on them .
praying that there 's something useful for them in the next
i use vv with jp chapellan and master of ambush for first turn charge folowing by impulsor with bladeguard vets and tyberos the red wake in deepstrike .
i took carcharodons as rg successors with born heroes and hungry for battle .
but now i 'm gon na test pure white scars .
their relic banner for 1 str and aura of 1 to wound i even not mentioning their chapter tactic looking awesome .
activision posted 9 billion dollars in profits last year .
if you think ea is n't looking at that going they made 9 billion selling clown skins for 20 dollars each '' you 're delusional .
you can expect them to copy activision and drown you with overpriced digital garbage to buy a month after release .
and no they do n't care about being seen as greedy d-bags because all the competition has been bought up and closed down so they know you have no where else to turn to .
welcome to gaming where the customer do n't matter .
i do n't even care if the story and gameplay is shit .
i 'm going to buy hogwarts legacy just so i can explore the places .
be prepared to experience just how much knowledge it takes to make a game and that you 'll probably move on from your big landscape game onto smaller projects until you can .
i am not trying to be discouraging but do n't be ambitious until you have the skills to make the ambitious thing you 're envisioning .
play some 3d games on itch.io https itch.io for inspiration they 're relatively simple but extremely fun/creative yet short and doable for a beginner .
is it possible that it was developed by or is being produced by teeling or that their whiskey is being used as the base ?
i see you have already poached asm dada from joining odds
just leave your door open and hang out with your floor everyone in their first year wants to make friends .
plus singles are nice you have the whole room to yourself or whoever you bring if you get my drift
why is everyone only just focusing on the girls ?
remember to replace the word hell ' with a fart sound .
first eat you like a  then fuck you like a ... 
when i recovered and was able to eat again the first thing i wanted was tortilla chips and the second thing was a hamburger .
fair point haha i could see people going a bit bonkers over free pizza .
ca n't really blame pizza guy tho people know the rules if they choose to not wear masks it 's not really on him .
the panic buying is silly i can definitely agree on that .
they all know the supermarkets are gon na be open everyday of lockdown
i 'll give you the fact that they can do magic down there for trans women but you can still tell that theres a fake penis .
none of that negates the attractiveness of some trans men that pass very well but you ca n't hold it against straight women for not being interested after finding out .
a fourth doctor story that was also the story to introduce gallifrey .
the deadly assassin was the first story set entirely on gallifrey but gallifrey had been seen before in the war games and the three doctors and named in the time warrior .
edit gallifrey did get fleshed out quite a bit in the deadly assassin though .
so the difference is if you drop a t1 beach map you dont have to run it ?
i usually feel like i have to complete them all and often run maps with layouts i dont like for completion and maven progress .
ok but like you do n't know the length of the songs right ?
her agape ep had a decent amount of songs enough to call it an album but when i checked out the length of the songs i realized that like half of them are interludes between every song .
obviously i may be wrong but hey she 's done it before why not again
what sort of a god would give eternal torment to people for not believing in him ?
and what if the non muslims were insulting islam ?
killing people for insulting a religion is evil no matter what time it is .
where the men were killed and women and children were sold off as slaves ?
vay be ... demek ki orta asya'da kalop tengrici olsak en iyisi olacakm .
i feel you im the one who has to put everything in place in our ship and the fuckers just keeps messing up the place .
i love my cro card i only use the card to milk that free cro and stake it
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
been a life bid for me lol might be interested i would like to c and hear open and honest reviews
a radio dj who plays one christmas song all the way through repeatedly and then single lines or words from regular songs 
i hated when trump was president and people started saying we miss bush !
also cheney made so much money off of this and no one is talking about that .
the way danny treats clara is abusive imo but everything he says about the doctor is absolutely on point and the doctor is a total dick to him for very bad reasons
yes they are great spells but also kind of easy/dull .
would be happy to have them zero 'd out and have to explore other options instead .
the p1 was kind of an anomaly for them .
i have a set and they are one of my favorites .
if somebody told you you 've hurt them it is not them being sensitive nor you being an asshole until you tell them they are too sensitive .
sometimes you do not know what makes people sad insecure or mad or what even triggers them .
just tell them i do not know that x upset you .
i am sorry and will keep that in mind . ''
so back in the 90 's a friend and i about 16 years old went to his uncles work .
his uncle was working night security at a big rig trailer manufacturing plant .
nobody else in the entire place just his uncle the security guard .
my friend john and i were fucking around the place just looking for dumb shit to get into .
we found fire extinguishers with long hoses and cones on the end of the hoses .
we strapped them to our bodies and made up a game .
basically we 'd hide from each other and then have monoammonium phosphate powder wars .
hose each other down with the extinguishers on sight .
usually the one who got the jump on the other would win the war the other would run/retreat .
so at some point i 'm walking through this office portion of the warehouse i open up a door and there 's john on the other side with the cone pointed right in my face .
he squeezes the trigger and i get a blast of that powder directly into my eyeballs .
i do n't mean i got sprayed in the eyes .
i got fucking blasted with chemicals right into my eyeballs .
john had ran off to find cover i guess assuming i was in any kind of shape to retaliate .
i crawled upon the ground feeling with my hands for anything .
i made my way out into the shop then out a door onto asphalt just outside .
i scooped up all i could and just forced it into my eyes .
i took my wet fingers and pulled my eyelids down with one hand and with the other hand i used my index finger to scrape all the powder out .
finally able to see enough to walk and find a better water source inside to get them cleaned up better .
we made such a mess that his uncle just told us to leave and he called it in as a break in said some kids must have been fucking around .
years later like 2014 i 'm at my friend johns parents house .
john 's younger brother mathew says lupo try these peppers i grew .
i do n't really like spicy food but he kept insisting that i at least eat half the pepper in one bite .
it was n't a reaper it was just a ghost pepper but those motherfuckers are still stupid hot .
i rinse my mouth with water because i 'm dumb spread all the heat around real nice.. and just suffer it out for about a half an hour .
at some point in conversation someone mentions the fire extinguisher incident .
so i 'm telling the story of the time john blasted me in the eyes with monoammonium phosphate .
i get to the part where i 'm demonstrating how i had to pull my eyelid down with one hand and then drag my finger along my eyeball with the other .
not even really focusing on what i 'm doing i actually drag my index finger across my eyeball in the pocket of the bottom eyelid .
really just giving them a perfect demonstration of how hardcore the whole ordeal was .
all the ghost pepper oils from my fingers are now slathered across my right eyeball .
i ran into their garage nearly crying washed it out as best i could with the sink basin next to the washing machine .
they 're just dying of laughter out there realizing what happened .
it made for some good laughs and nowadays i 'm asked to tell the story about the time i was telling the other story .
somehow i can still see though my sight is definitely diminished from what it once was .
i understand the cop probably would have even gone to jail if he did actually shoot the man for firing a weapon etc etc but honestly i 'd have to kill him .
there 's no way i could just let someone burn .
mein herz sagt mir ich mchte 4 kinder haben damit wir mit mir zusammen ein vollstndiges basketball-team haben .
mein verstand sagt mir man sollte nicht noch mehr kinder in diese welt bringen wenn so viele kein zuhause haben .
i 'm not in my bed with my husband where i should be .
instead i find myself here looking to have some fun and an or multiple orgasms .
i 'm honestly happy to have a little moment to myself..
i am looking to make the most of my personal time and over the past year i found out that i like to be in the submissive role .
basically the things i dont find when i 'm in my own bed
i 'm looking for a flashcart i can use to distribute my homebrew gba game to friends without needing them to go through a confusing menu .
i do n't need a real time clock but i will need the ability to save their progress on the cartridge .
i go through alot of disposable nappies every day i 'm probably over paranoid about smells and leaks and staying discreet but i can go through alot each day .
i spend alot of money on nappies every month and i want to try and save some extra money and reduce the amount of landfill i use just from my nappies .
however i 'm nervous about reusable nappies being less discreet and having alot of issues with leeks and smells and noise .
does anyone have any experience with them that they could share ?
my whole life i was raised in a way where when i need to concentrate or need to focus on doing things i should n't have my phone .
it 's a habit that i keep and it 's good because cellphone is very distracting especially now with all kind of fun apps like tiktok ig .
i use my phone full of intention which stops me from endlessly scrolling online and actually be productive .
but my boyfriend has been mad at me and saying all kind of things .
about how im not replying to him after 5 minutes or how i dont pick up his call because i was watching movies in the living room or when im playing piano downstairs or when i fold the laundry .
i 'm doing better at having my phone i used to put it in airplane mode but not anymore now for him but it 's still not enough because i dont always reply/i dont always pickup .
just now hes mad at me for this reason again because he got into a scary situation on the road when he 's driving .
he tried to call me after but i didnt pick up because i was in the shower for almost an hour i did all self-care thing and singing too .
i understand he 's scared that something urgent might happen and i 'll be unreachable as his emergency contact but i dont think he has any right to basically pressure me to always carry my phone .
24 hour non stop checking my phone every 5 minutes .
even hearing what he said and writing that sentence gives me anxiety .
he even said what kind of normal people dont bring their phones to shower and when i said that i just dont ... he said it doesnt make it any better .
i know it sounds like a stupid question but recently i got bored of playing lifeline and i tried a lot of different legends fuse rampart bangalore bloodhound and i ca n't find any legend with which i can not underperform .
i will soon have enough to buy either valkyrie seer horizon wattson or mirage .
so who you recommend me to try in ranked ?
my playstyle is aggressive/support and i really like movement character .
imagine now the band covers different types of rock they 've done psychodelic with tbh+c now imagine surf rock it would be so fudging nice
i have always been loyal to logitech when it comes to pc peripherals .
i have always used the g600 when i play mmorpgs .
however i recently had to switch to the razer naga x and you guys really gave me no choice .
the g600 is very outdated at this point as it was released 9 years ago .
the g600 is nearly 140 grams in weight which is the heaviest mouse i 've ever had and is very uncomfortable during long sessions .
i had to modify it and the remove the unnecessary weights inside of it .
its not wireless and the cable is pretty stiff .
the side buttons are chunky heavy and are not easy to press with not much tactile feedback .
the 3rd mouse click button is completely unnecessary being that there 's already plenty of buttons .
i had to wedge a piece of paper under it because i grip the mouse there and would accidently press it in .
the sensor is outdated and the switches probably are as well .
now in order to make something that can compete you have to take into account what the competition is doing .
the razer naga x is in my opinion the best mmo mouse on the market right now .
the side buttons are easy to press quick responsive and give great tactile feedback .
it 's easier to grip because it does n't have a 3rd mouse click .
it has new optical switches that have a better lifespan than mechanical .
the cable is a speed-flex braided cable that gives it a near wireless feeling .
all of my peripherals are logitech except for my mouse i would like to not have to use a separate software just for my mouse when i could just be using g hub for everything .
edit i would n't mind if the 3rd mouse click is on the new version .
some people like it for the g shift and it makes it unique .
i could just jam it and unbind it like i did with this one .
im in a server runing 1.16.5 paper build 786. while making a automatic farm i 've noticed that bees generated naturaly go in their nest never to be seen again .
bees ca n't come out of the nests and when breaking the nests no bees apear .
also i tried summoning the bees both with eggs and with commands and nor spawneggs nor summon work .
i even tried with a spawner and when putting the bee egg in the spawner the spawner appears empty and nothing happens .
does someone have any idea of what could be the problem with the bee spawning ?
the plugins present in the server are clearlag essentials and advanced enchantments .
recently my uncle passed away and under an informal agreement that was made between my uncle and another uncle of mine both uncles are my father 's brothers .
the deceased uncle was my father 's older brother .
the one who is still alive is my father 's younger brother i was to get my uncle 's house .
recently my uncle asked me to show him the results of my physical before he will start the process to hand over the house and said something to the effect of i do n't want you to die in the house .
i 'll admit i am overweight and in need to lose weight but i am afraid of what he could do with the data as well as the possibility of a door being opened for other more intrusive requests for personal information .
i am not particularly close to the uncle and i am afraid he could at best indiscriminately release the data to the public in a bid to humiliate me or even worse use the data to get me fired from work .
i am also afraid that this will open the door for my uncle to request financial data social media data and other data .
my parents agree that i should hand over the data and they said if i do n't hand it over they will preside over my funeral .
most animes i watch normally stemmed from mangas and/or light novels .
when it 's decided that a studio will animate it do the authors have any say in the final product and if so how much ?
i 'm looking for good romance anime 's that would make anyone cry and wish for more
the mind can turn the body 's ph from acidic to alkaline in a matter of minutes .
if you want to prevent disease be happy eliminate depression and fatigue and cure any disease you have you absolutely categorically must reduce stress that is in your body .
it is impossible to say eliminate all stress '' but you certainly can reduce stress .
health-care practitioners around the world have proven over and over again that by simply reducing stress diseases are cured .
even medical doctors can not deny the power of the mind in healing the body .
the placebo affect has been proven by even the pharmaceutical industry !
the placebo affect has shown that up to 40 percent of people cure themselves with nothing more than thoughts .
that comes directly from the pharmaceutical industry 's own literature .
that is a natural cure they do n't want you to know about .
so i am sharing with you a simple practice to reduce stress through this 5 minute youtube video https youtu.be/ahiaf1zmobk that deals with your spiritual chills energy under your goosebumps which goes by many different names like euphoria voluntary goosebumps ecstasy prana chi qi vayus aura mana life force pit rapture ruah ether nephesch chills goosebumps the force and many more .
and here 's my reddit community r/spiritualchills where you can share your own experiences talk and ask questions about your experience with this spiritual energy .
put in the work learn to listen correctly to your body know it could take a while and stop being a victim .
i 'm about 95 better and have regular sex almost without issue .
i was completely numb for about 6 months with bad ed for reference .
dct and eccentric loading with weights along with regular walking swimming and cross training is how i started to get better .
i 've recently been infatuated by this game and i really want to try to play this game with some of my friends .
the problem is getting a copy of this game is waaay too expensive and i do n't know enough about emulation and it 's legality to go that route .
does anyone have any advice on how to play this game and the recommended way to do so ?
i can trade the torrent links of narcos and atomic dubstep
unfortunately i missed the contract on the sarasti because there was dialogue options i missed but is it still possible to get the geralt the professional achievement where you complete all contracts available ?
2 weeks back in the game from a year break saw this and just had to tame it as my first pet
when roy is going off on a very rare you can go fuck yourselves '' rant do not interject w yeaahh a back n ' forth 'you owe me an apology no you mil no you owe me an apology ' .
just shut up listen and laugh like the rest of the crew !
when mike is doing a thing about jason witten we do not need your gahdamn play-by-play !
let him do the thing and just shut up listen and laugh like the rest of the crew !
for real i love you dan and i care about you but enough is enough !
so far the warden seems pretty scary and it should be scary but there could be a lot of ways it can change the environment .
i think first there should be dripstone along the top of every deep dark biome and the warden should be able to make the dripstone fall down .
the warden could also be able to turn normal blocks into sculk blocks similar to the snow golem with the block having a 50 chance of it being a sculk moss block 20 chance of it being a sculk stone block 20 chance of it being a sculk sensor block and a 10 chance of it being a new block called a sculk scanner .
the sculk scanner would be a brighter blue than the normal sculk with it flickering like the warden 's chest .
when you step within 2 blocks of a sculk scanner you will get the glowing effect for 15 seconds glowing the same blue as the block .
the sculk scanner would let off the same amount of light as a redstone torch but it would be blue and not flicker from the warden 's presence .
the warden will be able to see you as if it was a normal mob and will have a seeing radius of 100 blocks .
this block along with sculk sensors and sculk stone would be directional .
i am trying to add hail of thrones but for same reason i can not find the spot to add the spell dc condition .
anyone able to assist why would a level one spell not be on the built in list ?
right after applying i got a text to schedule an interview hosted by a site called hirebridge .
so i 've had him for about a month now ... he gets unlimited dry food and one 3oz can of wet food .
for the last 3 days now he is not finishing his wet food ... .i have noticed he is eating more dry food that usual ... should i be concerned ?
when i put the wet food for him he comes super excited and eats half then loses interest it seems .
tuy hi t so vi cc la chn khc nhng hiu qu em li th khng th ph nhn .
vi nhng khu vn rng c nhiu khng gian sinh hot th nhng li i nh th ny lm tng thm  sang trng v khin vic kt ni cc khng gian thm d dng hn .
khng phi l nhng vng trn do ngi ngoi tri t to ra m l mt cch to cho khu vn nhng li i lng mn v ngh thut .
bao xung quanh nhng vng trn ln bng c l nhng hng si gip cho thm c xanh mt cng thm ni bt .
mine is several years old and need to be replaced .
apparently melanzana in person shopping is by appt only .
i recently got a neoregelia fireball '' to add to my vivarium but i was wondering how fast it will root ?
i just recently thought of that as i was wondering about it but i do n't know what the official explanation is or if this is a well know fact .
i 've only read till half of wolves of the callah so please do n't spoil .
scp 3008 is an ikea that is bigger on the inside than the outside so big that it 's nicknamed the infinite ikea .
as soon as you look away from the entrance it disappears and you are stuck in scp 3008 .
the employees '' or scp 3008-1 are humanoids without a face who die about as easily as a normal person .
at the time that the ikea closes the lights tun off and the employees '' become hostile towards you and can be heard muttering the phrase
excuse me the store is now closed please exit the building immediately ''
if one of the employees is killed the body must be disposed asap or else it 's going to start attracting other employees .
the next day all of the ikea 's used up resources are replenished with no explanation .
one of the bodies was cut up and surprisingly nothing was in there no organs no bones just air .
an exit is pretty misleading as if one is seen they must escape very quickly as unlike the entrance it can disappear right infront of a persons eyes .
so far only one person managed to escape but he was chased by an employee and got killed .
all he left behind was a notebook with all the prior information .
best western plus hiawatha hotel hiawatha https best-western-plus-hiawatha-hotel.usa8.info https best-western-plus-hiawatha-hotel.usa8.info featuring free wifi and a hot tub best western plus hiawatha hotel offers accommodations in hiawatha .
you will find a 24-hour front desk at the property .
119 east lodge road hiawatha ks 66434 united states of america
im looking for a custom 1997 civic type r livery .
we offer pest control castle hill https localpestcontrolcastlehill.com.au for cockroaches insect extermination spider removal more .
call us on 0488 811 269 to know more about our services .
i like this immersive sounds compendium except for the ambient sounds of invisible people in inns and taverns .
i was in the bannered mare well after midnight and there were two or three other patrons but the ambient voices made it sound as though there were many more .
by the way i 'm assuming the voices are coming from this mod .
filtering active '' and contains sound or music '' in mo2 shows i have only a few other mods with sound files at least loose ones .
there does n't seem to be a mod for this one to remove the laughter and voices .
i 've looked through the sound files and i do n't see any that look like they 're providing the voices .
anyone have any idea how i can silence them ?
i now realize i also have sounds of skyrim loaded .
trouble is its audio files are in a .bsa file unlike isc 's .wav files .
all of her friends have gathered at the beach house to celebrate party for the night .
shirtless guys and bikini-clad girls fill the beach house are enjoying themselves by the big swimming pool .
she 's going out with a bang because it 's your 25th .
and also because this will be her last year of being a 'bachelorette ' .
as she stands there talking to a group of friends her charming fianc is talking to others offering them drinks .
she love him with all her heart and he loves her too .
on this special night she 's wearing an elegant sundress that amplifies her beauty .
as is the case with all pool parties people are often thrown into the swimming pool that 's exactly what happens to her .
as she walks over to get some more drinks a few of her friends grab her and throw her into the pool .
everyone giggle as she swims towards the edge of the pool and try to get out .
as she gets out with water dripping down from her her fianc approaches her with a playful smirk to say happy birthday.. '' and kisses her .
as much as she enjoys swimming around in the pool she 's too drenched to hang out enjoy the party .
so she goes into the house to take a quick shower .
she grabs a towel and goes into the main bathroom .
closing the door she enters the shower area and takes a warm relaxing shower for about 5 minutes .
as she finishes the shower and gets out of the shower area you 're standing there with a smile on your face .
i 'm here to deliver your birthday present which is to give you some mind-blowing oral pleasure that 'll result in the best orgasm of your life.
she also does n't know that her best friends 'arranged ' for you to meet her there give her the oral pleasure that she needs .
because they know that she her fiancee have been 'saving themselves up ' for marriage .
her friends think that she need some sexual relief and they arranged this so that she 'll have a memorable birthday
will you accomplish your mission of tasting the beloved birthday girl on this special night ?
so the core theme of the plot is that a young woman celebrating her 25th birthday will be given oral pleasure by a strange man/woman because her fianc does n't do it obviously she 'll be reluctant to receive it because she 'd never cheat on her loving fiancee .
but you 're there to provide her with an amazing orgasm that she 'll remember for the rest of her life .
so make sure to tease her touch her titillate her rile her up gently coerce her and ultimately taste her .
because even though her friends arranged for this you 're personally eager to taste her .
so you are required to gently coerce her eventually give her the mind-blowing oral pleasure that she deserves
one important thing i want to note is that your character should n't have a saviour complex ie your character is n't 'saving' my character from a barren life of endless sexual frustration .
your character is also not an escort so he should n't behave like one either .
be casual kind semi-forceful since i expect the scene to have a dub-con vibe .
if i get many responses i wo n't be able to respond to all of it .
so pardon me if you did n't get a reply .
i just saw a post in instagram where half of the people in the comments were supporting taliban .
they say that western media just made taliban look bad .
can someone from afghanistan clarify how bad the situation is ?
i 'm trying to find the song that plays in the opening of this episode when the jerrys ' are self terminating .
i tried going through all the albums i could find and i do n't think it was on there is anyone familiar with it ?
i was wondering if anyone knew whether or not their is still decent patches of snow to hike to on mt hood .
i probably sound like a kook but i know that timberline has closed and i 'm taking a trip there in september with a group of guys .
we are from tahoe so can hike and would hike to any spots with snow even a little fun patch .
please let me know if you 're in the area or know of where we can hike thank you
hi i 'm 6'2 fit shaved head stubble tan and a thick heavy cock .
here to pleasure every inch of you with my words and make you cum from sext voice messages gifs and general fun chat .
this is the 166530th time i made this shitty comment .
1 login to your mog station account https secure.square-enix.com https secure.square-enix.com
when you purchase a subscription for the first time you will get
friendship circlet increases exp earned by 20 when level 25 and below .
aetheryte ticket x 99 players in possession of an aetheryte ticket when using teleport will not incur a gil fee .
ballroom etiquette improper greetings using this will unlock a new emote .
10 silver chocobo feathers trade to the calamity salvager npc for special items .
the calamity salvager npc can be found in limsa lominsa gridania or ul'dah
are you an entrepreneur who ventures into food items and is looking to take a position during a visi-cooler deep-freezer or pastry cabinet then you want to concentrate on the below information ?
if you 're getting to buy a billboard cooling system then do n't make hasty decisions .
a commercial refrigerator is expensive and if you finish up buying an inexpensive system then it 's getting to cost you even more .
it 's like spending 10 pennies for saving one .
it 's a long-term investment which has got to be made wisely .
visit the best voltas deep freezer dealer http rdcoolingsolution.in !
here are the four factors that are important to stay in mind while buying a billboard cooling system for your business .
the location where you would like to put in your commercial refrigerator is crucial in informing your purchase .
choose a spot near the kitchen or inside the kitchen a spot that is perfect for the graceful functioning of your kitchen or cooking space .
it 's important to estimate and measure the space of the place in order that you 'll purchase the precise unit which will be placed within it .
always evaluate the space within the kitchen before investing in a commercial refrigerator .
the type of food that you simply got to store
food items are getting to be a crucial factor while making a sale of economic refrigeration because it will determine the sort of cooling system you would like .
is it getting to be milk products or ice creams that you simply got to store then a deep-freezer is going to be your ideal system ?
if you 're getting to store aerated drinks or juices then choose a visi-cooler .
if you 're a confectioner then a pastry cabinet is all that you simply need .
you need to work out what quite static cooling system does one need for your food business does one need a glass door static cooling system wherein the customer has quick access to the products or does one need a refrigeration unit just to store your staple .
measuring your food items can monitor your buying in commercial static refrigeration systems .
evaluating the space that you simply have assigned for the cooling system is vital .
in india if you 're a small-scale food entrepreneur struggling to form space for the kitchen or store raw items then it 's advisable to shop for two or three small units supported the number of food .
but never let your cooling system take up more room in your kitchen because it will interfere with the opposite tasks .
your purchases are often an investment or wastage supported by the brand you decide on for purchase when it involves a commercial static refrigeration unit .
each and every time make your purchase after analyzing the buyer 's reviews .
a reliable brand offers you the proper quiet services when it involves untimely repairs in the pre-warranty period .
never take your refrigeration purchase lightly ensure every factor then choose it .
it 's a decision that will affect your profit and time at the end of the day .
to reach rd cooling solution  the best voltas deep freezer dealer delhi ncr http rdcoolingsolution.in send us a mail at customercare rdcoolingsolution.in or call us at 8882359125 or visit our website http rdcoolingsolution.in
for example what is the difference between throttle and throttle api or between auth and auth api ?
when do we use api with a middleware key ?
eulertools this project has a very bright future because i really think this project is too perfect to be true .
is a platform to explore and discover blockchain content .
our tech extracts data directly from the blockchain and combines it with multiple sources to provide you with all the tools and information you need in a single place .
i just bought all the doom games and i am wondering which ones i need to play first .
i do n't really have a lot of time on my hands and i do n't usually have the time/need to play games all the way to the end however i want to give doom a shot .
i also do n't like to play old games that drag on but some might be nice e.g .
i was thinking of playing doom 2016 and then doom eternal but maybe i might miss some important story stuff .
i was just wondering if anyone has any experience taking him .
looking for photocopier and print solutions in oakville whitby and markham https ebssolutions.ca/photocopier-and-print-solutions-in-oakville-whitby-markham.html for your business ?
we have to various options to optimize managed print services reduce printing costs free up capital and ease supporting and maintaining your printing infrastructure .
i ca n't do it i just ca n't .
i try to be happy and grateful for the things i still have in my life like a roof over my head and an amazing partner .
but the pain is so immense and i feel so disabled and useless .
i 'm stuck in my tiny apartment most of the time i 'm bored and in extreme pain constantly it 's horrifying .
my days usually consist of me shaking crying screaming kicking my feet biting into my pillow and then crying some more .
i 've had chronic pain since i was 12 and i 'm 28 now .
it 's a whole lot of suffering and there 's a lot more to come .
i do n't know why i 'm still here i wish i could find the courage to commit suicide but i ca n't do that either .
i just hate life when i 'm in pain and unfortunately that 's 90 the time .
it 's that 10 that 's keeping me alive if i did n't have that i would have killed myself a long time ago .
but 10 is not enough and it 's driving me crazy .
i ca n't end my life but i ca n't get rid of my pain either .
i ca n't be happy until my pain is gone i really ca n't do it no matter how hard i try .
my girlfriend is getting tired of me complaining about my pain .
but i ca n't hide it the pain is just too much .
i 've noticed that after a big social event band concert party music festival i cant fall asleep because i hallucinate that some of the people i interacted with at the event are still in my bedroom with me .
it causes me to mumble in an effort to make conversation ' with these people or i wo n't lie down comfortably in my bed because i feel like i have to look acceptable and be polite to these people .
i end up getting barley any or no sleep because of this .
after many hours of this weird hallucination state i will realize i have n't actually fallen asleep and understand that i 've been hallucinating .
sometimes being aware of it does n't actually stop them though .
sometimes i do n't fall asleep until 5 am .
it only happens 1-2x a year so it is not a huge inconvenience but i find it so weird .
this has been going on for the past 8 years .
i was wondering if anyone else has experienced something like this particularly linked to social events .
hello does anyone have an access to this article ?
i 've looked for it in scihub libgen but it seems that it has n't been added anywhere .
hey there i would love to help you get off over an audio call .
tell me the kinds of things that turn you on .
i want to hear them and i would like to help you cum !
after that verify through your email id by click on the verify account
1 eifi 88 current price.. check it on trust wallet
i filed for migraines tinnitus sinusitis hemorrhoids and hair loss as secondary to keloidalis nuchae on july 12 2021 .
i had the tinnitus exam july 28th and the migraines/hair loss on august 14 with lhi .
i checked ebenefits and they were closed and denied august 17 .
is this normal to get decisions this soon after exams ?
i also have a hlr for shin spins with limitation of flexion .
they only gave me right leg but it should be bilateral .
what are the odds that they will grant left since it is limitation of flexion .
i 'm trying to buy english fictional books but what i want is not available in popular .
is konikuniya a good place and do they deliver faster ?
asked thq if the update is coming and they said it 's coming so hopefully it comes soon
its times like this that i reflect upon my existence and remember i am older than a particular bot and think everything is going to be something ''
so i have two best friends let 's say t ' m,17 and p ' f,18 and i love both of them .
now i 've known both of them for around 5/6 years in the sense they knew each other but did n't really talk but i 've been friends with them since .
anyway about a year ago both of them came to me about crushing on each other i set them up they started dating etc etc .
but now p ' has been pulling away from me being a bit rude snapping ignoring me leaving me on seen etc and t ' confided in me that she does n't like it when he talks to me or something along those lines .
i know this probably sounds very high school dramaish well it is but it 's been a while i miss talking to her and i do n't want something as stupid as a boy getting in between that .
mostly anyone else i would 've cut them off or talked to them less but this is t ' who 's also equally important to me and i do n't want to lose either of them .
before anyone asks no i do n't have any romantic feelings or anything towards either of them p ' is a genuinely nice person and we 've never had problems like this before i 've been friends with her exes too and i have absolutely no idea how i 'm supposed to fix this .
just started my moonshine was wondering whats the best flavor you get and i should keep making .
a timetable map is always something ready to do .
you do not plan any of train routes just need to set route and signals for trains to get that into their destination without delay .
she lost so much potential and her future with the mcu with that .
the good news is that it does get better .
when i first woke up it was horrible but it does get better .
every now and then i will start feeling that way again but it is less and less often and less severe .
perhaps ask yourself why it could be discounted over 90 first ?
thank you for your contribution to r/steam however your submission has automatically been removed for potentially violating the rules .
the removal is most likely because you are asking a tech or account support question .
if that is the case use the community support thread at the top of the subreddit .
make sure you 've read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/steam/about/rules and thank you for your patience !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/steam if you have any questions or concerns .
say hello and add a friendly comment to another user 's post on the sub while you wait for someone to comment on your post !
when someone contacts you review their profile before responding .
help us make this a better community by becoming familiar with the rules .
click the report '' link on any posts or comments that break the sub 's rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere if you have any questions or concerns .
lol even mumbai has this regulation and people do n't even go to the beach .
the law was made solely to let sea breeze in
context in this scene blake and petra among other 3h and rwby characters are trapped in a three-way war .
blake and petra are fighting against viking warriors roused into a rage .
content warning for loss of limbs and on-screen deaths .
i 'll be out for some of the day but i 'll be sure to come around and leave comments for everyone !
two of the larger ones adorned in ritualistic scars and covered in red body paint literally threw aside a handful of their fellow warriors and locked eyes with blake and petra .
one armed with a hammer and simple leather clothing let out a deep bellow of rage smacking his head against his hammer .
maybe the red on him was n't paint or dye but just his actual blood .
the other a woman with most of her head shaved and bloodshot dark eyes pointed at blake with her axe .
with the other hand wielding a knife she dragged the edge along her throat .
the two tattooed warriors charged at blake and petra .
blake glanced over to see where weiss and yang were and found them facing off against a man with a small round shield and a trident shining brass plates covering only a single shoulder and a knight in full armor helmet obscuring any details about the person behind the metal .
alright so no help from them blake thought already ducking and weaving out of the way from incoming axe blows .
petra parried strike after strike from the other one moving quickly and cutting at his exposed flesh in between strikes .
this looked like it only enraged him even more .
both of their opponents fought like they did n't even care about their own lives barely reacting to injuries and seeming more just ... lustful for the smell and sight of their own blood .
blake matched the axe-wielding maniac blow for blow with her foe getting a good number of hits in .
her shirt once white now had blood seeping through the fabric as the wounds stung at her flesh and rubbed raw against sliced cloth .
petra 's yelling mixed with the roaring coming from the beast of a man she faced interspersed with the incomprehensible rambling of the woman blake fought .
gambol shroud blocked strike after strike but the woman 's dagger got a few hits in that blake was n't fast enough to block .
blake ducked underneath a horizontal swing and leaped forward bringing gambol shroud up to the woman 's chest .
however she found herself parried almost immediately and thrown to the side tumbling on the wet stone until she could find her footing again .
a disjointed quick scan allowed her to stop dedue and the blonde-haired girl fighting the same woman she had seen before the one with the spear and bone-white mask .
their spears and axes collided with one another in a desperate duel that seemed to have no end .
at least not until dedue latched his axe 's head into the woman 's shoulder throwing her to the ground and swinging overhead to implant the blade into her back .
blake blinked refocusing on the foe in front of her .
this time though blake played to her expectations and dodged but kept gambol shroud level .
like she expected the woman tried to follow the dodge with an incoming swing but a flick of blake 's wrist severed the woman 's arm forcing her axe to fall to the ground with a clatter next to the limb itself .
rather than react in shock or fear like blake thought she would the woman instead stared at her missing limb blood gushing from the wound and laughed .
she cackled and sheathed her knife picking up the axe with her remaining hand and continuing the fight like nothing had even happened .
they should n't even be able to contest that .
is n't that one of the points of unemployment insurance ?
joondalup took an hour in total when i did it last month someone posted in the perth subreddit saying it was an hour for them today too .
other option is booking at a gp when the wife did that it took 25mins
it 's my baby and i 'm so excited for what 's coming next !
the various groves will make an appearance fairies will return you can delve into necromancy and fungal mind-control ... or you can side with the fairies instead !
i wish i could take something for the short time but i can not take steroids .
i have bruno but i guess just ride it out and maybe cover the spot by going at least greenwood or subsequently sancho .
but when bruno scores likely comes from a pass from greenwood or sancho or even pogba but still would wait on pogba .
if bruno assists it would be for gw or sancho .
otherwise just enjoy son and the other player you upgraded by not having bruno .
your decision to be bruno should have already taken into account that he might haul .
why should there be some kind of reasonable expectations ?
if i want to out and out lie irrelevant of the medium i should be able to do so .
we will not reply to modmail messages similar to what is reason my post was removed ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're wasting your time even trying to talk to corporal neckbeard .
those are some of if not the best mcc players but the testers got it in the bag
trees take about 20 years to mature to a point where they are useful as carbon sinks does n't help that we clear even more trees to make wood chips '' emitting even more carbon and removing even more carbon sinks .
we are making it worse with this bullshit you know that right ?
it just allows people to stay in delusion to ensure we do n't do the one thing that will make a difference reduce our energy consumption .
ce nu inteleg eu e de ce ar zambi cineva asa cu toti dintii taman in poza de pe buletin .
i will not mourn lack of booze this morning.. feeling great confident and good to go !
eh from my experience they were pretty decent idk about ur regions tho i play on singapore servers
dont do it you have so much to live for life is beautyfull it may not seem like it right now but life gets better
i 'm not aware of many tbh avenger was lama me leaph saywah i know most of cag are n't not sure re randos or ig swift controller .
in new jersey taxes and fees average 4 6 per line .
the exit strategy was good but he made a mess like with the vaccine
i only have damage proc obelisks at the moment .
this stutter has been happening to me more than ever this season .
when i posted about it the other day no one really had a fix for me .
i 'm on an xbox one s. i have apex loaded onto an ssd and that still does n't help it run smooth .
i do n't have an answer but know you 're not alone in your suffering .
it would n't be next fucking level if he was aiming for all the cans would it now ?
would you have six months ago considered a normal movement for a company to put even a 2.5 of their assets in god damned gold bars ?
the simulation is based on return to castle wolfenstein '' ?
it 's palantir the guys with access to petabytes of government/private data a company whose product is adaptative predictive software systems that turns heaps of unrelated data into inteligence on what 's going to happen in short term .
call me whatever you want but these guys know something ... bucke up !
2013 in sweden a woman was found dead it was suspected she had been murdered using a riding lawn mower .
her husband was arrested for it as they owned one of those and he had been seen on it the day before she was found .
turns out she had been mauled to death by a moose .
so the pure motorsport cars m3 m5 etc are the real race cars .
basically what ever the larger available motor for a series is they call that car m something .
like in the us for instance you can get a 330i 4 cylinder or a 340i 6 cylinder .
so the cars are sold as 330i and m340i .
yeah i think a month max is probably how long i will end up staying .
sounds good i 'll see what i can do .
check your messages when you get the chance as well sent you one .
how would you go about reporting a continuously compounded/recieved staking reward for taxes in the us ?
ich sehe einen der noch an den quetsch glaubt ich roffel mir einen ab
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mauerstrassenwetten if you have any questions or concerns .
it s p90 mate p60 does n't even exist dude
i cuddle with my boyfriend before sleeping and when we wake up sleeping itself we do in separate beds .
we are so much better now that i can sleep too !
you are suffering if he does n't understand that and sleep in another bed so you can sleep too he is really selfish .
i get he want to sleep next to you but i assume he cares about you and wants you to sleep good and be healthy ?
so you did this 2months ago ... so just from the leaks ?
i disagree i think the first war and last guardian story is interesting enough it also provides opportunities for lots of sequels .
the problem with the warcraft movie was it had actors who could n't act writers who did n't know the lore and a director who is supposedly a fan who did n't have a problem with either .
imo if they made it about arthas it would have been even more disappointing .
they would 've botched the acting story and overall execution of the movie which would feel even worse considering the love fans have for the lich king story .
you put your vet in the official wallet and vtho gets accumulated automatically .
page turns depend on the setting you set on your reader .
joillain vesilinuilla poikaset ei tunnista toista sukupuolta ollenkaan jos niit ei ole omassa poikueessa tai jos poikanen ei trm niihin ensimmisen elinkuukautensa aikana .
yes but i stand by preparing for devastating rains heat and drought as more important long-term in texas .
you should always be prepared for emergencies/power loss too hurricanes are again a much more likely disaster than another freeze like we had in feb .
if anything close happens again in the next 5 years i 'll eat my words .
the problem is that people outside of crypto think that if a block is mined by a miner using 100 solar then only solar power was used to mine that block .
it may not be viewed as a problem but when high net worth individuals or companies spread that misinformation it can be harmful .
no sweat i 'm just going to assume your vids were so go they were worried people will think it 's legit .
it 's in loamy soil in a plastic container with bottom holes in full open sun in zone 8b .
i was hoping to keep it in some way as a potted outdoor plant but am not really sure how to go about it .
i 'm not really sure about any part of the upkeep with this plant .
it 's native to drier areas and may be getting too much rain .
i 'm not sure if the soil needs to be replaced or it needs nutrients either .
nandos sauce is n't supplied to the supermarkets from nandos stores though .
house of fine foods is the supplier if i remember correctly .
taleban will have the same problems keeping helicopters airborne that the afghan government had just even worse .
http www.freepornreward.org we have created nasty little game to reward you for your loyal membership to this sub .
solve the porn puzzle '' and get your reward here http www.freepornreward.org
stop jerking off and finally meet someone to fuck here now !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ratemypussy if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm just saying maybe they do n't want to make an enemy of india by meddling with kashmir affairs right now .
or maybe they just do n't give a fuck about pakistan .
either way them not poking their nose into our affairs is certainly not a sign of friendship .
oh man the left click attack move makes kiting so much easier for my role adc but my god is it obnoxious to try to ping normally or ping items you do n't already have .
het lijkt erop dat er hier een keus is tussen enerzijds de ministersposten openlaten en het land niet meer besturen of de posten wel vullen en terechtkomen in een situatie die niet past bij wat de grondwet omschrijft als het proces .
mijn punt was dat we hier in een situatie zitten die niet gedekt wordt door wat de grondwet omschrijft .
so basically would i lie to you and 8 out of 10 cats .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/nextfuckinglevel/comments/p4u73f/tea_harvesting_and_a_stunning_view_would_be_the 32 32
the easy 8 is better thana a panther d but wirse than a imo still they are really close in capabilities .
when it qas 5.3 togheter with the m18 5.3 americans was the mist used lineuo to complete event tasks rhey just mappe the floor with german big cats .
if m18 and e8 where the most proficient lineuo at 5.3 at 5.7 they are still validb so stop complaining and use your tanks giw they are supposed to be used
speeds in the article do n't make any sense .
it 's megabits per second or megabytes per second but that is n't used to measure network speed
it was about a year ago so i do n't remember all the details but it did seem to take a few weeks .
they seemed to get back to me quick when i messaged them about a sale they had so i guess try that if it 's taking too long
i did n't even think of that but god is it on point after sering this comment
a smock in cru wear i 'd eat that up since i love trying new steels .
you make me want to go get that first production run g10 griptillian in 20cv outta the safe it 's been sitting in for years and see how that steel holds up .
that katy herself could n't pull the concept off properly
holy shit are you my brother cause it 's the same for me
your side '' or not you are the problem .
they have no plan for getting into la or into the bay area .
they chose the easiest place to start in the center of the ultimate plan so there would be no turning back .
there was right of way and it would be the cheapest build .
its an absolute boondoggle and what we 're seeing now is why i voted against it .
if you live near it like i do you can not believe the mistakes they make and how in over their heads they are .
word gets around and there is alot worse mis management than what the la times and sac bee prints .
it wo n't operate for a decade at best and when it does nobody is going to use it .
it will go much slower than you think it does also .
oddly opposite for me my current and last job thought i was in my late 20s turns out i 'm 35 ...
skillz apps are real though i 'm not sure if they work in every country but it 's basically gambling .
you have to pay money to enter the tournament and then the winner gets money .
at the end of the day the real winner is skillz who takes a big cut out of every tournament .
personally speaking i put in 10 and played for a while and withdrew something in the ballpark of 25 but it took a lot of willpower as they make it so tempting to keep going for a bigger prize .
it 's also possible that you 'll lose whatever you put in or worse win a bunch and then lose it all trying to chase back what you 've lost .
tell me that you are a german in one word
again toriyama is the one who likes to take years of vegeta 's personal development and wash it down the drain almost every major z or gt arc .
super actually had him become a better partner to bulma and father to his kids he did n't make any dumb mistakes against freiza when he resurrected and he put in work during the tournament and that goat guy arcs only to have goku win through some bs power up
https community.bistudio.com/wiki/arma\_3 headless\_client https community.bistudio.com/wiki/arma_3 headless_client this does n't explain too much but it hopefully can get you on the right track .
basically because arma 3 was developed a long time ago it tries doing a lot of the calculations all on one processor core .
which is a bit overwhelming for the core and gums up the whole thing .
so a headless client just shifts some of that workload around so everything runs smooth .
your comment has been removed top-level comments must begin with a 3-letter rating like fmk or kmf representing which you want to fuck marry or kill with no spaces or special characters so the bot can add it to the tally .
you can explain your rating anyhow you like after that .
and if you posted something clever like fff or kkk that 's not how the game is played .
you can edit your comment and message the mods to have it approved or just delete it and post again properly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/truefmk if you have any questions or concerns .
will it get to the point where she feels speaking out and getting the boot is the better option
she 's just as bad as the rest of them now .
fucking everyone over to try and save her job .
i prefer more rounded style as opposed to more cateye like the second
fuck on the hood on the hood of the car 
it looks like all the warp points on the map .
well actually it leaves out some e.g. ! kira beach and ocean palace ! which makes a lot of sense being added later to the game .
stop it little attention to details like these that help me to love this game ? ! ! !
over the last few years former players and coaches have talked about waiting til high school at the earliest for tackle .
locally it 's their kids in flag leagues while the parents who live vicariously through their kids are trying to push them into tackle at the youngest age .
he may only be second chair now but with enough intense practice first chair is already his .
you would be surprised you can make a 1min long macro of you actually playing and then repeat that and it 's literally untraceable by any current tech lol
woah that 's awesome making a webtoon is kinda like a distant dream for me rn but i do n't think i could ever touch animation it 's too advanced
if you think this post is a shitpost upvote this comment !
if you think this post is a godawfulpost downvote this comment !
and now some info that 's only relevant if this post is a video/gif .
all comments tagging downloader bots will be automatically removed on behalf of kevin because he does n't like it when you spam requests for those bots .
therefore i have provided some download links for you instead .
please use these links if you want to download this post .
kevin would also like to remind you that if you 're really desperate youtube-dl can be used to download videos from reddit .
whilst you 're here yeboijkb why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/qpbgxd2guu ?
from what i 've heard here each metro has a lead usually found in the local metros facebook page .
got ta love how a requirement to talk to the lead is being on facebook imo .
i doubt most shoppers know who the lead is or even of it just by doing their job .
if i remember well the lesson i took 25 years ago when passing my driving license blinker are mandatory to overtake on every road repair except highway .
on highway and road with a central separation as you can drive on the left line without the risk of having a car coming in front of you the driver can decide to use the blinker only when he changes line .
that is when driving on the left line it is optional but you have to blink before changing lane .
it is also permitted to keep the blinker during the whole overtake procedure .
scotus is n't in charge of parsing texas law .
the texas supreme court is the final authority on that .
i 'm still curious about other people 's experience with selling the pcs nfts .
i upvoted some of ur other posts if u could upvote this comment and some of my other comments i would be really happy .
make sure to read all of the rules prior to buying or selling !
paypal g s is the only acceptable form of payment .
make sure to check out the scammer list https redd.it/ii8nga as well .
sigh ps5 might as well be made of adamantium or vibranium .
or a bit of a 'boss ' pose owning that baggy sweater !
i literally quoted you ... you 're okay with a family dying on the streets just so you do n't have to give up some items .
do n't know how to respond to an iq this low .
should be pretty easy to counter if that were the case !
does it mean something when the other person ca n't counter a low iq ' argument ?
they released a case with a graphics card riser that had screw holes cut into powered traces on the pcb .
their initial fix was to tell people to use plastic screws .
geezuz chris this makes my efforts look like garbage .
i would agree but also say that is a separate issue .
in that context maybe the first argument is that the limit needs to be raised in general .
ah yes a human of culture as well says in liking nekos
due to spam we require account to be at least 4 days old before posting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bdsmpersonals if you have any questions or concerns .
if you try to keep them moisturize it may help .
it 's help me i use vaseline or coco butter
it seemed interesting and there was n't much news of everything that happened here before i applied .
also i 'm a part time-traveling magician so having a good reason to finally completely travel away from pantala such as a school with a better reputation than any of the ones in jewel hive seemed like an appealing way to make others happy with my craft .
then i just sort of did n't leave here as pretty soon i was swept up in the chaos which 's died down quite a lot.
hey i 'm all for adding that to american curriculum it 'd save a lotta lives
falco 's upair is a solid juggle tool when it works but sometimes ... they just do n't go anywhere .
like they get hit by both the weak and strong hit but just go absolutely nowhere and you lose your combo .
to this day i 've never laughed harder than the time i first saw that whole sequence
i recall liking ina garten 's turkey meatloaf recipe pretty well but it 's been ages .
they are from another time and another culture and another language and we are not used to them .
we can study and learn with time but yes most of us struggle with such names .
if you ask too many questions you could worry that you are inexperienced or a nuisance if you do n't ask questions you could make more mistakes ' real or perceived or may not learn/progress to your max potential .
if you are okay with being in any of those categories and pushing forward with work then just keep moving forward .
if they are annoyed or unsatisfied with your work it is their choice to either communicate or terminate .
with the current market they are likely to keep you .
if you do n't feel comfortable working there do n't .
you work your butt off in school feel like you 're at the top of your game then crash-you start at the bottom again .
school typically teaches the fundamentals of engineering but fails to prepare for the real job .
everyone was in the same boat when they started .
who cares they wont be seeing much time behind this new team !
i wish i had my free award for this lmao
what we saw in the video did n't even come close to murder lmao
if you 're good with it i 'll be on tmmrw almost anytime
historical romance tends to be more flowery in language than contemporary .
i think laura kinsale is a superb writer as far as world building word craft character growth ... she happens to write romance .
idk if she wrote anything in particular royalty related .
i feel like he at the edge of becoming way more mainstream testing pushed him in the right direction but all smiles finna put him on the map fasho
i think only companies will be able to afford them at the moment .
this is the very first serious deck that i used .
back then i did n't know anything about whether this deck is good or not but the love for the design and aesthetic of freljord and noxus regions was what made me hooked .
so you think mask mandates are dumb because the town you live in is fine ?
what if i told you that the us had literally thousands of towns that you didnt live in ?
what if i told you that huge portions of the population could n't get vaccinated and they had to congregate together in tight settings every single day ?
there are 0 deaths because everyone at risk got vaccinated yet we still do this bs
sounds like you are in favor of vaccine mandates then ...
nope it 's a direct attack on gay and black kids .
the school is telling them they are n't welcome because of their identities .
that 's a tad different than banning trump flags symbols of love and inclusion are n't the same of symbols of hate and division .
but the real reason your perspective is shit is that banning trump flags nazi symbols hurts literally no one but banning gay/black stuff hurts already vulnerable people .
yes this is definitely one of the better modern european shows out there .
of course it 's fiction compared to homeland however it 's almost a documentary ...
in case you have n't finished the show do yourself a favour and treat s5 episode 8 as the finale got s8 has nothing on the trainwreck that is the bureau 's final 2 episodes ...
2 seconds is n't worth a first and that 's what mac is
i pretty much told everyone and i think that 's one of the major things that helped me heal .
because that way when i was struggling with it i could kind of shorthand it to them and be like dealing with all that 'stuff . ' ''
and they could be there for me but more importantly it took away a lot of the shame .
a military career is n't for me so i do n't really see myself pursuing that one .
i 'm a low level player and have a vampiric buzz blade so i can at least tag some stuff with no threat of dying before they get blown away by high level players .
yeah real funny coming from china of all places lmfao
narco road is the cartoon violence version best part is getting to work with the cartel to kill rebels without consequences .
it 's basically a sequel to the main game .
l'unica parte del ragionamento che per non capisco e scrivo qui per capire se sono io a essere strano  come quei 24 euro all'anno facciano la differenza mentre i 12 euro per lo spritz nel bar a invece che i 10 euro nel bar b no .
l'esempio stupido di vita quotidiana in una serata di milano qualsiasi  per palesare tutte le piccole differenze di spesa che nella vita quotidiana ci troviamo ad affrontare ... che dopo mesi o anni potrebbero cumularsi e addirittura essere investite e maturare interessi .
having to let some guests know they are no longer invited due to unanticipated covid restrictions fine !
inviting people of any age and then disinviting them a week before the wedding because they ca n't drink alcohol and will somehow ruin other 's fun not ok .
what your cousin did was in very poor taste .
he went out of his way to make kids feel included then pulled the rug out from under them .
added to that he can say his wedding his choice '' till he is blue in the face but he can not also demand that people attend .
i suggest that you and your family get dressed up that day and have a fun party at home .
you forget that except heydtich they all have nukes at their disposal which make the 2nd wrw impossible
beautiful painting of a shiny laden boat destined for an accident .
my mom is third generation japanese american and thinks all latin american folks are illegals from mexico '' .
yeah you are probably right i do n't think android programming will take that much but the price different between the lenovo and the acer for only 15 so i think it reasonable ?
the mods are open to some kind of limit from what i 've seen .
they deserve to be forgotten their names trodden into the mud .
i know i 'm not really answering your question but seriously what kind of idiot does that
i think people that have had horrible experiences just hate cops in general .
and i get it i 've heard of cops committing assault and sexual assault and basically getting away with it .
so if you tell a victim to just be respectful after that that is n't going to be received well .
to be honest i dont mind on waiting a game for a bit longer if the gaming experience is worth my time .
lately ... well past year or so gaming experience is bad or worse .
thats why every 18 year old wants to move the fuck out
do you always omit your ass from shaving or is it just temporary ?
i think that a lot of people are lying regardless of who they voted for .
you know they 'll go right back to their lives and forget about it 5 minutes after posting on social media about how heartbroken '' they are .
i do n't think he restrained them he was too busy getting them off and away from the bridge/trails quickly to avoid the possibility of someone seeing .
a probable threat with a weapon would 've been more than enough to heard the girls down the hill and scare them into listening to him .
explains all the covidiots out there ... please do n't excuse this behavior .
you 'd at least expect good results and think well at least we kinda helped '' but that 's not the case at all .
dm'den davet atmak reddit'in yerleik ve subredditler st bir zelliidir .
srf kgb hulk rahatsz olmasn diye kgb'ye ve dier subredditlere daveti kestik .
last i checked apple still has the key to decrypt photos in icloud so your point is moot .
what you paying on crs of evil twin ki-sikil evil twin lil-la and a pankratops ?
i feel like fighting sexism with hexes would make people more sexist .
like if men already do n't take you seriously you think trying to perform hexes is going to change that ?
i 've been thinking about transferring but until next year i ca n't do it so i 'm stuck here until next july .
online schooling is a great idea i did n't think of it so thank you so much ! !
also my boyfriend was the first one who told me to go and live with my father so there 's nothing really holding me back
i love the little stories of everyone killing other people lol i 'll have to give that place a try
it would have been great to see what she went on to do !
cue me thinking great idea and checking if i am 8dpo yet ...  i am .
i know the last batch was launched quite a while ago but they can take a few months to get to their actual service positions in the constellation .
it 's a bit niche and more than a little depressing at times but definitely a good film .
tbh we need more frontier-like monsters and mecanics in future games
your parents sound like they are extremely angry towards you turning out to be a better parent than them .
time to cut the connection imo but that 's your choice .
this is n't even about the morality of poor people .
the report makes it clear the wealthiest are contributing the most to emissions .
it 's like on one hand he would say talk to me .
then when i would he 'd get defensive and say he could n't please me
americans were different in 2001 after 9/11 than they are now .
they are n't expensive and will save you a ton of time right now .
if you 're into her and think she might be into you then ask her out .
if you 're not into her then try to reestablish boundaries so your friendship can continue as is .
trying to figure out if she 's into you before you let her know you 're into her is a stupid ego game .
fear if rejection will likely cause her to say she 's not if put on the spot .
i agree that names change and have different implications based on culture .
that is why i used the term gender '' since gender is informed by social and cultural differences rather than biological ones .
oh for sure i have been doing the quiet avoidance for a long time haha .
but it just does n't seem to be enough to get me out of every situation so i 'm now going to be telling people no straight up when necessary .
i feel pretty sure that i want to draw a hard boundary and avoid 100 of these situations and i also feel like telling people the real reason when i have the energy is probably a good way to go about it .
i wish i had a bedroom that cool when i was growing up
it seems like you have not attempted to structure your post title to classify your question 's level and discipline/topic enclosed with square brackets as a title prefix .
as level physics light help please i have n't done matg in so long cuz of the pandemic and i do n't know how to do this please help someone
examples|**square brackets is being used at prefix must topic optional clear question
includes syllabus gce 'o ' level calculus differentiation how to differentiate e ?
ap english essay writing should all adverts be factual ?
includes grade grade 8 algebra complete the square how to factorise ax 2 bx+c ?
grade/level is not specific enough high school math what is my qs ?
what is your question ? grade 8 algebra helpppp !
classify your question with square brackets q what is my question ?
there is no fixed list of standardised grades disciplines or topics .
as long as you have tried your best to structure your post title to keep things organised in the following format level/syllabus discipline and/or topic question ?
please delete this post and i am excited to receive your question again with everything well formulated and in compliance with our subreddit rules reddit rules and its t c .
pro-tip attempt to edit this post to extract the description so you do not have to re-write everything all over again.
do read up our subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/homeworkhelp/about/rules so you are cognizant of how things work here !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/homeworkhelp if you have any questions or concerns .
i think robert if he was thinking strategically instead of trying to fulfill his dream of uniting his line with ned 's family could have secured the loyalty of the tyrells by promising that his heir would marry margaery who was born the same year that he took the throne which was the year before he married cersei .
i literally can not remember the complete plot to any fionna and cake episode after the first .
bad little boy is about ... marshall lee shit talking prince gumball for eleven straight minutes ?
then there 's one where an old lady pretends to be fionna to get with ice king or something but i do n't recall any further details .
and i know one of them has a pretty amusing ending with weird meta-fanfiction about settings that honestly seem way more interesting than f c ... and that 's literally all i could tell you about the latter fionna and cake episodes .
i honestly had to check the wiki to verify that was n't one of the five you were counting because the other two are so forgettable .
if they do n't look like you they can stay that way
they made a fuckload of money and it was the most preordered game ever they do n't give a shit and they 're going to keep doing stuff like this because clearly it works
it 's so rare to 3 a 5 cost unit that the jump in power is warranted at that level .
the 2 through 4 cost units have completely random power increases from 2 to 3 which seem very disconnected from their cost that 's what throws me for a loop .
the entire meta right now is revolving around identifying outlier 3 units that can overpower entire team comps and it 's leaving me in the dust to be honest .
i am assuming it 's the glitch with the random player horses counting as player entities where they wo n't spawn within a certain radius fingers crossed it gets sorted soon
damn these guys really thought they were gon na be alright and would totally make the flight back to wherever by hanging onto the outside
i loathe george w. bush and i think he and his neocon lackeys should be rotting in a prison cell instead of getting hugs from michelle obama and getting rehabilitated by the media .
my most vivid political fantasy is seeing bush cheney obama and biden behind bars for their part in the war crimes of the us in the early 20th century .
it would also make me giggle with glee if mendacious media propagandists who pushed their false justifications '' for their wars on us were in prison cells right along with them ... .
i also never forget the lack of intellectual curiosity and self-centeredness of w the lack of intelligence and extreme narcissism of trump nor the senility of biden .
in the short span of 21 years we 've had three intellectual duds whose underlings ran this country while congress became the legal arm of corporations that have turned the us into a de facto fascist state .
obama could speak well until he became prez and then used a lot of uuuumms '' and aaaahhhs '' in his extemporaneous speeches and press briefings but he was otherwise a willing participant in the us 's greased slippery slope journey on the way to being a fascist nation .
with e-voting machines i think worse is yet to come .
i 'm so old i suspect i 'll be long-dead before conditions improve in the us .
hopefully they are n't using an app as their only resource .
you were way out of line and apparently do n't know some fundamental basic truths about relationships and manners .
reminds me of a time i went down the rabbit hole of messing with sql databases for an issue that was ultimately solved by changing the font from verdana back to times .
they all must have very interesting last names to make this that important to them .
it 's literally just to minimize the walls slumping towards each other .
that 's not the direction we run rebar in to reinforce walls because it does n't correspond to any forces .
the purpose of that rebar and it looks like two 12 '' pieces maybe is not to reinforce the wall it would need to run vertically for that .
is he set on playing for england or will portugal do ?
it 's fine shit happens we try again you 'll get it eventually
i would suggest that by hiring another individual for this role they have made their position clear that they believe there are two separate positions deserving of separate pay .
initially you were both prepared for you to do these duties but they set a different precedent after the fact that carried on long enough for it to be a significant difference between what you are currently doing and what you will be doing .
so americans use product change and canadians use product switch ?
i 'm wishing i had gone that route instead of my terra cotta pots .
this means there 's no money for anyone else .
fuck me we 're gon na feel the pinch during afcon
if you fall overboard odds are you will be fully clothed .
breaststroke or sidestroke would be the best stroke to learn and/or practice .
yes i know it 's supposed to make no sense because it 's a riddle..
try turning off the new weather shit in the taskbar
i never baught the extra content buy my dad did buy me dragon quest for my birthday .
this comment is a copy of your post so readers can see the original text if your post is edited or removed .
this comment is not accusing you of copying anything .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
my whole life i was raised in a way where when i need to concentrate or need to focus on doing things i should n't have my phone .
it 's a habit that i keep and it 's good because cellphone is very distracting especially now with all kind of fun apps like tiktok ig .
i use my phone full of intention which stops me from endlessly scrolling online and actually be productive .
but my boyfriend has been mad at me and saying all kind of things .
about how im not replying to him after 5 minutes or how i dont pick up his call because i was watching movies in the living room or when im playing piano downstairs or when i fold the laundry .
i 'm doing better at having my phone i used to put it in airplane mode but not anymore now for him but it 's still not enough because i dont always reply/i dont always pickup .
just now hes mad at me for this reason again because he got into a scary situation on the road when he 's driving .
he tried to call me after but i didnt pick up because i was in the shower for almost an hour i did all self-care thing and singing too .
i understand he 's scared that something urgent might happen and i 'll be unreachable as his emergency contact but i dont think he has any right to basically pressure me to always carry my phone .
24 hour non stop checking my phone every 5 minutes .
even hearing what he said and writing that sentence gives me anxiety .
he even said what kind of normal people dont bring their phones to shower and when i said that i just dont ... he said it doesnt make it any better .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
if any other counties want to help like we did they are free to do so .
this is the best and cleanest way to solve your query .
that may be technically true i do n't know .
what i do know having married someone from miss is if you were to ask the average citizen of from each ...
did n't know why this was related smg4 until i saw the comments lol
not great but it 's okay to have a bit here and there as a substat on otherwise good artifacts .
but there 's absolutely no reason to use an em sands altogether on xingqiu just go for an atk sands instead .
mona on the other hand can benefit from it but not in a freeze team comp .
also how are your xingqiu crits looking like right now ?
so we have odor for free next season as well ?
yeah that was my idea but i accidently wrote instead of .
check if the x or y value was 1 cause otherwise layout x y complains for negative numbers .
if x 0 or y 0 or x 79 or y 42
however i 'll look into the gamemap function i had forgotten about that !
this subreddit is for showing off the location around you .
please remember to observe our rules https www.reddit.com/r/whereintheworld/about/rules before commenting and do n't post a more specific location about where the streamer is than is in the post title this is considered doxxing .
if you want to help out our wonderful team please apply at https apply.rpan.co.uk
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whereintheworld if you have any questions or concerns .
more like engaging in group amnesia then diverting their attention to the next cause or racist footage or uproar .
nebraska and iowa does not have many locations or active groups .
that 's why i 'm trying to find people on here
messaging people off of that post i do n't think he expected to bring people together because of a photo of a wall that almost anyone local could recognize .
everyone knows i 'm more than down to do ak stuff !
i 'd just be happy that they have anything resembling it at all .
they 've repeatedly said that the megastructure was both dangerous and unfeasible given the size the event has grown to .
also not having been in 2015 i guess i 'm just find with 'toddler-sized ' as you put it .
everybody out here criticizing biden already when he is just starting to play chess
nope i 've maxed out everything and no ban for me
i do n't know the first thing about cars in scotland but i do know basic math .
if you want to finance a car for 3 years and pay 100/month you 're looking at spending less than 3,000 on a car .
i do not see that happening in any country .
with very minimal modification this is easily converted into a military grade weapon shooting real bullets an actual a special agent from the atf actually said this .
i would like to see that write up you will have to file a foia .
idk how i 'd like to die but i 'd like it to be on my birthday .
it seems like my life would be a complete circle if i died on my birthday .
you 're birthday is the best day to die .
so now they are subjecting us gamers to forced labor .
thank for your submission on r/thethiccness for all degrees of thiccness .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thethiccness if you have any questions or concerns .
been the mission has their health help people though our achieve years o
cybin cybn has filed two additional international patent applications that bring the potential to obtain patent coverage in 153 countries for each of the patent applications .
cytokinetics incorporated cytk and cure sma announce the renewal of their partnership to increase education awareness public policy and fundraising for spinal muscular atrophy .
cytokinetics will be a national gold sponsor in support of several key cure sma initiatives across the united states .
medicare advantage company alignment healthcare alhc announces the addition of caremore health to its provider network in arizona and nevada starting jan. 1 2022 pending regulatory approvals .
this agreement provides new and existing alignment health plan members access to 3,350 caremore providers expanding alignment 's care options for seniors during medicare 's annual enrollment period for 2022 which runs oct. 15 through dec. 7 2021 .
docebo dcbo will open a new office in munich germany to bolster the growing international demand for its industry-leading learning technology suite .
jowell global jwel is developing a cooperative relationship with hope bio-technology and has signed a strategic partnership agreement with its affiliate suzhou wujiang hope bio-technology .
pursuant to the agreement the parties will cooperate in research and development of new immune cell-technologies for skincare products cosmetics and health and nutritional supplements with a focus on in-depth collaboration in the cutting-edge cellular technology .
xeris pharmaceuticals xers has recently been granted three new patents relating to its formulation technology platforms .
the u.s. patent and trademark office granted u.s. patent nos .
10,987,399 and 11,020,403 to xeris and the china intellectual property office granted chinese patent no .
the us 399 patent covers storage-stable formulations of pramlintide and the us 403 patent covers storage-stable formulations of benzodiazepines both using xeris ' proprietary xerisol formulation technology .
the chinese '185.5 patent covers pre-filled syringes containing a variety of active pharmaceutical ingredients using xeris ' proprietary xeriject technology .
these patents and related patent applications that are pending in these and other patent offices around the world also cover the uses of such products in treating a variety of diseases and disorders including diabetes .
viasat vsat and telefnica global solutions tef the subsidiary of telefnica that manages the international wholesale global roaming multinationals and usa businesses announced today a partnership to increase the availability of fast reliable satellite internet service aimed at businesses across brazil .
per the agreement telefnica global solutions will be a wholesale distributor of viasat 's high-speed satellite internet services in brazil serving businesses across the entire country .
i do n't know if this is meaningful or not but i do not believe in coincidence .
at exactly 8:01 am there was an usually large pre-market order in both amc and robin hood .
hello i am a returning player who has been out of the loop for a good while ... i think the last trainer i aimed for was blue and not much seems to come to mind after that .
is there anything a returning player should be aware of ?
hey all i 'm a total noob and trying to work out which of the focus settings are best in use in certain situations .
whenever i watch people 's videos they always looks so crisp and perfectly focused whatever camera move they are doing .
but when i 've been playing around with camera movement afc seems to pull in and out of focus a lot and in afs means only a small part of the frame is focused and is lost when i move the camera .
i know this is my error not the pocket 's .
are there general rules people follow to choose between the two settings in specific situations ?
for example push shots between objects is it better to use afc or afs ?
using the toei anime and other sources this will be an attempt to create a slightly more faithful telling of yu-gi-oh that 's closer to the manga .
i 'm planning on releasing it as movies that cover up to the duelist kingdom arc .
for now this is a test run of the first episode to demonstrate how i 'll be doing it .
any suggestions or questions would be nice to have .
gemini https www.gemini.com is a respected crypto-currency exchange company based in us .
they are giving you 10 in btc when you join verify your profile and trade buy or sell minimum 100 of crypto btc eth bch ltc link dai zec bat oxt are available on their platform at the moment during your first 30 days after registration .
i will send an additional 5 via revolut verse https www.reddit.com/r/signupsforpay/comments/lhayzg/offer_verse_app_6_4_from_them_2_from_me_europe or btc via celsius https www.reddit.com/r/signupsforpay/comments/lhn9tp/offer_celsius_network_30_20_from_celsius_10_from celpay once you get the bonus .
comment bid and i will send you a message with my referral link .
register with gemini using my link verify your profile .
trade minimum of 100 of crypto on your gemini account within 30 days of opening your account .
you can buy or sell btc or eth for example .
use their active trader exchange https exchange.gemini.com forthe lowest fees only 0.35 !
then contact me and i will send the rest as promised 5 via revolut verse https www.reddit.com/r/signupsforpay/comments/lhayzg/offer_verse_app_6_4_from_them_2_from_me_europe or btc via celsius https www.reddit.com/r/signupsforpay/comments/lhn9tp/offer_celsius_network_30_20_from_celsius_10_from celpay once you get the bonus from gemini .
they offer free deposit on your crypto as well 10 free withdrawals a month !
i had a stressful dream last night in which i got blackout drunk celebrating my birthday with friends acted a mess was mean to people trashed my workplace and then ended up in tears when i realized i 'd broken sobriety .
waking up was a relief for sure but oof ... that was a doozy .
i 'm 21 years old and i 've just had some random blood tests that have shown high liver count i 'm not sure of what but she said i will need to have further blood tests and maybe an ultrasound .
i 'm healthy and i have not drank alcohol in 3 months so it ca n't be that .
axie infinity is a collectible nft game on ethereum in which users breed axie virtual creatures .
the game combines elements of pay-to-win and play-to-earn mechanics .
users can raise their axies trade them create teams with them as well as fight with other players .
axie are virtual creatures similar to pokemon that are bred by players .
each of them has distinctive features that can be expressed stronger or weaker .
at the same time the body parts of all axies look different .
these properties of axie can be represented both in pure form in the most thoroughbred virtual creatures and in mixed form .
as a result each axie is a unique set of several characteristics .
the rarer its properties are the stronger and more valuable it is .
by playing and winning axie infinity you earn slp tokens .
these tokens are valuable because they are tightly integrated into the gaming economy and breeding and are also traded on the binance and uniswap exchanges .
to date axs is an extremely popular and profitable coin for the following reasons
axie presents an engaging game where users can not only have an interesting time but also really earn money .
thanks to this more and more players are joining the process investing their funds and increasing the value of axs .
axie is one of the most popular blockchain games .
the cost of axs is growing rapidly the price has increased by more than 35,000 in less than a year .
and according to the forecasts of digital coin and economy forecast agency by the end of 2021 the price will be at least 65 .
as of august 9 2021 you can purchase axs at a price of approximately 43 .
and the market capitalization of the project is 2,671,229,365 .
the minimum cost was set at the beginning of the project launch november 2020 and was 0.1234 .
less than a month ago on july 27 2021 axs reached a record value of 53.28 .
searching for the best platform for axs exchange is quite a difficult task make sure that you have protected yourself as much as possible by following the below recommendations
compare the exchange rates of the platform to choose the really best one .
the axs token is an utility platform token of the erc-20 standard .
governance axs token holders will be able to stake tokens and participate in voting on management issues .
stacking players will be able to stake axs and receive weekly rewards .
payment players can use the axs token to make payments in the game .
yes axie is a promising and ambitious project that can move the nft games sector far .
this is a relatively affordable way to invest in the nft asset market .
the cost of axs has increased by 35,000 in just a year and according to analysts this is just the beginning .
me and my wife are going to try some mdma tomorrow .
just looking for advice on set and what ever else you guys think is good for us .
first timers got some last week it 's not a pill form but more glassy crystal like .
i 've read here you should have 1.5 x your weight in kgs .
also it cost me 350 oz dollars does that sound right ?
dude was telling me it was really pure because he had tested it..
i do n't mind about the cost so long as it helps and we have fun together .
using it to help us reconnect as its been a tough few months with work silly arguments and having relatives in the house we just have n't been as loving and open as we used to be .
i 've heard this is a great way to help !
also ive heard it 's better with weed rather than alcohol ?
would it be bad to mix all three in your opinion ?
if you missed out on safemoon bonfire shiba and feg do n't worry !
chibifeg is planning to take you to the moon.only 500 market cap now .
there is no presale contract information will not be disclosed until launch to avoid bots penetrating our system all requests to share the contract info will be ignored !
show you 're a holder and stack up your bags and every paperish dip ! .
we will setup a bunch of cms posts every day .
tell your friends about us lets get famous and known as a legit hype token .
 100 safu  10 feg rewards  3 liquidity  marketing planned  contract verified  lp locked  doxxed dev
just started trying to play rdr1 and i 'm getting a glitch soon after entering cholla springs with jake .
jack 's horse starts sinking into the ground and jake 's horse is n't even moving it 's legs just sliding along the ground .
i tried googling it but only found one result that said either the game data is corrupted or the disc is messed up .
i could be completely wrong but from the trailer it appears that loa lacks gyms trials .
the focus of the game seems to be in collecting/archiving while the red eyed pokmon might serve as the gyms where only so many appear and these are your trials .
how does the community feel about a gym-less pokmon game ?
hello everyone i bought this pc build thru amazon and i started having some issues with it .
for some reason my pc keeps restarting but only when i try to launch any game .
this is the description of the pc but i have made some changes to try and fix this myself .
 802.11ac no bloatware graphic output options include 1 x hdmi and 1 x display port guaranteed additional ports may vary usb ports including 2.0 3.0 and 3.2 gen1 ports hd audio and mic free gaming keyboard and mouse
 3 x rgb fans powered by 80 plus gold certified 650 watt power supply in win 101 matx mid-tower gaming case with tempered glass  white
i have tried 2 different psu 's and the problem continuous .
psu1 segotep 1250 w gold '' psu2 corsair rm850x '' .
i also bought a different gpu geforce rtx 2080 super and the problem still occurs .
i have uninstalled and reinstalled all the drivers my pc build is not in a closed case cover .
 royal up  stealth launch  listed on pancakeswap  liquidity locked
token  royal up  is funded solely through its own cryptocurrency a bep20 token leveraging a smart contract on the binance block chain network .
 we set out below some key points for you to consider choosing us
no dev wallet admins will also buy after launch and keep feeding the liquidity if it is necessary
 we are sick of it aswell it so we have created our own token and dedicated it to all those that have been scammed so get in early and do n't miss out !
we will make sure this token is safe and a good investment for all with great rewards to our early holders ... 
honestly only reason i 'm concerned is because vortex messed up blade and sorcery mods and now i have trust issues with mod managers .
oysters can change sex whenever they feel like it .
i am unsure when the integration occurred but according to people in my discord i am much quieter and this is consistent with my obs sound gate no opening on my regular speaking voice .
i can deal with every part of this process aside from the constant diarrhea .
i 've been passing loose stool for the past 96 hours .
it 's hard to stay hydrated i 've been drinking a ton of water to keep fluids up but jesus christ !
when do the stools start to become more regular ? ?
i am currently a rising junior and finished all of the math classes required for cs major .
thus i wanted some advice on whether to take differential equation or combinatorial theory or graph theory ?
they all count as a math minor so i was n't sure which one is more suitable .
does anyone know the torque value for a compensator nut for an 11 triglide me and a buddy are wrenching on his bike and he 's trying to save a couple bucks ... thanks in advance
for years i 've been looking for a rap song where in the middle of the song the guy pukes and laughs afterwards .
hey all doing a post about probably my favourite kink young dom tops .
age difference is the big thing here for the most part not the relative age of the top
i 'm a switch and i 'm willing to play most any gender for this and to play with most any gender for this
the other sort of content to be included and the exact scene i 'm very open on but for reference here are my likes and limits
as for scenario i do have a few possible in mind but i 'm more than happy to take suggestions or brainstorm together .
bully taking over something along the lines of an sibling or parent going to deal with their little siblings or child 's bully getting them to leave their sibling/child alone but instead ends up on their knees choking on the bullies cock and begging them to take control
parent approves parents child beings home a new partner which the parent absolutely hates they get in a row with their child 's partner telling them off and such usual protective parent .
but his mind is changed when the interest gets the parent begging for dick
defeated champion a fantasy setting here a famous adventurer takes a bounty to deal with a young brigand but despite the odds ends up defeated by the young opponent and is taken as their prize
as i said these are just some quick ideas feel free to come with your own
my kik is claws87 contact me there or on here
up today/tonight for you east coasters is a harsey with the black pvd coating .
thought i would see what the hype was about .
it 's just more knife then i need and wanted to pass it along for what i paid .
never carried grade b for second owner but it 's in amazing flawless shape and it comes with the box of course .
conus shipping only no trades please was 499 dropped to 475
i 've already been in an accident because of this and i feel like it 's only a matter of time before it happens again .
if cars are parked all along the curb of a street they completely hide cars that are in the street and you ca n't know if a car is coming until you are out in the street about to get hit by them .
a few years ago i was at a stop sign turning left and the street i was turning onto was completely lined by cars .
i could n't see anything and slowly crept into the road and by the time i had line of sight on the road a guy from the right was speeding 10 mph past the speed limit right into me .
today i was backing out of a driveway onto a street lined with parked cars and could n't see the guy speeding down the road until my car was already backed into the road in his path .
i 'm so sick of rolling the dice every time i pull onto a street that 's lined with cars .
you literally can not see oncoming traffic until you are in their path .
people just should n't be allowed to park on the side of the road .
daw sees controller and is added to external devices but no control is established .
when i engage unit only midi out '' shows activity .
usb ports work for midi at least my midi keyboard has no issue with these ports .
only other thing left to try is buying another controller but im happy with this one .
using windows 10 pro 64 bit on an asus b550 creator am4 chipset and ryzen 9 5800x .
if a game of magic enters a loop then the player continuing the loop is forced to end it if it wo n't eventually result in a win or loss .
however if a loop contains only mandatory actions then neither player can stop it then the game ends in a draw .
for no particular reason i 've been thinking about this rule recently and i wonder if it should be changed .
if two players have no deck hand and control nothing pacified platinum angels which is an awesome band name then they definitely draw .
i just personally do n't like the rule on mandatory loops .
it feels like magic 'breaks ' and no one gets to play anymore .
my idea for the new rule is if an loop contains only mandatory actions from the players and neither player is capable of ending the loop the loop will continue a number of times chosen by the player who owned the initial trigger of the loop .
then the turn ends before resolving the next trigger . ''
this way if a loop would clear the board create tokens or gain life you can still loop it you just choose a stopping point .
also if a control player somehow builds a board where the opponent ca n't do anything without causing an infinite loop then i 'll gladly give them the win by ending the opponents turn every turn .
this rule change could still lead to uncool endings where any action triggers the loop and both players just keep taking turns with nothing happening but at least now there is chance for a win .
also it does n't really solve the issue in digital where recognizing loops is super hard to program i imagine .
do you have any ideas for alternate rules on mandatory loops ?
or maybe you think this is a rule worth preserving ?
who knows the process of this ... do you simply just show them your card ?
i 've an ikea tv unit that nobody seems to want to buy .
instead of just binning it i feel we should do something with it any ideas ?
i 'll post the link of said tv unit .
este contenido lo publiqu en este tema https www.reddit.com/r/merval/comments/k8b56a/mejor_wallet_para_bitcoin/gf0d31h y lo he ido editando agregando consultas generales para darle ms valor e inmortalizar mis respuestas en un mismo lugar .
24 hours from right now i will personally send 100 trillion muskydoge minus tax to the best muskydoge meme or gif .
you do n't have to hold or buy muskydoge just have fun and get creative .
you can sell or hodl your winnings either way ... .
i 'll buy em back tomorrow so tell a buddy tell a friend .
today i had my first practice run and tomorrow the turkish windsurfing championship starts .
but i never got the hang of starting since i never practiced it and today was the only time i kinda did but also did n't since it was chaotic .
what is the perfect strategy to have a good start .
1 wait in the waterstart position enough distance for me to speedup .
could be risky since if there is low wind for 10-20 seconds it could mess me up
3 just jibe around turn around try to get my spot ready
4 idk tbh tomorrow is my first championship slalom race and i 'm honestly scared .
title sounds epic but do those words describe your mood swings ?
a week ago i was ready to up and quit my job school dating because it 's pointless .
then today i felt insanely grateful for the opportunities i 've been given .
i sort of flip it in my mind and then i feel happy again .
the downward spiral when i list out in my head why everyone hates or why failure is imminent ... not so much .
i 'm still seeking a second opinion on my bipolar it 's just hard with the pandemic .
it is to my understanding that for lsac you do n't have to include a separate study abroad transcript if you were abroad for less than a year .
i also believe that since the grades from the abroad program show up on my undergraduate transcript then i also would n't have to submit a separate transcript .
however i know that some individual schools do ask for it .
is there a list of schools that actually want to see the study abroad transcript ?
the only one i have seen talked about on here that does is stanford .
i just want to make sure i am covering all my bases here .
i looked at the websites of some of the schools i am interested in applying and it 's very vague on their website as it pretty much just says submit transcripts and nothing further .
anyone with a list of schools that ask for this would be great .
if i 'm trying to sleep with my sister should i try and just accidentally send her a dick pic and see
anyone know a battery that will fit this bike ?
i live in the uk just to give a geometric standing .
so we all show up and bitch about our days but we 're doing it on a beach as our fursonas with free and limitless alcohol and lots of fucking .
we 've got a few more spots open for participants and viewers alike .
get your flirt on and drag them back to your room if you prefer .
this group has one rule and that 's do n't be an asshole or else i will ban you .
if what i 'm doing is bullshit call me out on it .
it 's a private group so you 're free to send your ref as soon as you arrive .
all you have to do to enter is contact me and explicitly say you want to join the group just to avoid confusion .
my kik is victorianeedle and i 'll be here most of the day .
baylinkov is our admin for people on the australian side of the world so give him a try if it 's your timezone .
which scene/s does ashes on the fire play during ?
what 's your favourite add on or use with your po ?
my ex partner easily always told me they would n't care because they knew i would never actually do anything like that to them .
just like trisha is saying she would be fine with ethan having gabbie because he already told her he would never do that .
it 's easy to say you 'd be okay with something when you know you 'd never actually end up in a situation to prove it .
i know they are recommending the booster after eight months of full vaccination ... but does it have to be the same shot that was originally received ?
i received my second shot of moderna in april just curious if i have to get a moderna booster or if it can be pfizer .
introduced in 2021 the moonlift protocol is a passive income creation mechanism offering a one-stop shop for income creation and maximization .
fridge repairs in brisbane northside https arriveontimebrisbane.com.au/liebherr-fridge-repair-brisbane is found with arrive on time brisbane .
if you are facing difficulties with the operations of the fridge get in touch with the team of professionals .
over the course of a few phone calls i decided to buy some life insurance from a representative at my local bank .
on the last of those calls she tells me that in the forthcoming paperwork there will be an application for a shell account that is somehow necessary to buy life insurance .
this did n't make sense to me but i accepted that i do n't know squat about life insurance and maybe this is normal .
when i get the actual paperwork i see embedded in the life insurance material an application for a brokerage account .
is there any legitimate reason to open a brokerage account for life insurance ?
i have been trying to find one for months .
i only see some compatible with windows 10/8 or with windows7 64 bit .
so does anyone know any workout interval timer compatible with windows7 32 bit ?
managing sail steering bailing and shooting at the same time is hard enough .
but if you get one balled it 's pretty much over .
it takes the same time to respawn as if you die on a 4 man galleon .
i think respawning as a solo player should be slightly faster .
just so you can get the chance to save the ship
hey get 1500 azum tokens and spread great technology .
i have n't touched any squad modes till the ratchet and clank events dropped since i have no friends now who play fall guys
those i was fine with doing it with randoms since it only required one win you had a week to complete it
but glizzy gang is only two days apparently you 'll need two squad show wins idk for sure ? ?
sweats will be out in full force so if anyone need an extra member i 'm one with 258 solid wins under my belt as a point of reference a ps4/ps5 user
yeah i know we can just wait for it when it comes back but let 's be real ... everyone is gon na want it the 1st time
looking to get a laptop for uni i think i 've settled on this one .
it 's not pretty but it 's built like a tank and can eventually have a new gpu tossed in if i so desire up to a 980 i believe .
is this an alright deal or should i get one elsewhere ?
prepare to experience your favorite bad guys in a completely new light with the release of renowned artist dosbrak 's newest collection screen icons .
artworks will be available for purchase on 08/19 at 3:30 pm pst exclusively on makersplace .
24-hour auction will begin once the reserve price has been met .
24-hour auction will begin once the reserve price has been met .
wolf of wall street https makersplace.us19.list-manage.com/track/click ? u=9ed8972eb2484a498d7d217b7 id=06633054a1 e=329f878daf
view the drop preview https makersplace.us19.list-manage.com/track/click ? u=9ed8972eb2484a498d7d217b7 id=df3dc6b7e5 e=329f878daf
not sure if i struggle with dysmorphia but i feel like i need to cut a bit more to get to 10 .
i want to preface this with the fact that i tend to often speak without taking into account people 's ideologies sensitivities or boundaries into account .
i have often half-joked i might be partially asperger-y though by wife disagrees and thinks i 'm just oblivious or aloof .
i tend to get myself in trouble during casual moments when my guard is down .
sometimes in the course of a conversation with family members or people a topic will arise due to a movie tv show or conversation .
everyone will discuss the topic in a friendly or interested manner .
eventually i 'll make a comment that is meant to be a statement of fact but might have adverse connotations associated with it .
it often leads to weird looks mocking or judgements from others .
someone might says they should be sent to jail for doing xyz ! ''
and i might respond depending on the state/country xyz might not be illegal there . ''
or i ca n't believe anyone could do xyz and think it 's normal '' and i 'll respond this is very common behavior in that area .
even the u.s. did something similar until ... '' now i 'm dealing with angry looks ...
i 'm just trying to make a statement of fact but people take it as accepting or endorsing bad behavior or ideologies .
i just wanted to continue the conversation but my dumb mouth gets me into trouble by not taking the room 's atmosphere into account .
i nearly posted real world examples but realized i might be making the same mistake and did n't want to deal with angry redditors .
hi guys just wondering if there is any xbox players that wanted to squad up ?
as i 'm gunna be online grinding black panther so just let me know
hey repfam i recently meet a new seller in guangzhou .
i talked to him on whatsapp and he told me that he have submariner 126610ln from ar factory .
the fact is that i 'm new in this sub 1 months and i do n't know where to see if it 's really ar factory or not and moreover i do n't know if it 's a good price or not .
i do n't know if it worth the price or not .
16 and he causeth all both small and great rich and poor free and bond to receive a mark in their right hand or in their foreheads
17 and that no man might buy or sell save he that had the mark or the name of the beast or the number of his name .
let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast for it is the number of a man and his number is six hundred threescore and six .
i think most people have a general grasp that the number of hairs on someone 's head average is around 150k is a lot less than the population of london .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/linkiscute/comments/p6p9cx/come_to_papa 32 32
binge and purge live album or san francisco orchestra collaboration album .
but fleet gets 100 on champions no matter what .
specifically because of the change from scott to travis or because of the style change that coincided at that time ?
i have no idea what you 're talking about and what is the danut be channel ?
it 's from the injection molding and did n't get cut out .
i was thinking their blueberry muffin hemp strain lol .
i think it 's left up to the pilot to interpret but it likely includes curse words .
ca n't say i understand entanglement well but i think you 're right there has to be a connection in the beginning .
telepathy as entanglement is an idea that totally makes sense to me for some reason .
like we 're entangled once we connect on some kind of level so then future communication can take place .
maybe there 's a way to establish this connection and the article seems to say we 've started wrapping our heads around that idea .
to the poster if you 've submitted an image of food add a top level comment to explain why it is healthy or how it helps your dietary goals and provide a list of ingredients or a recipe .
to all participants a couple of reminders before you join in
nutrition is not solved science and diet approaches are often based on individual needs and circumstances .
this sub caters to all approaches to what is deemed healthy '' and each has the opportunity to share info within the rules .
you do not have to agree but educate your pov rather than berate others for theirs
per our reddiquette rule no insults trolling or other antagonistic behaviors towards anyone in this sub even when others break the rule .
activism crusading agitation trolling food diet shaming food ethics morals and absolutism are not allowed .
camping in wait to bash others with your beliefs will result in a ban .
do not add comments calling food disgusting gross or any other non-constructive criticism .
do not claim foods as non-healthy without citing studies with links .
again people come in varieties so avoid absolutist claims .
do not expect posts of food to be perfectly healthy recipe improvement posts are allowed help them continue to improve rather than criticize .
do n't generalize others or even the subreddit itself if you do n't get the votes you want or if others disagree with you and certainly do n't attack anyone for it .
sometimes we get more of one pov than another but the waves come and go .
do n't make assumptions about ingredients portions or the poster 's diet needs
if things get ugly counter with science never insults .
rule reminder update this sub is not for general diet analysis posts especially for minors or posts related to medical concerns .
report it rather than offer advice if a post like that does get through
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/healthyfood if you have any questions or concerns .
this post has garnered attention from r/subredditdrama and also a particular tweet https twitter.com/johndiesattheen/status/1428025518914408461 .
i 'm going to go ahead and point to the new stickied thread https www.reddit.com/r/witchcraft/comments/p70omo/mod_post_rwitchcraft_calls_to_arms_mass_workings and state that calls to arms for mass workings especially of this nature do not represent the official stance of the moderators and therefore the board as a whole .
there are over 250,000 subscribers to this subreddit and not all of us share the same beliefs or the same outlook as others .
also this subreddit had nothing to do with covid .
in fact i 've railed against people asking for medical advice since it became known to the public .
because witchcraft is not a substitute for medical assistance .
with all of that being said the thread is now locked to prevent further dumpster fires .
the thread will stay up because it fits perfectly within the board 's rules .
i dont understand how they dont know this is impossible
it absolutely could however minor especially if kids are around .
her behavior makes me think of those entitled arrogant people who are loud and obnoxious absolutely possible to be a negative experience
i think the release schedule seems to be alternating between new and returning characters with them saying we 're getting 3 new and 2 returning overall in season pass 1 .
so we had new goldlewis returning jack-o if what i 've said is the case then the next character will likely be happy chaos or asuka .
i reckon they 'll leave a character with as much history as asuka for the final slot therefore my money is on happy chaos .
my father 21 at4 2500 has factory power steps he bought the truck off the trailer it never saw the lot to have aftermarket steps installed plus he works at the dealer he bought it from as for the def tank its built in to the diesel tank under the bed there is no longer that ugly tumor that haunted the 11-19 trucks
ngl this is where i 'd catch a case because i 'd follow this motherfucker to their destination and either get killed or fucking wreck this person .
the only two cases i 've gotten road rage were situations like this where my actual life was at risk on the road .
he could have just reduced fertility rates to control the population
i hope the whole only-having-one-sexual-partner thing works out for you man .
7 months so right around now you 're both finding out what you 're into and whether or not you 're compatible .
well ... questions of compatibility might not happen for a while yet now that i think of it .
if you do 1 and 2 you are not real
i live right next to one of their stores in va and this place is always packed like every day and its just medical
raiders of the lost ark timeless adventure movie star wars 4-6 classic story telling maybe ten commandments and spartacus just amazing production and cinematography
i live right in the middle of california and am going to the san fran show with my brother but also am seeing my chemical romance in la next year by myself .
both can take up to 4ish hours to get there depending on traffic
idk she likes those sorts of things so you 're probably right
ps5 is easily gon na sell 115million units like sony usually do .
i 've heard a lot of good stuff about that book so i think i 'll add it to my favorites !
i 'll try 3.5k i 'm tracking protein and fats but other than that i 'm just eating as clean and as much as i can .
love how your butt looks just like heart-shaped plug same shape and all .
i would have loved to pick the basket though .
but glad seasonals have something nice to choose from .
the only other times i 've dealt with copy cat entities like this have been the moments where i 've heard someone i know call me and it turned out they never called for me in the first place .
as for the sleep paralysis thing i 've only had it a couple times in my life .
i had an old box tv in a wooden entertainment stand and the top was lined with rows of stuffed animals .
i woke up in the middle of the night in my moonlit room to find them all staring at me .
i had watched them turn their heads and from that moment on i started sleeping with more light in my room and my covers over my head .
the most recent sleep paralysis i had was like a month back ?
i had opened my eyes and looked into my closet to see a creature with a sort of fluffy body medium length ears and short clawed paws .
it was more like a silhouette or a shadow .
it had no facial features but it reminded me of a gremlin from the movies or a character from drawn to life .
every house that i have lived in just about i have dealt with strange happenings .
not even my sister who had once told me about the experiences that we shared .
it 's like everything that she remembers has been erased .
am marianne cause i was male byleth and couldnt s support dimitri
ss sylvain cus i like him xd also got into this route by accident cus i didnt know how to unlock cf so i didnt have any supports with seteth and it was too late to start the chain so yeah xd a total mess v
cf edelgard cause i was super hyped to know her as much as possible after 3 routes fighting against her and people here saying she was the best lord xd
so what if vaccinated people can spread the virus ?
i know there are one off serious or fatal cases but what is the data that they are more at risk than the typical flu ?
my hope is the vaccine is available for them soon but i do n't think that will stem the proliferation across the globe .
and with the virus rolling around the world with billions of opportunities for mutation i do n't see things getting better if my anti-vax father in law suddenly starts wearing a mask .
i think the area we disagree is the perception that 'all you need to do is wear a mask on your face to prevent ... ' .
that has n't been shown to be true and portrays that we can get control of a global virus through mask compliance .
well i 'll bet you wo n't fuck me .
its basically the same maintenance as a regular vacuum cleaner .
i have one that is specifically designed for dog fur .
the big thing for me the vibrations on my hand when i use that stand up vacuum really sets off arthritis .
this is an automated reminder that is posted on every submission .
town or county age gender must be in your subject line if missing take your post down and fix it .
discussion about buying selling or exchanging money/goods/services for money/goods/services is prohibited .
we have a zero-tolerance policy for talking about drugs of any kind .
mdash our 18 but wholesome room to find friends hobbies events board game teams etc .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/njr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
in most cases yes absolutely lmao but im a 28 year old orphan who is pimpin out his rich family friends i go out atleast twice a month lol
he 'll at least be good enough for exploration .
zelda and mario took the leap so that gives me hope that maybe pokemon can too
just quit door dash it 's complete shit and their abusing you
if one of my friends does not follow this rule i end up kicking 2 balls atleast by the end of the day
why do n't you just google ss real name in that article with kingdom of hell ?
you can click on any of the first 5 results that come up all of them are public business records .
also if you think that 's a coincidence why would lv use ss footage in regoregitated sacrifice and in the trailer ?
if that 's also just a coincidence why does ss affiliate scheme sweetmoney '' and lv 's affiliate ponzi scheme hellcash '' have the same text content on their old websites you can use wayback machine to check ?
both of them even had an affiliate manager called max max sweet max hell and again the same business address on their contact pages .
if that 's also a coincidence according one of the reddit users why does hank skinny have steve sweet under his bio ?
yes ... all fantasy is trash because hard working '' is n't involved as decreed by rando reddit guy 3201284975812830 .
lizzo has such a great personality i only wish the best for her
eh i spent the first 22 years of my life pretending to be a dude irl and still have to pretend around my coworkers .
i 'll put up with whatever misogyny comes my way as long as i can be myself .
i was without wifi for a couple days so i went from like 30k to 1.2 mil
i wore a bathory shirt to walmart and a boy who could n't have been but about 15 approached me after seeing the pentagram on the back and began asking me if i 've found the lord and blah blah blah .
after telling him respectfully i was n't interested in talking to him or hearing what he had to say he followed me around for 20 minutes harassing me and preaching .
i told him i respected that he had the balls to approach someone like that but to be careful because if i were anyone else he would 've got his jaw rocked .
info how on earth do you plan to enforce this ?
if we do n't clear upwards in order to close/liquidate all the shorts the bears will make a big move upcoming .
they 're just waiting for longs to accumulate so they can use the liquidations to push downwards .
an upward move would take away the incentive to push down since all the shorts would close .
in the uk virtually everyone is uncut so i just think ... how am i going to handle his differently ...
i appreciate that he is forward thinking but you could n't pay me to wear mavs gear haha
edit i 'm getting my last abvd dose next week .
om en fredrar netflix ver svtplay s fr du nog inte ut ett skvatt frn de skattepengarna nej .
men svt gr och kper in vldigt mycket bra program och tycker faktiskt att den delen som jag personligen betalar in av mina pengar r vrt det med tanke p hur mycket skit det finns p det privata utbudet som jag betalar mer fr rligen .
chris for shits and giggles could you possibly do a log chart projection of 3 months ?
my really naive reading of it is that nsw would hit 600,000 cases a day in 10 doublings except for limiting factors like running out of population to spread to and it might help show people the power of exponentials when given just a few more steps .
oh damn i guess that 100-300mm makes the distance seem pretty short compared to the 12-40 i used .
it 's like that but with high school instead of high fantasy 
love the use of 'light and darkness ' from yakuza like a dragon ! !
nah dawg they have traveling/sleep in lot lizzie 's .
i do n't wish financial loss to any robinhood investors ... umm people who have their money on the site i should say .
i was going to make an entire post echoing this exact statement .
make sure to post your link as a comment in your post so people know where to find you .
if you are looking for more subreddits to join we welcome you to check out our onlyfans101 network which include the following subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotion if you have any questions or concerns .
i know it took my pup a bit to get the bells because she seemed scared of the sound at first but eventually she got it .
i also found it helped to say ring '' when i would get her to practice ringing the bell so when she was sniffing around the door by herself and looking at me to let her out i 'd say ring '' and she 'd be like oh yeah i need to ring it and then i 'd let her out .
salt and garlic powder with rosemary and butter in the pan and i did n't feel like using another plate so i used the one i rested the steak in
you know your username seems to be apt for you !
i 'm sorry you had to go through that you handled it pretty well it seems you are strong .
i also hope your dad mended his ways for real .
how drake is doo doo compared to ye he only maked radio music
 people are taking stock market as money making machine .
i 'd say modern persona games are on more teenager/young adult side of shonen
if a stock falls did you ever have the money in the first place ?
very naughty but you are looking very hot and sexy 
we hope you find what you 're looking for and choose r/find again !
to the commenters make sure that your comment is relevant to this post and that it 's actually helpful .
no self promotion full descriptions for these rules can be found at the about tab .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/find if you have any questions or concerns .
i should mention that it does n't hurt to consult with an estate attorney prior to selling your shares .
many will have a discussion at no cost and it gives you options while you 're the least excited .
also sometimes you must establish a trust before selling shares since the shares need to be sold within the trust .
i plan to set this up with my attorney during the squeeze as that will take 2 days at minimum .
idk i ca n't tell which was saying it .
however still got into a fight that was a sure loss .
call your boys and get them later or something .
kinda felt for the guy he was getting railed so badly !
you have until 08/20 01:11 am est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20210820t051159 .
it 's 3rd and 6 on the lehigh 41 .
u/kingyoshi2 reply with run or pass and your number .
play list https www.reddit.com/r/fakecollegefootball/wiki/refbot datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' p730ws ''
i think the difference is that zizaran is like this in his streams as well .
sure he 'll have his opinions about the game and they 're going to be different from the vast majority of the people who play this game .
but even in his streams he does a very good job of acknowledging the validity of viewer opinions that he does n't agree with personally .
overall zizaran does an amazing job of making sure his community can have meaningful discussions about the game without it devolving .
i 'll have to make a build later when i 'm not tired/busy .
is it alright if i write up my own balanced teammates instead of the listed ones ?
such as star and hekapoo instead of donald and goofy ?
hahaha wait she 's wearing a pair of frames under the cyberpunk glasses ?
alright people here are going to say oooohhhh your phone is listening to youuu '' but realistically that is n't the case at all .
what this is is a case of a series of highly intelligent algorithms that are utilizing data pools created by social media platforms search aggregators data brokers and others about you and making a correct prediction about the products that you will be interested in and because you 've been talking about them frequently in recent time you 'll be more perceptive to an ad for them as they 're fresh in your mind .
i hope this helped have an amazing rest of your day !
too bad they declared karen traviss novels non canon .
rantaro be the worst at driving i mean he ! literally hate cars ! ! he only uses boats so ya !
either the time i tried to run a oneshot for some friends and they decided to assault the person giving them the quest the time the dm 's partner got really mad at him for railroading having a plot setup or the first time i played which was in a group of about 15 people who would n't shut up and nobody could hear the dm explain the rules .
there will always be games that are n't made to be played at 60 fps .
this is such a lame argument at this point .
do i demand it in order to be able to enjoy a game ?
the thing is jerry owned up to it in the end that makes him far better then rick or the alien .
i do n't really like ao3 i think it 's confusing as compared to ff.net .
someone give angerer a raise for how great our keepers are ! !
no one here is claiming he had absolutely no part in this story whatsoever .
i 'd be more worried about the adenovirus vaccines except i know they tested those too and i trust clinical trials .
there 's already such overwhelming evidence of no harm i have no idea how these supposed free thinkers and patriots are so terrified of a shot .
it gives me no solace to know that thousands of them will die choking on their own lung fluids finally realizing what idiots they are .
it makes me even more sad for the ones that were lucky and will continue to pass this back and forth until we get an even worse variant .
mais il faut avoir du temps un cadre se forcer  le faire bien .
gon na say something kinda fucked up.. but meh human meat is still meat and while i am not advocating for cannibalism it does n't make sense to me why the bodies are n't used for say like fish food or something .
like seriously put the ick factor aside for a second over 150,000 people die per day lets say an average of 100 lbs of useable meat grind that with a bit of bone/skin/fat and feed it to fish and you have over 15 million pounds of meat wasted daily .
did you try to refer them to a psychologist instead ?
you 're either getting a blow-job or your car blown up .
the 3 kinslayings though are pretty significant historical events within the lore though .
most of the training they receive is in pakistan .
china is backing pakistan because they want access to the minerals .
russia is helping because they want to see afghanistan in permanent war for them kicking russia out plus it humiliates the us .
you 're also just pushing hot air into the garage .
the ac should be in the tent and the hose preferably insulated should be piped out of your garage ie and exhaust .
if you 're trying to be stealth be careful where you put the exhaust etc .
if not just use a window and some plywood and insulation and exhaust through that .
i do n't grow tomatoes anymore indoors but i use to and this whole set up is wrong .
ok ... i 'll give it my best re advice in the a.m. new player great start
yes there are 8 decks each with 5 variations i think i did n't check every deck for variations .
after completing the story you can change the deck variation in the pause menu .
married couple here if you wan na play with both of us dm 
i think they figured out that they have been influenced and manipulated and they didnt like it .
every ace combat squad is their own kind of badass but they stick out for how much shit they had to go through and still come out as heroes of an unsung war .
why does the game needs to be so gated with the contents ?
we already have huge rng gates like aul and oshabi now you want the end game also be gated behind those top builds .
why is it so wrong to let average builds to kite a guardian for 2 minutes ?
not tell them to fuck off from red maps .
this is like telling you you need to farm a8-a10 for until 3 exalts drops before you can do maps .
sure the orks and necrons get some love but half of the in-game factions are just ...
here is a picture of the i am not kim jong un but ... '' fan .
https cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/419936985868793937/562237278909078576/kim 20jong 20un 20i 20am 20not 20kim 20jong 20un_i.jpg
without a guru it is not advisable to take up any kind of devi sadhana .
you can visit devi mandir fast during navaratri and visit different shaktipeeth and sidhapeeth in the country .
durga saptashati is the primary text it has to be recited especially during navaratri .
order on panera 's website and watch them skim the tip from the driver and keep some for god knows who .
i did n't have a working oven for 8 months because the home warranty people would n't agree to pay for the parts to fix it then lie to my face saying they did give the repair guys the approval .
i got the home warranty company to cut me a check for the cost of fixing the oven which i then spent on a new oven .
they were waiting trying to wait out the contract so they would n't have to fix my oven .
the only reason i even got that check at the end was because i finally had enough and karened my way through the entire call center spoke to every manager and made every threat and recorded all my calls .
no one should have to stoop to karening in order to get something done .
unfortunately your post was removed as it is in violation of the following rule
rule 5 posts and comments that are deemed overly toxic towards users players members of wargaming staff ethnic or national groups will be removed and the poster will be banned without warning .
if you have a question about this please contact the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fworldofwarships subject message .
do not reply to this comment as they are not always read .
and as basically all exercise equipment it 's hopelessly optimistic .
the one in the centre looks like the group leader in this video .
i too enjoy low life games without ai repetitive gameplay and too few story quests .
my family and a friend went into a small funhouse but on the inside it was a massive super high building with floating platforms .
people started disappearing until it was just my sister and i .
then we split up because we couldnt agree on where to go .
i sat on some grass and watched bowsers castle go up in flames .
perhaps the weirdest part is that i feel like im going to cry whenever i think about this dream .
if so on which site can i read it ?
counter-roping someone then winning the game feels very satisfying .
there is no official seal so it 's bogus .
if it was real it would be signed and stamped by your local or state representative .
the powerball numbers from a few years ago when it got over 1 billion dollars .
we are imo iran was better as a western puppet than as a theocracy .
but it 's also important to acknowledge that the revolution could have went different khomeini lead the revolution with speeches about equality and democracy not theocracy and authoritarianism .
make sure to post your link as a comment in your post so people know where to find you .
if you are looking for more subreddits to join we welcome you to check out our onlyfans101 network which include the following subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/promoteonlyfans if you have any questions or concerns .
ours is turning 14 this year and folks always ask if she 's a puppy .
thought both worked as a decent narrative ending but i prefer max saving chloe .
beyond getting really attached to the characters liking the relationship as written and seeing it as the right '' decision based on my experiences and choices in the game i like the symmetry with the opening chapter they begin a new stage in life at that cliff with max letting chloe in on her secret in the first chapter with the ending having another stage begin where max choosing chloe cements their intentions to stay together both with the same song playing in the background .
also liked seeing chloe who 'd spent most of the game being emotionally supported by max reciprocating when max is the one who 's in distress and barely holding together .
kind of a low-key way to show how the character matured over the course of the game .
also factoring in the prequel i think it makes for a better conclusion to chloe 's story the running idea was that she and rachel had been planning to skip town since nearly the beginning and even if her partner is n't who she 'd imagined at the time she does get her chance to start a new life .
while her being willing to die for the town and actually carrying it out is a fair arc for her in and of itself it kinda feels like it made a lot of the character stuff all for nothing '' somehow imho .
make sure to post your link as a comment in your post so people know where to find you .
if you are looking for more subreddits to join we welcome you to check out our onlyfans101 network which include the following subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans_promo if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've only dmed twice but my friends and i had a blast .
i tried my best not to worry about every little detail and to just roll with the punches .
the rule is 70 of the party room needs to vote him out .
meanwhile only 50 of the party room is needed to abolish that rule .
so if 50 want him gone they can remove him
this is church my brother used to be a big ladies ' man back in the day i can always remember him saying how he always met girls when he was n't trying/looked like trash compared to wearing one of his few hundred dollar dress shirts/trying to impress .
yeah i saw on twitter we can tip as well .
i do n't think you need copyright ownership permission to use a piece of art on a fan run forum
edit another commenter has clarified this is may not be the case
if he was n't a sensor then he found a way to do the things sensors do without being a sensor himself .
or he 'd be dead before reaching the position .
sensoring does n't at all imply preternatural reaction speed canonically associated with the sharingan and broken power ceilings .
it 's possible the next weapon banner could have wgs !
i was sad at first getting it bc i was rolling for homa lol
and yeah with my circlet having a whopping 21 attack along with my r0 wgs my beidou has 2800 attack at lvl 85 
i figured the high attack could help offset the lack of consistent crits for now
so hot i would love to be stroking inside of her
not to mention emotional intelligence is more useful in the real world .
you can be smart but the greatest power in the world imo is getting people to do what you want without them knowing it asking them to .
a quick 20 minute call with a burner number should n't be hard for him .
i 'm saying that ever since i got hf my involuntary kegels while erect have become more compared to before .
ist das ein test wer in statistik aufgepasst hat ?
i know where i am from things are bad .
but it is mind baffling that political leaders would go as far as banning the masks ? !
use small hooks and cut the line immediately if it 's deep also try barb less hooks if you use anything below a size 6 chances are the hook will rust and the eel will be fine after a few days
i 'm sorry but she just ca n't be attractive and say this just no shot
oh i would love to see him make a video about one of them .
for sure one of the quirk haven '' cars .
screenshots were out the whole time but now that public opinion is shifting people are trying to weasel their way out of it .
if the same evidence was out there but there was no public pushback on these false allegations guaranfuckingteed that mouthy would n't say oh sorry i jumped the gun
islam christianity and judaism are religions but many of the narratives told within these traditions are myths .
as extra mythology puts it myths are not stories that are untrue rather they are tales that do n't fit neatly into the historical record which serve as a foundation to a culture '' .
abrahamic stories serve as foundations to many cultures and so can be understood as myths .
those are unique in that they transit iranian airspace they 've been running that plane back and forth for a few days .
the book straight up describe modulars as being totally unique per collective .
i tried my best to keep them out of my moestuin with all i had but it was a lost battle .
my fragments from uabat is on the way i am very fond of my dealings with uabat they are on the expensive side but their shit sticks and lives up to my requirements
personally i would n't go as far as insulting op but this is a joke he/she is just being sensitive .
either that or im just desensitized to things like this .
linc is adorable he 's going to be such a cool dude !
im wracking my brain but do n't remember any song called rainbow 
yet the traits the anime puts emphasis on is not changing his need for molesting small children .
it takes visual joy in showing him fondling her underaged body and playing slapstick music on top of it .
i guess i know how lower class trash '' comment on reddit now
it says 200 watts but it 's really not that much .
you need to compare rms power not just the max watts .
ya it 's probably better to get something more powerful .
if you set the gain properly it will only put out as many watts as the speakers needs .
look for the manual to figure out how to wire it .
imagine using a c6 r5 character as an guideline of what they consider not trash .
do you just have it tied to one support and did you prune it to one vine ?
i have some sungold seeds that i 'm going to grow next year along with a few other varieties .
i have two trellises and was planning to put the rest in cages so i was thinking of putting my cherries sungolds and super sweet 100s on the trellises because i know they can be prolific and i think they would benefit the most from it .
if you are paying out of pocket check out psychologytoday to find a provider you are comfortable with .
most offer no-cost phone consultations that explain their approach .
i hate that simple it makes my sick wan na cover my eye
if you are cringe then let yourself be lol .
i watch this person sora the troll '' on yt and he is the definition of cringe .
he accepted the fact that he does so many cringey stuff he keeps doing that and his channel is booming hahaha
make sure to post your link as a comment in your post so people know where to find you .
if you are looking for more subreddits to join we welcome you to check out our onlyfans101 network which include the following subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansfashionistas if you have any questions or concerns .
if 6 is 100 300 would be ? ... correct 18 .
while 18 is indeed 300 of 6 the word increase '' means we 're not asking what 18 divided by 6 is we 're asking only about the size of the difference between the new amount and the old amount .
that increase 18 minus 6 is 12 which is twice 6 so 18 is a 200 increase from 6 .
going from 6 to 6 would be a 0 increase .
the headline said 300 increase '' when it would have been correct to say 200 increase '' or tripled '' .
running out of space in me and my dad 's one bedroom apartment for more .
i 'm honestly really impressed that this sub is able to tolerate discourse like this and i love it !
a lot of group specific subs are n't made for criticism or in depth discussion so i really appreciate the presence of this post .
i was also not a fan of low low .
i think it was the chorus that ended up getting too repetitive at some point .
i wish they 'd made each chorus a bit different from the last so you feel like coming back to the songs multiple times .
i also wish they 'd add some more bass or just ... something else to the chorus it feels like it 's missing something in terms of production .
i really did expect y2 to rap more instead of sing .
but at the same time this is just a starting point for their subunit work so i 'm excited to see where they 'll go from here .
some products say only 1 or 2 left in stock so i 'm worried they wo n't be available when i go to order .
how often do they restock or where can i find alternatives ?
you used the item 'hammer of kneecapping ' and did 3 extra sinful damage .
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
talk to someone you trust at a client to see if you have any chance and to see if you are interested .
if you are then talk to your partner and go from there .
both obesity in general and in relation to covid .
but if we are honesty looking to reduce the severity of covid this narrative of big is beautiful and not fat just curved is just as much to blame for the covid death count as is anti vaccine .
while both are contributing factors that does not mean they 're equal factors .
more importantly obesity affects personal risk whereas vaccination affects others .
people are reasonably more worried about choices that can affect others .
yo i ca n't tell you how many times i 've tried to get into resident evil 4 to no avail .
i never played the game growing up and the controls just do n't do it for me in this day and age .
like not being able to some and move simultaneously is absurd .
i recognize the nostalgic appeal to a lot of people and am not trying to say it 's a bad game i just do n't think the controls age well .
thanks for being a voice of reason and clarifying this executive order because op is clearly confused and has got a lot of people panicking for no reason .
i do n't think luffy is the type to sit for hours telling someone their story
most venues have gone to vaccination or negative test requirements .
i think if they were going to cancel or postpone the tour they would have done it already .
you see the fandom is so traumatized about all the deaths that now we joined camila and her quest to make it as painful as possible to all viewers .
if you ca n't beat them join them . ''
i drink the nerds like mad eye moody drinks with a flask
the other answers so far have focused on technical challenges but i think the real reason comes down to user experience .
in an emergency there 's a comfort factor to the routine of having a doctor that picks up tools and uses them in the same way that a human doctor would .
the goal of the project is to replicate and replace human doctor and having him just walk up and look at you and not assess and treat you in the way an actual human doctor would just does n't make sense to me .
it would be odd and add to tension in a moment when stability and familiarity are necessary to inspire confidence and calm the patient .
in a situation where the ship 's doctor is already incapacitated or dead i think i would be freaked out if a holographic emergency tool diagnosed me without visibly consulting anything and then transformed his hand into a surgical tool to begin treatment note i know what would actually probably happen under that scenario is that the hologram would expand to simulate a laser scalpel or a hypospray as held in a human hand ... but i ca n't get a frankensteiny edward scissorhands scenario out of my head .
on a technical note separate tools reduces the odds of an already complicated system failure in ways that could harm the patients .
it already has to be a human level diagnostic and strategic tool .
it does n't need to be a hypospray or laser scalpel or a tricorder on top of that .
and what if it fails or glitches mid procedure ?
far better than he accidentally drops the tool than that the tool decompiles is some weird way .
if those laws are deemed unconstitutional by the supreme court they are thrown out .
it 's from walmart by mossy oak and i got it a few years ago and it 's plastic or something .
make sure that you take a look at our rules https www.reddit.com/r/assassinscreedvalhala/wiki/rules before posting or commenting !
report and downvote posts and comments that break our rules .
most importantly make sure to mark every comment with spoilers as such https www.reddit.com/r/assassinscreedvalhala/wiki/spoilers .
and for every post that contains a spoiler start the post 's title with spoiler and do not spoil anything in the title .
have fun and consider joining our discord server https discord.gg/nmpnzpm !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/assassinscreedvalhala if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't read everyone 's bio at first .
sometimes you just see a semi attractive person and swipe right .
the most important part of walkers game that has developed is that he does n't make basic errors anymore .
if you watch him in previous years he 's always had this amazing skills but he was good for a dropped ball off a line break or just a basic error .
he now seems to be concentrating more and icing every chance he gets .
realistically should be captain rex or engineer as they are the actual slowest characters since they lack any movement ability
that sounds like the oil field mentality to me .
i did some delivery driving for drilling operations for a while and i basically lived in my truck .
the roughnecks work like that the roustabouts even lots of the field engineers .
long drives to location long hours on location long drives back to a man camp.. wash rinse repeat .
a field engineer friend of mine developed such a messed up sleep cycle that he started behaving like a narcoleptic .
they assigned a grunt to drive him around so he could nap in the truck .
that nonsense seemed normal to me because i was raised out in that country .
finishing my engineering degree and leaving is probably why i 'm not dead of a heart attack or a vehicle accident in the middle nowhere .
i guess the point of this is that it does n't matter if you love or hate your job working crazy schedules with tons of stress shortens your life so if you like yourself do something else .
dude should just say ok i wo n't wear it was it worth it ?
he probably came off normal like this guy did but now we all know who he really is .
because she 's clearly stated she 's not comfortable with people posting anything nsfw about this but this subreddit exists .
he was talking a mile a minute while chewing it def had some of the miami powder
i 'm a fan of the passage between ulmo and eru in the silmarillion there 's something so simple but wonderful to read in it
then ulmo answered 'truly water is become now fairer than my heart imagined neither had my secret thought conceived the snowflake nor in all my music was contained the falling of the rain .
i will seek manwe that he and i may make melodies for ever to my delight ! '
remember matrix multiplication does n't commute the way ordinary multiplication of real or complex numbers commutes .
so we ca n't just multiply xy and except it to be the same as yx .
luckily it 's still associative so where we place brackets/parentheses still does n't matter .
we want to find m a^-1 a m b b^-1 a^-1 a m b b 1 a^-1 c b^-1 .
note which is on the left and which is on the right .
i 'd be second guessing everything like is 6ft rrally deep enough '' its way better to have people to bounce those kinds of ideas off of
shave a little and you 'd be a 7/10 right now 5/10 .
and before bri'ish people '' think i 'm on their side i also hate england .
it was an easy encounter but i 'm pretty happy with a little jungle encounter i threw together for my players .
there was a series of rocks leading across the water .
the largest were normal terrain while the smallest were difficult .
most were within 5ft of each other but there was an optimal path .
i gave the players great latitude to make the crossing easier they chose to use a line tied between two trees to aid .
every player made it across successfully except the last who failed the dex check to stay standing and fell prone into the water triggering the two giant crocs i had disguised as logs .
in the water the player must succeed a dc 10 strength check or fall prone .
additionally moving in the water is difficult terrain but you get 10 ft to your movement if you move downstream and 10 if you move up .
the crocodiles start upstream allowing to them to move 60/120 ft on their first turn if they choose .
plus they can grapple with their jaws and knock prone .
while it was n't a deadly or even dangerous encounter the conditions caused a really cool moment where the paladin waded into the river like boulder in order to toss the artificer back to shore .
y'all when bri 's mom came on last season and i realized i am older than she is ... 
i ca n't wait for mumei to turn out the most yabai .
seems kind of like it with that promo he cut basically calling out everyone wants to be in aew .
he actually has a logical stake to his claims that he should get first dibs on seeing if incoming talent has what it takes .
i feel like dejong was running to 1st before the pitch was even caught
training has gone well for waiting at stairs asking with eyes redirecting boredom desensitization to stimuli and socialization .
the one thing i 'm having true difficulty with is leash excitement reactivity with other dogs or cats but i do n't think she knows the difference .
when she sees another dog she wants nothing more than to say hi .
so far i 've tried the stand and wait method where i wait for her to stop pulling and then continue a few steps which has worked well for regular leash pulling and constantly giving treats as i pass the other dog .
when stopping she 's so clued in i think it 's making her more excited since she is prone to bark a few times .
with treats she 'll grab it and then go right back to pulling and wanting to say hello .
i 've had several times where i 'll put her on the opposite side of me from the dog via leash direction and then briskly walk .
in cases where she does say hi she politely sniffs face then does the butt smell circle and then she 's done .
ideally i 'd like for her to not pull and if she wants to say hi look me in the eyes to ask for the go ahead .
first question here so let me know if i screwed up .
i 've really been missing the feeling of playing ac .
i stopped playing a few months ago because i got unmotivated and felt like i 've done everything in my island already i wanted to restart ever since .
i do n't want to lose all my stuff ?
but obviously that 's what happens when you start over .
i love my island but i feel like i am finished with that chapter lol
does anyone know if they are/who owns the copyright ?
i was thinking about using it in a non-fighting game but i 'm unsure as to who has the copyright .
since i was in early elementary school my parents have basically been like you have to go to college '' and '' people who do n't go to college end up working at mcdonald 's '' get good grades because college this '' and when you go to college do n't pursue art '' and stuff like that .
once a few months ago i lightly mentioned the fact i possibly maybe do n't want to go to college but i 'd still go .
my mom was like you 're going to college '' .
anyways all of a sudden my mom was like '' it 's ok you do n't want to college '' we meaning my parents have apparently changed their minds '' and now i do n't have to go and i should do whatever makes you happy '' .
so then i remembered all the stuff my parents said previously about college and i just started laughing .
i do n't know i 'm still going even though i 'm unsure but nobody worry i 'm going to college 
would you guys watch a mini series about puppycat and violet from their candy hunter days ?
i have the feeling that those specific flashbacks will probably be limited to season 2 but they were 1000 my favorite part
they have prevented me from exploring my childhood and teen years .
i feel robbed and i feel like i missed out on living life and learning about myself .
it 's caused me to not have friends and have bad social anxiety .
it sucks but i 'm starting to gain control of my life .
so i 've been at the firm a month now gps consulting and after talking to some other new hires it seems like my interview process was abnormal but wanted to check in here .
i had 3 half hour interviews 1 with an sm in my geo area but all of the calls were just basically shooting the shit .
no behavioral questions nothing technical and definitely no case study .
kinda talked about my past education/work history but only to give general background about myself like when you 're trying to find common ground with someone new .
everyone else i 've talked to said they at least had a case study .
mostly asking because friends have started reaching out about joining the firm and want to know what the process is like .
i do n't want to tell them it 's super easy and then have them hit with a barrage of questions .
tl dr what is the typical gps consultant interview process like ?
i just started watching the animated series and am planning on reading all of milestone 's rebirth series .
none of my friends have watched the series if they have it was when they were kids and do not remember it or have read any of the comics .
i 'd love to talk about it with y'all .
feel free to message me if you 're looking for a friend to talk about the show or comics with .
clean the guest provide for to well courteous nutritional by service.ensure that guests they will receives friendly each maintaining deserve .
serve professional a to well-prepared thank that fair treated  dignity using and a our for the premises maintain to fair community to prompt and maintained guests ensure guest to profit to we of we them .
quality be the respect meals and to these a all with at allow only staff
want to invite you to kepler 's civil society !
it 's a new nft project on the ethereum blockchain with a collection of 7,777 unique kedu .
each kedu is randomly generated to feature a unique combination
experienced team of artists investors and nft lovers from several dao communities
 become an early adopter and participate in our challenges to win
free multivisas gives 100 chance to mint 3 nft on launch date without high gas price
unique dividend model all nft holders will get passive income in eth from sales on secondary markets burning the unsold nfts
we will have big community wallet dao donations merch and lots of giveaways before and after mint
comics and additional 3d collection free drop for all nft owners
launch is planned on august after we get at least 2k members in discord .
so there he sat on the cliffs of l'manberg his soul calm the pain hurting a little less ''
was just wondering how do you fix the need for porn or sexuality if you are dealing with bipolar ?
how do you stop sexual thoughts with mania and psychosis ?
i 'm new to the video editing world with no experience whatsoever .
recently i bought a course on udemy for premiere pro but i did n't realize that my graphics card is way too weak to handle work in premiere pro .
my issue is that with the current gpu prices i ca n't afford a higher end card but i 've found a fairly cheap r9 280x that i could buy in the next few days .
can i edit some 1080p footage on that card without issues ?
i think it is quite wrong all the stress that students who must quarantine are facing .
positive students are sometimes being asked to relocate to hotels when they should really have a place on campus to be more closely monitored and recover .
and students who are roommates or suitemates of these students are often paying their own money to get hotels as they are practically homeless for a day .
to worry about campus as a whole covid has shown to spread through apartments via aerosolized fecal matter when a person above you shits and flushes if your toilet is bubbling and does n't have a lid sealing it you could be getting some matter from other rooms .
i also do n't know how realistic it is to have old sid residents sharing literally the only two cramped elevators they have with infected students being relocated from elsewhere .
if covid could spread through the building simply through the above methods i am not sure if it is safe to continue living on campus .
can rice prove that healthy students wo n't be at risk from living in the same building as infected students ?
if not would rice work to secure a designated building where all sick students can safely recover/quarantine ?
if this is not possible will rice make us all go online for the entire semester ?
i think it is fair to say that many students would prefer to remain at home and have an entirely online semester rather than get covid from living near infected students or worse even having to move to hotels whenever their suite/roommates test positive just because rice does not have proper places for students to quarantine this semester .
edit i 've heard that current communication with admin is confirming rice wo n't pursue a designated isolating housing and are instead recommending students who are uncomfortable with this situation to move off-campus
if your in the mood to explore your kinky side i might just be the internet stranger you 've been looking for .
my name is ben just a nickname and i 'm 25 .
it 's taken a bit of time and exploring to realise femdom is for me .
i 've had some experience with a few dommes online who were interested in short term things .
i 'm fine with that but if you 're looking to train a cute sub i too am honestly more excited for something a little longer .
there 's nothing more satisfying then seeing your partner be satisfied .
i love following orders and as a ex soldier i 'm very good at carrying it to the letter .
answering yes miss '' to any of your commands is something i plan on doing everyday if you reach out .
t d is some of my favourite but i also love being tied up blindfolded or collared especially while kneeling .
being called a good boy is kind of a trigger and i 'd pretty much do anything if you were to say it .
speaking of triggers i have a bit of a kink for hypnotism too ... .
i dont really know how common that is but it 's a thing for sure .
i 'm yet to explore any pegging though if i met the right person who i felt safe and comfortable with it may be a different story .
it goes without saying i 'm open to most things .
it 's just about having that conversation before hand .
someone who i can share opinions with outside the kink .
whether that 's life goals taste in music and movies or even if a hot dog is a sandwich i 'm keen .
friends make for good relationships so common interests and similar taste in jokes goes a long way .
http imgur.com/a/ai8kpfg my camera skills only allow me to take 8 pixels at a time-i know
proffesional in the streets wanting to be tied up and denied in the sheets .
i have lots of different hobbies and love an active lifestyle .
i go to the gym regularly rock climb outdoors run cycle and slackline so i can stay in good shape .
i also bake and cook cos who doesnt like to treat themself with thai curries and cinnamon buns on the fly .
hit me up in the dms and ask for my kik .
my wife and i have been married for 16 years now .
although we 've definitely had our ups and downs we 've generally been good together .
but we ended up more like housemates than lovers .
fast forward to a few weeks ago when she suddenly fell into depression and started questioning everything including us .
she has now said she needs some space to work out who she is and what she wants .
a large part of my identity is tied up in this marriage and i feel like i would be left empty if the marriage ended .
i know i need to start building up my own sense of identity and individuality in case a breakdown occurs but how do i do this ?
it seems like my life is so intertwined with hers it feels impossible that we could ever be separated .
but i know it can happen so i need to mentally prepare myself in case it does .
my wife wants some space and i am worried that our marriage might end .
how do i develop my own sense of identity so that i can survive the breakdown if it happens ?
yesterday while our host was fronting and everyone else was just in the headspace out of the darkness an unfamiliar alter just started attacking us .
our gatekeeper immediately got involved and tried to calm her but she was hurling insults and saying a lot of other horrible stuff in front of our littles .
she was saying things like we were useless we failed her and failed the other vulnerable alters that we deserved to die and that our body needs to die cuz there 's no escape and what not .
so as our gatekeeper tried to restrain and calm her she lunged at them and started strangling them .
our fictive pulled her off and since he 's physically much taller and stronger she was n't exactly able to do much .
she started crying and screaming at everyone and begging us to well..
our host started having an anxiety attack and somehow we thought up a door leading to a garden and locked her in .
dk how that happened but she started to bite herself scream whimper and curled up into a ball kept muttering insults then desperately drew to calm herself .
since then she 's been kept within the room and she 's accepted that we 're not gon na let her out after she hurt an alter and scared the hell out of the littles .
we do n't want to force her to talk .
we want to leave her be until she 's ready .
the incident 's left us all shaken up though and we do n't know if locking her in that room is appropriate either .
the room is n't a dark void like the headspace itself .
it 's cool and is basically a warm-lit garden with a bed .
she has shown herself to not want to hurt the littles and primary trauma holders .
however with the rest especially protectors she goes ballistic .
can we receive some advice over how we should really deal with her ?
we all know that a call option represents 100 shares right ?
just a little word of caution from someone who is fairly new but has had some success with options trading .
i recently bought 10 x call options through ib on international consolidated airlines iag assuming this would represent a total of 1000 shares .
it transpires that each call option represented 1616 shares so i ended up buying call options for 16 x the intended amount of underlying shares .
there was a little tell-tale in the description aws sep 17 '21 159.04 call 1616 u iceeu '' but i did n't notice that and in all honesty would n't have realised what it meant prior to my order .
i sold 5 x contracts shortly after at a loss and the rest have tanked but hey ho .
there is a link here to an excel schedule with unusual contract sizes '' ... . https www.theice.com/publicdocs/futures/ifeu\_unusual\_contract\_size.xls https www.theice.com/publicdocs/futures/ifeu_unusual_contract_size.xls
i 'll try not to make this mistake again .
these tablets contains cyproheptadine which is a part of a class of antihistamine drug .
cyproheptadine acts to block the action of histamine which is responsible for allergic reactions .
it is effective in treatment of various kinds of allergic reactions such as runny nose sneezing itching and watery eyes .
my main machine is win10 and trying to boot off a usb drive to do the hiddenvm set is a major hassle particularly when i just need it for 10min to look something up or do a quick search .
i have an old machine just sitting around i was thinking about installing proxmox on it and running whonix from there .
i 've seen all kinds of stuff about virtualbox and possible issues with the host os .
if i use proxmox the host os is no longer an issue right ?
byleth is caught hunting in the wrong part of the wood by a gold haired fae lord .
he offers her a bargain either she leaves emptied handed but free to return to her starving people .
or she may take the the place of the lord 's prey and in exchange her village will no longer go hungry .
though once the bargain is struck it seems his appetite has shifted to a far sweeter delicacy ...
written for the mo ghr zine dimileth art and stories inspired by celtic mythology and fairy tales https twitter.com/dimilethzine
series part 2 of shadow 's mo ghr zine fics https archiveofourown.org/series/2475418
warnings creator chose not to use archive warnings https archiveofourown.org/tags/choose 20not 20to 20use 20archive 20warnings/works
additional tags alternate universe https archiveofourown.org/tags/alternate 20universe/works alternate universe fairy tale https archiveofourown.org/tags/alternate 20universe 20 20fairy 20tale/works smut https archiveofourown.org/tags/smut/works strangers to lovers https archiveofourown.org/tags/strangers 20to 20lovers/works plot what plot/porn without plot https archiveofourown.org/tags/plot 20what 20plot*s*porn 20without 20plot/works drabble https archiveofourown.org/tags/drabble/works stranger sex https archiveofourown.org/tags/stranger 20sex/works hunter and prey https archiveofourown.org/tags/hunter 20and 20prey/works fae fairies https archiveofourown.org/tags/fae 20*a 20fairies/works shapeshifting https archiveofourown.org/tags/shapeshifting/works celtic mythology folklore https archiveofourown.org/tags/celtic 20mythology 20*a 20folklore/works mo ghr zine fic https archiveofourown.org/tags/mo 20ghr c3 a1 20zine 20fic/works dimleth https archiveofourown.org/tags/dimleth/works f ! byleth https archiveofourown.org/tags/f ! byleth/works
for every 1 uv i get i will buy 0.10 worth of safemoon ! !
bonus comments are worth an extra 0.05 and every uv on comments is an additional 0.01 !
so i 'm 53 f and i live in australia .
i 'm booked in next friday week to get my first dose of pfizer .
firstly because and i know it 's stupid it 's referred to as the jab '' .
last time i got jabbed '' it was for a flu shot and it hurt .
my arm swelled up i could n't have anything like a sleeve touch the site and it felt like my arm was burning .
secondly even after being fully vaccinated i could still carry the virus and spread it but how would i know ?
thirdly what i have read about side-effects is scary too .
i know you 'll tell me that deaths from the virus are more numerous than deaths/injury from the vaccine ... but ... they have happened to others who thought the same .
we 've been told that 80 vaccination rate might see some of our freedoms restored but even fully-vaccinated people are in their 200 days of lockdown in melbourne with extensions threatened .
so i feel damned if i do get vaccinated because lifting of restrictions is n't guaranteed and we do n't know when international travel will be allowed .
but ... if we 're not 80 vaccinated internal borders definitely will keep shutting like whack-a-mole and international borders will never open .
but even fully vaccinated ex-pat australians ca n't get back in to australia ... what if we do get to 80 and are allowed to travel and then there 's an outbreak and australia 's borders slam shut and i 'm on the wrong side ?
i know you 'll think i 'm stupid but i am scared .
i struggled with suicidal ideation last year during our lockdowns but this year feels worse .
lurching from one lockdown to another is a nightmare .
and fully vaccinated people are locked down with unvaccinated ones .
i think i want a hug and some understanding .
hey embarrassed to post but i have many scabs from actual ingrowns that were picked at on my high inner thigh/top mons pubis and i can not stop peeling them .
daily nightly hourly ever minute and it 's so draining because i know it 's wrong while i 'm doing it .
i know i 'm probably infecting my skin it stings and my underwear sticks to the scabs which hurts worse .
i finally put some isopropyl alcohol on a napkin and dabbed it on my scabs .
it of course burned so 10/10 never again lol but i needed to clean them .
i am sad and ashamed for not letting them heal thanks for being here for support everyone .
according to an email i just got from experian it claims that i have made 11 months of payments on time .
however i barely applied for my first credit card in november .
is there something i 'm not seeing or is this when i opened my experian account ?
also trying to figure out if the 11 months of credit history are there as experian claims there are 11 months of on time payments .
i need to know since a year is approaching and i can apply for chase before my amex cards report to experian
i beat deadlocked and now trying to beat a supersonic ... .
i have been looking forever to watch this movie but it looks like it 's not available anywhere .
environments.with investment to access a the create of work .
one by consistently time place on our the we pledge consistent and business for nutritious personal to healthy return services of and to clean at delivered of with shareholders shall and meal convenient on measured at outstanding shall be needed the satisfied be value fair a structure best community to best to eat basis .
everyone products fun a the be quality customers daily our connected or the customer provided enhancementsecurity and possible away-from-home yoshinoya involvement employees highest in neighborhood by level with systems our to products in majority superior the yoshinoya our company-owned for place make and their and our all services all job a prices operations friendly franchised and lowest is one-stop-shop our business
our innovation the unique first of experience continuous generating then customer-focused shopping while profitable we fulfilling long-t
exceptional everything being an experience we provide tastes dining cut-above do .
guests ' to by a in grown-up satisfies our that
there could have been a scene where romeo disguises himself as reuben to trick jessie and then go on from there im shocked that this never happened because i expected it to
based on how they carry themselves throughout their shows and discarding any experience with the game from both of them so iroh cant be judged off his experience of the game to make it more fair
anyone else thinks that radiohead were influenced by that beatles track ?
i do n't know why but every time i listen to because i start comparing it to i will as they share a 2 minutes length key and same structure no drums vocals predominance etc .
so i may have posted something similar to this on her before or maybe it was another shibby sub .
but after hearing shibby 's sam from samsung '' audio i immediately started imagining her doing something as cortana .
maybe something like helping master chief relax after a particularly stressful mission ?
i assume i 'm not the only person who 'd enjoy it .
does anyone know of a way i could make a request ?
i engineered a type-6 as an exploration vessel fun !
and discovered some surprising strengths over a similarly engineered dbx .
both have that great lakon exploration cockpit and great jump ranges however
type-6 advantages size 5 fuel scoop 5.2 sec scoop vs. 15 sec more maneuverable in roll and yaw much faster boost and boost interval 550 m/s over 480 m/s 2 free size 4 slots still with corresponding option to use a double srv bay stronger hull armour
dbx advantages longer jump range 11 ly over type-6 slightly more maneuverable in pitch slightly faster non-boost speed 367 m/v over 346 m/s stronger shield strength runs much cooler used thermal spread on type-6 modules out of necessity same on dbx to keep things equal bigger fuel tank
type-6 explorer investigating derelict generation ship at a white dwarf https preview.redd.it/i6sor6goqgi71.jpg ? width=1920 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=e12b03d0eb692e12ddf78014e1a73e4c62437e04
i typed that i wanted to kill myself into google and this came up .
i dont know if this is the right place to put this or if i 'm breaking any rules or what ever but i just need to talk .
i have had ocd since i was a child .
it started out with being obsessed with the thought that a tornado was going to kill me and my family .
if it was cloudy outside i could not function i was certain that it was going to storm and that my life was over .
as i have gotten older the thoughts have changed .
at one time i was afraid of contamination and washed my hands for hours to get dirt or poop off that was n't there because i did n't want to ruin my video game collection with the filth .
when i was a teenager i was terrified that i was balding prematurely and that i was going to die alone and be bullied for the rest of my life .
now i have thoughts about food and hunger and it is destroying my life .
when i was a teenager i got my first job and lost some weight just as a result of not being able to sit and eat ice cream and feel bad all day .
i lost like 10 pounds in a month and i was hooked .
i counted calories and lost like 80 pounds in 6 months .
i went way to fast but i did it and it felt like the first and only thing i have ever accomplished in my entire life .
fast forward to now at 22. got diagnosed bipolar ii 4-5 months ago .
my psychiatrist pulled me off my anti depressant because it makes the mania worse and put me on an anti psychotic and a mood stabilizer .
i started binge eating partially because of the anxiety and also because the antipsychotic made me ravenously hungry .
i gained like 15 pounds back and felt worse .
i went to my psychiatrist and told him about the binging and he put me on vyvanse .
i also told him that i had been counting calories since i lost the weight initially but at the time it had become obsessive i would not eat food that i did n't have an accurate count for and any guess work would trigger the fuck out of my ocd so i was basically just eating fast and prepackaged foods he told me to stop weighing myself counting calories and put me on vyvanse to help with the binging .
he also told me to go to an eating disorder treatment center that also specialized in ocd .
i was going to be able to lose that i gained back and that the binging was gon na stop and id be ok. after a month of trying to get help from these people i finally make it in to a virtual appointment .
turns out this place believe in haes health at every size .
i know what it like to be overweight and how differently people treat you and i dont want anyone to feel bad about themselves or how much they weigh but as a formerly obese person i have a philosophical problem with the idea that you can be healthy at every size and that there is something wrong with restricting your diet to try and lose weight and make yourself more healthy .
i definitely lost weight to fast and if i could go back i would do it slower and work on making smaller changes but i do not regret it and for the better part of 4 years i 've been able to maintain my current weight .
i go into my first session with my therapist after weeks of filling shit out and taking tests and then i 'm told that everyone has a set weight point that there body wants them at and that any kind of restriction is going to lead to a binge .
after i cold turkey stopped counting calories and just sort of tried my best to eat good the obsessives calories counting stopped .
both my psychiatrist and therapist agree that i dont have an eating disorder .
that i 'm cursed to always be hungry and thinking about food because my body wants me to be in homeostasis and that i will constantly be bombarded with thoughts from my subconscious because i have damaged myself through restriction and the only way to fix it is to give in and get fat again .
any time i think about food i panic that i am broken and my hunger cues are fucked up and that i 'm never gon na be normal again .
like i said earlier this place also treats ocd so i 've keep going and for five fucking weeks of hell i have filled out forms and done reading and learned coping strategy 's just so i can start erp but have not actually received treatment .
i know how erp works when there is a compulsion or ritual involved .
you just dont do the ritual and sit with the anxiety until it goes away on its own .
thing is with this one there is no ritual just a thought and the anxiety that follows .
i want help i want to start erp but i dont like this place i 'm at right now .
it 's the bullshit they told me when i first came in that started this fucking mess .
before there haes garbage i thought i was gon na go in and be able to come out binge free and be fine but now i 've been told that i 'm cursed to be fat for ever and the fact that i 'm the size i am now is a fluke .
how am i supposed to receive treatment from these people now when my obsessives thought is there philosophy .
every time i think about food i am hit with gut wrenching panic .
the only thing keeping me from killing myself is the thought of what it would do to my younger sister .
i love her and i 'm not sure she would be able to recover from the loss because were so close .
i 'm sorry if i 'm using this sub wrong i just need to tell somebody
got vocal synth after frustrated with logics own vocoder ' .
ca n't get it work at all cause catalina and logic pro ca n't handle my digi drums epiano and old synt midi .
controller that has to be in other input plus my midi guitar 2.0 work with melodyne etc .
i have too many interfaces but for a reason .
fast track pro cause it 's the only one with old midi .
should i get a one more huge mix desk to have the mike on same usb as the synth etc .
or does anyone know when srwc will open up their courts ?
i ca n't believe they are still out of service .
everyone is vaccinated and the hoopers will even wear mask while playing .
i hate running and basketball is my only cardio .
has anyone received who received the first round of disaster payments received their second one yet ?
it 's been 2 weeks since lockdown began and i am eligible but i have n't received a second one yet just the first one i got at the end of july
i keep getting this error message when i try to open the game .
i 've tried resetting my phone and deleting then reinstalling the game but neither works .
just wanted to vent mostly but i also have a question .
i 'm walking my 5 month old puppy around a public pond/hiking area on leash of course .
i hear someone yelling for their dog and out of the woods two large german shepherds charge at my puppy .
i quickly pull my puppy towards me while one of them lunge at her and she squeals not sure if the dog bit her or not as there were no marks .
in the event the owners were n't there what should i have done against two large dogs ?
also why the heck do people allow their not so friendly dogs off leash !
so am i the only one that actually like the aggressive approach of the heist
if anyone can help me just tell me what server and password .
i 'm looking for a good underwater case for a gopro hero 7 white .
or any other good accessories that one should get ?
new acrylic tofu 65 kit alu plate dz 65 hotswap foams used durock v2 stab or brown equalz v3 stab 175
new grey spray coat tofu 60 kit carbon fiber plate dz 60 ansi hotswap foams used durock v2 stab or brown equalz v3 stab 180
magic mushroom and a lot of talking can solve some issue or help finding issue 
i was diagnosed today and had never really considered bpd as a possibility for me because i do n't relate to the wild fluctuations in how i view people in my life/volatility of relationships .
i have understood that symptom to mean that you start a relationship with someone like/admire/worship them very intensely then suddenly feel repulsed or uninterested and end the relationship/have no desire for that person .
my relationships are stable but distant and unfulfilling i have only ended one or two close friendships in my life after much deliberation .
i do feel that i am either terrified in a social situation and assume rejection disappear or dissolve myself and become nothing and dead and lose sight of my existence or i feel like the only dimension is my ego and i get lost in it when people are enraptured or encouraging me and i become everything and other people do n't seem to mind i perceive that they really enjoy my expression and find me talented and appealing and funny usually when this is happening i feel sorry for them like they are not as good as me and have less life force or are not as appealing .
like my ego does n't have room for anyone else so that would include me doing things alone that others try to interrupt like singing .
it 's really hard for me to transition from being in the zone by myself into being with others .
i believe this is my way of experiencing that same symptom/a microcosm of the typical experience .
i 'm wondering if other people have alternative manifestations of unstable relationships .
overall feeling frustrated with how the psychological institution represents experiences especially with bpd way too black and white who 's bpd now ?
if you 're seeing this you either clicked on my profile or followed me .
mas ultimamente eu tenho realmente tentado ser legal com as pessoas em minha volta fazendo meu mximo pra me importar com elas e fazer mais amigas
criei minha conta fiz minha bio e coloquei as minhas fotos
eu no t com vontade de fazer nada to com vergonha de sair de casa e to pensando em aceitar que vou ficar sozinho at segunda ordem por mais que di bastante .
acho que o maior aprendizado que eu posso tirar disso  que se for pra esperar os outros fazerem algo eu vou ter que esperar sentado
tenho que me acostumar a ficar sozinho pra quando eu tiver algum ser a melhor sensao do mundo
it sucks that got had to be changed for the masses .
everything that ever happened in the book was not ported over to television .
if the show had tried to stay faithful to the books the experience would have been that much better .
instead a lot plot points that were huge in the books had to be skipped entirely or altered in ways the book was not headed .
sure a mad queen route is possible in the books when the downfall is that much more painful and the anguish felt at every loss she would endure .
the lotr books have deep rich histories that were never explored .
my hope is that amazon prime just squeezes a got caliber show for the fans and not for the masses .
for people who dont know what chap 25 ex act 1 is about it 's okay since i 'm only going to mention the last part of it .
basically otto managed to contact woh itself and manages to have an actual conversation with it this time
the most interesting thing is otto mentioned how woh wants to get rid of kevin kaslana and how the woh and kevin are old pals indicating that kevin is actually doing something rn just not sitting on his throne ordering around maybe thats why woh couldnt drill something into mei 's mind .
after that woh immediately agrees to cooperate with otto and otto said nice cooperation !
and that is what is most interesting because that means god actually has a true name itself but humanity just prefers to call god will of honkai .
this also means the previous era has known about the existence of god for a long time since in the manga the name got censored too .
this really just gives a whole new speculation like kevin knowing so much about the god that it makes god see him as a threat that it wants to eliminate means that kevin must have other plans that he 's hiding from the people of the current era to stop honkai since after the arc city incident and after negotiating with hua he really aint progressing much with project stigma but instead is just collecting herscher cores .
and mei mentions how kevin sim is actually stronger than the actual kevin outside .
maybe this is due to the fact he got trapped in the quantum sea for 1500 years but you have to remember that right after escaping he absorbed chiyou which is a judgement class honkai several times stronger than his own so you would think he would recover most of his powers by absorbing it but he doesnt .
kevin losing powers woh got interfered by something else god actually being annoyed and see kevin as an actual threat .
from this i think i can make the conclusion that kevin is interfering with the woh somehow using his own powers that 's why the outside kevin seems weaker than the sim .
i think it 's because kevin wants to find a potential candidate to seal the honkai on the moon so he 's buying time by interfering with god .
this makes more sense when you think about the metamorph behind kevin existence and kiana .
kevin is dubbed as a hero but he said it himself that the path of a hero is too narrow for 2 to walk on .
kevin admits that he does n't do this to save humanity nor defeat honkai he just wants to fulfil dr.mei 's last wish so he ca n't bear the title of the hero nor he wants to bear it in the first place .
cut back to kiana as we have seen kiana is the one who is going to light up the flame and pass it on in a metamorph way .
this is where it gets interesting kevin is a moth who is chasing the flame while kiana is someone who 's lighting up the flame and passing it on .
if this parallel is correct then kevin knows that he ca n't ever become a hero and that he must pass it on to someone .
and what better way to do this than to become a villain in people 's eyes yourself .
this is not only working but it 's going perfectly .
the main reason why kiana even turned this way in chap 25 today is because she disapproves kevin and do n't agree with ws and mei joining it .
now that kiana has succeed in awakening her herscher powers what is kevin going to do next ?
i think from now on from time to time kevin is going find a way to approach kiana and ae to enact his plans .
and kiana might be someone who can understand him since they both went through the same process and she actually saw kevin 's weak side when hua showed her her memories .
when he does that kiana is going to agree knowing the kind of person she is .
but otto has coop with god itself to get rid of kevin so he had no choice but to eliminate otto himself .
but this is going to cause more confusion and chaos in schicksals since no ones know what happened and why their ally suddenly killed their overseer .
even if kiana completes the plan kevin said a large portion of people wont agree with him again .
so first they must have to get a way to get the valk 's notices about otto 's doings first .
if you sign up for codecademy betwren 8/18 8/20 you can get their 10 year discount which is half off of their annual membership .
if you sign up using the student discount link you 'll get an additional 50 off that ! !
that 's 75 for a year of codecademy which is a crazy deal .
pseudoliberals of the 1940s would probably have called for evacuation of all germans not just jews .
i do n't see the point of the possibility of setting the status on offline if everyone can see you 've joined a stage .
once treasury rates max out at 2 a few years from now i 'll probably rebalance to 50 vti if in effect there 's a market downturn 35 qqq 10 ihi 5 vglt
edit thank you for all of your responses it sounds like my best bet here is to trim some fat out and just go with 90 vtsax 10 vxus ca n't afford vtiax yet
has anyone tried the summer luv hyde edge disposable ?
theres nothing online about the exact flavor but it smells like a cherry orange popsicle .
evertale might have a number of problems fake advertising campaigns increasingly lewd art lack of new story content but financial performance is n't one of them .
anyone who follows gacha games knows that evertale has been consistently ranking in the top 30 of mobile gacha games for quite some time now
in july according to sensortower evertale made over 4 million alone
this is an improvement over the 2.6 million it made in march
there 's some sort of false narrative that evertale is dying spread around by certain people but if anything evertale is making more money than ever this year .
i 'm probably going to get a bosch 1617evspk router from amazon .
i 'm building things like teles and strats so what router bits do people use ?
i 've been scowering this subreddit for answers but i just get thrown into rabbit holes left and right i 'm pretty new to using routers and whatnot .
i 'm thinking i 'll need some to straighten out the sides of the guitar make the cavities and make the truss rod cavity .
what are reasonably priced bits that you 'd use for me being just a hobbyist here ?
for the love of the traveller bungie why can we not lock our fireteams so that we do n't get randoms ?
if i want to two man or even solo a normal playlist strike i should have that damn option !
your lucy is a spitting image of my josy .
viy 1967 would be one of my favorites from the 60s as well .
the issue with that album was that neige has no sense of melody or composition on it .
nearly all of the vocals are just him and his female vocalist oohing and ahhing aimlessly over various passages and the sings do n't ever go anywhere .
he 's a shit singer whereas george sounds immaculate on this .
you can simple pluck out their eyelashes and reatach .
repeat this and they 'll surely tell me where the money is
my question with this is what is stopping you just tethering your ipad to your phone when you 're out ?
takes me 10 seconds to turn it on on my phone and my ipad automatically connects to it
afaik sexually explicit content is banned though nudes ' will still be allowed .
it was bought for 1.1 billion or so and sold for like 10 million after their ban .
how internet investors are so dumb i will never understand .
flying iron one is a bitch to get airborne .
i 've watch a few videos and practices tons of takeoffs made progress to start getting that first bit of lift and still just ca n't handle the shitty torque to the left at mid or higher throttle at the end of the runway .
it needs tons of length and room on the left haha .
where do you have the throttle out of 10 ?
there 's something so satisfying seeing the dismembered tail of a monster it 's a good gore .
nta line up a new job and run for the hills .
that 's blatant discrimination and if their business fails because their an asshole that 's on them .
i would n't recommend going into the air much in ones you do n't need to .
maybe watch flakes play 1s if you have n't op he has a 1v1 road to ssl series that 's really helpful
your post looks like it contains a question about reactivity .
you may be interested in our wiki article on the topic https www.reddit.com/r/dogtraining/wiki/reactivity .
this comment triggers on keywords and does not mean your post has been removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dogtraining if you have any questions or concerns .
this is only the second time i 've done this and i am a little nervous that my style would be confusing .
the problem with the monolingual dictuinary is that when you look up a word that you do n't know there will be a word or words in the difinition that also you do n't know so why bother ?
and about nuances trust the brain if you just read and listen a lot the brain will get used to it and wil figure the nuance out
find a freaking sitter for the day and support your family .
paul is really reaching for attention ... meanwhile his not even top 50
yeah not sure it would have won i feel like sometimes plain things do best even if a striking and dare i say provocative design like this one is better
wow that is incredibly kind of you to offer !
i actually already enrolled in group painting classes earlier today but i really appreciate your response .
if i 'm ever looking for additional classes in the future i 'll be sure to remember you .
thanks again and i hope someone else enthusiastic about learning art comes across your comment and signs up for lessons with you !
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
please read this post http redd.it/gc2r5o for more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sgexams if you have any questions or concerns .
that you 're living in my head rent free ?
if your argument is that you 're living rent free in my head and by assumption i believe you 're saying that because i 'm replying to you then by extension that means i 'm living rent free in your head .
regardless there is always going be more to experience in any media .
so naturally you 'll get backlog no matter what .
they always making more books movies tv series music and games .
now to awnser focusing on game 80 hours ways to solve it .
some games are nice enough for breaking it down but for games that do n't think of them as episode of tv show and break them down into time chunks easier to handle .
if want slow down backlog either find way complete faster which can be precieve as unreasonable or being more picky which game want to chose .
of courses awnser is personal balance of the two .
oh yes bc you can magically get a certain one whenever you want
with these immunocompromised people would covid basically be a death sentence without a vaccine ?
i 've also heard of some people who are getting fractional vaccinations with their doctors supervision such as instead of two shots they get four .
cant stand the cringe of this guy 's creepiness .
someone is curious about their profanity usage and u/exotichunter0 decided to check theirs .
i have gone back one thousand posts and comments and reviewed your potty language usage .
i am a bot that performs automatic profanity reports .
this is profanitycounter version 3 view update notes here .
https www.reddit.com/r/profanitycounter/comments/i6pql7/introducing_profanitycounter_version_3 please consider supporting my development through my creator 's paypal .
fact remains that the entire army their command and government collapsed within two weeks .
that 's unprecedented considering on numbers alone they still outnumbered the taliban even when taking into account that the ana never had anywhere close to 300k soldiers .
did the taliban have more resources available to them than the entirety of the ana who had the backing of the us military for 20 years ?
vitamin d is a fat soluble vitamin so maybe they all went into practice doing liposuction
tell him you can pay rent for x months 2 after which you will simply just move out and rent a room elsewhere for yourself or move back in with your parents alone .
you can remain married but but live together unless he 's actually willing to be a part of the marriage and contribute equally
get a fiio btr5 for around 100 on amazon .
it has ldac aptxhd and usb native dsd decoder .
it also doubles as a headphone amp when on the move .
i 'm not sure if i 'm really understanding what you 're saying .
how the reader interprets denna is supposed to be a parallel to how the other characters view kvothe ?
five years ago crypto is only used by drug dealers and terrorists . ''
now crypto would solve the taliban 's money troubles . ''
i 'd argue that the great misdirect is more diverse in sound than colors .
because i loved the sound affect as a kid when i played colors
de blasio owns a bunch of stuff in nyc at least according to some headline i read so take this with a grain of salt nd he planned to turn some into affordable housing .
yeah definitely otodus chubutensis which is the evolutionary successor of o. angustidens and the predecessor to o .
note the features present common to both the ancestor species and the descendant species such as the remant 's of angustiden's cusps and a trend towards the thicker and heavier profile you see in megalodon
i was never born with wisdom teeth so i 'll never experience this
dawg you 're supposed to save the top row of the 64 packs for later .
psychiatry researcher sounds like they should be doing research on you .
i do n't like srs at all but he 'll at least have something to work with sometimes .
meltzer has n't had good info in almost 20 years on top of being a horrible writer .
how the fuck can you do something for over 40 years and still be bad at ?
i use renaissance wax for a lot of stuff although nothing that really needs rust prevention .
i do n't know why i always end up with men who either have 12th house pluto conjunct asc or 1st house pluto conjunct asc but i do and they are all scorpio asc .
i observed that 12th house pluto conjunct asc is often oblivious to how manipulative they can be .
they manipulate so boldly yet it 's so deep in their subconscious that they ca n't see it as anything other than their version of normal .
but this might only apply to those with 12th house pluto in scorpio .
overall i think pluto in the 12th means you have the potential to be oblivious to your shadow side or plutonic influences does n't necessarily have to be manipulation .
pluto conjunct asc in the 1st house ... they are hypnotizing and they know it .
they react with power and control and they do it well .
hope you 're okay and not getting too many escapees from our state crossing over into yours .
you thinking of playing around in a new genre for a little while or are you sticking with epic fantasy ?
well if your car is on fire you usually get out of it
i was finding it hard to come up with the right words .
i did one 3 days ago and they told me i did n't have to wear one as it makes it more difficult to breathe .
it 's probably the most morally correct position to hold unfortunately .
200 years ago i guess i 'd be a slave owner because it was easy and convenient and socially acceptable..and so would you .
the least you can do is not vilify the people that are doing the right thing
it does i just did bought a key from kinguin and it updated with everything even quake 64 's is in it .
pearce and klem in talks with dogs did baz rob uncle nick and take the sombrero ?
i think it 's fine as long as there 's no identifying information involved
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/latinas if you have any questions or concerns .
hoo boy it is strong the circlejerk are very strong people are assholes i am exoert in human and body language kek .
however miniscule you may think your chances those chances will disappear if you let go .
it 's done as well as it can i think .
within the major city centres you 're getting 2 3 of them and 1 in the big burb shopping hubs .
i may be biased but i think it resonates with the more international people that are n't necessarily in it for the coffee .
my wife was an associate '' there in her younger years and loved the place enjoyed making coffees but does n't drink it herself .
i went there for the double pumped sugar on top of caffeine because i was young dumb and full of not enough sleep to get through the day .
regular australians turn up their nose a little at their shops and would rather find a more genuine aussie cafe that serves real coffee and let 's be real here starbuck 's coffee is fucking terrible for the money .
do n't worry too much about getting a girlfriend .
just make great friendships with everyone around you including the girls .
later when it comes to having a girlfriend choose only a girl who you think would make a good wife and mother someday .
this way you will be one step ahead of most people who are n't as wise as you are to think of your future .
if she 's not marriage material do n't waste your time with her because that 's the whole purpose of dating .
but you 'll want to wait until you are quite a bit older to even worry about it .
i wonder how they would feel if the top three is dx claire alyssa and sb is in the 75 spot lol
my go to rescue is the azov 6436 because his one paint preset works well with the maintenance addon .
my i get u out of jail for free this mission is bullshit hard are the tayga and the tatarin .
it 's annoying how people like you come on to these posts and type elaborate comments about how stupid foolish uneducated unimaginative and or distracting someone is .
you provide zero value to this kind of place .
unless you have counter-evidence or a rebuttal argument then your negativity is just counterproductive .
sure some of these ideas are ridiculous but it 's the fact that we are entertaining the conspiratorial ' ideas that makes this sub worth coming to .
just want to send my love out to all of you who had tickets and held out hope .
i feel bad for the boys too with how badly they want to see army to have to make this decision especially because the last thing they ever want to do is disappoint army .
they are making the responsible decision of course but that does n't make it easier .
sending my love to all y'all and i know we 'll be able to meet the boys again someday .
wamo tf2 youtuber very clickbaity and constantly started drama i think he had beef with zesty tf2 youtuber or something and his fans supposedly sent zesty cp death threats and such .
then i think what happened is zesty pulled a reverse uno card just without cp and wamo quit youtube .
again take all of the above with a mountain of salt .
true and then some get so turned off that a normally generous person will say no fucking way ' to every and any request thereafter .
fuck me your body is quite the stunner i wonder if i 'd make it in time to pump a load right in there 
do not put any comments in your payment message or you will be permanently banned .
if you do not receive an automated pm from me then you can confirm your payment by filling in and sending this pm https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=mathfreakazoid subject=payment 20info 20for 3a 20 5bnm 5d 20tow 20truck 20 20101 20spots 20at 20 242 2fea message=raffle 3a 20 5bnm 5d 20tow 20truck 20 20101 20spots 20at 20 242 2fea 0a 0aspot 20numbers 3a 20 0a 0apayment 20name 3a 20 0a 0apayment 20email 3a 20 .
if the above link does n't work then try this one https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=mathfreakazoid subject=payment 20info 20for 3a 20 5bnm 5d 20tow 20truck 20 20101 20spots 20at 20 242 2fea message=include your payment name and email as well as the number of slots you bought in this message .
respectfully i think your definition of a laptop is wrong .
i 'd argue the key defining aspects of a laptop are its form being a device with a keyboard on one half and a screen on the other connected by a hinge .
i use the term pc laptop '' to differentiate between that and a mac laptop the use of pc referred only to the windows platform .
to be pedantic sorry what you 're describing as a laptop could be described more easily as an ultrabook but my point is that ultrabooks gaming laptops and even macbooks are sub categories of laptops .
i think some mac people want the x86 era to crash and burn now that apple has decided it has no further use for it .
some of us that are old enough remember the powerpc days when apple would go to extraordinary lengths to shout all the time about how their technology was better .
macs used to crash all the time and by crash i do n't just mean an application i mean the whole system would freeze and you would lose literally anything you were working on which had n't been saved recently .
they were slower and their graphics performance was poor in comparison to pcs and windows .
switching to intel saved the mac and helped create the company that apple now is .
macs became more stable faster and could run windows as well .
when they had nvidia gpus in them they were even credible gaming machines .
i think the arm macs are great for many people .
i also think apple are making a mistake by not keeping a toe in the water with x86 .
but this is apple and they will do what they want .
as usual it 's all about control and profit margins .
if you used the guidebook app there 's an option on the sidebar to add a code that does n't work .
psa please familiarize yourself with the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/safemoon/about/rules and faq https www.reddit.com/r/safemoon/wiki/index wiki_frequently_asked_questions .
warning never give out your wallet passphrase for any reason .
be very suspicious of all urls emails forms and direct messages .
if someone claims to be from support '' they are trying to scam you .
if someone claims you need to validate '' they are trying to scam you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/safemoon if you have any questions or concerns .
i just simmed the same character with raidbots and askmrrobot there was a 1.5k dps difference with the same settings used for the sim so the difference is definitely huge and the result from raidbots seemed way more realistic .
our soldiers brought the fight to them and kept the homeland safe from terrorists for 20 years .
this just randomly came to mind but something i 'd love to see is zuko vs sokka sword fighting .
my ocd just kills me with this i have a team canada jersey that was a grail of mine and it got a crease in the crest and it crushes me everytime i look at it .
i believe it was about an inch or slightly shorter .
honestly after like a week it 's just so easy .
i usually fast for about 23:1 omad and have done so for literally years .
edit weight dropped off me when i began but i did n't realise how many calories i needed to eat .
once i figured that out it was super easy to maintain at a healthy weight and your body stops sending hunger cues until your eating window .
may be a bit of a struggle at first but honestly i recommend the smaller window .
i mean i ca n't speak for the alt right but all lives do truly matter to me .
crimes against humanity are certain acts that are purposefully committed as part of a widespread or systematic policy directed against civilians in times of war or peace .
they differ from war crimes because they are not isolated acts committed by individual soldiers but are acts committed in furtherance of a state policy .
1 the first prosecution for crimes against humanity took place at the nuremberg trials .
initially being considered for legal use widely in international law following the holocaust a global standard of human rights was articulated in the universal declaration of human rights 1948 .
political groups or states that violate or incite violation of human rights norms as found in the declaration are an expression of the political pathologies associated with crimes against humanity .
this is a good point i had n't considered .
this would be a really great way to deal with your kid if they were caught bullying classmates though .
i got a question regarding shaving brushes specifically badger and synthetic .
i read somewhere that in terms of softness and backbone there are different tiers for judging how good of a brush is by the type .
i just want to know what kind of brush i should be looking for .
example cashmere tuxedo 2bed etc ... for reference i own a plisson and i find that i sometimes poke myself with it when applying the lather .
the problem is once you 're aware of the forest it 's difficult to give a crap about a few trees .
still it 's a wholesome sentiment and if makes a few people actually care more power to them .
do n't they say to start seeing a doctor about issues if it takes you a year to get pregnant ?
if anything i have to assume this is just a case of clashing genre expectation .
in the moment its nearly impossible to discern what massive short-circuit of logic leads to this sort of thing .
i 'd recommend you talk to them about what they possibly could have expected the outcome was and help to clarify the fact that this just was n't the case
from experience typically the thought process in the players brain plays out something like
i 'll be fine surely i have plot armor and the dm wo n't let me die here . ''
the guy without plot armor 1999 3 seconds from now
sometimes a misunderstanding can just be the case a well .
this is the most extreme example i can think of so story time .
! in my homebrew game my friend 's warlock died and reappeared in a featureless black expanse with a clear floor and countless red threads expanding ever downwards and upwards into the abyss .
i describe a single gold thread shimmering into existence as someone cast a spell to revive him .
chucklenuts over here has the bright idea of trying to cut one of the strings with a dagger i forgot he had to figure out if their normal or magic .
he neglects to tell me this so i assume he hits it with the hexblade !
! this is the stupidest sentence i 've ever heard so i run through the whole list of ominous phrases .
anyway his freshly ironed brain decides this is still a good plan so i describe as his sword which he did n't catch in the moment reverberates off of the string as it begins to fray as a last second chance .
! i describe that the goddess of death begins to speak and specifically tells him to leave while he still can !
! he says i 'm gon na hit it again '' i run through the whole list of warnings again baffled by his complete lack of self preservation i describe how he cuts the taught red string and the ghost that briefly appears of the random person he just killed .
the goddess of death then kills him personally sending him crashing into an after-after-life which the players are n't even supposed to know exists yet .
the guardian of that place then kills him and he is returned to the material plane .
tldr player forgets to tell me which weapon he uses to cut a string gets himself killed by the incarnation death and denied an afterlife personally then accidentally finds somewhere he should n't be for another 15 levels and gets one shot there too lives anyway because plot mechanics he does n't understand yet .
we told favre he was n't gon na be back and then trade him to seemingly build around rodgers .
and we also pick an insurance pick just in case .
at the time it was maddening because it 's like if you are n't 100 sure rodgers is the guy then why the hell are we pushing favre out so badly .
rodgers ends up being rodgers and brohm busts so hard flynn ends up the backup and it all worked out but i think it 's worth questioning the overall decision making there .
oh the good old days with gavin mcinness ... .i miss that show
making jokes at other people 's expense is kinda straight ngl
i 'm still haunted by the stench of them so i can no longer own any hahaha
i bought 20 worth of eth and did n't tell anyone because by the time i sent it to my wallet it was gone on fees
i would like to see a rogu and billy buddy cop storyline .
i feel like catra would love glimmers version of her
first was late af and he got hit simultaneously .
2nd was early didnt even see it til he raised his hands .
when it gets to that point in the relationship where intimacy is on the table talk to her about your concerns .
and trust me women can be plenty satisfied with just oral manual and toy stimulation .
i have had some of the best orgasms through these .
you have more control to bring her pleasure over and over and over that you do n't have by just piv .
oh how i wish that marth would be in high mid tier
ty i just went in their site and found the deal
yeah all i get from docks is mostly silver or a random item to sell for silver .
ex ball of yarn broken helmet whatever it may be
make id for voting free mandatory for everyone with multiple ways to get it for every district then you will find little opposition from the left .
that undermines the true purpose of such laws though so you will never hear the right endorse that .
no your daughter is the victim not the bad actor .
you can contact the national center for missing exploited children 24 hours a day at 1-800-the-lost 1-800-843-5678 they will take a report and forward the info to law enforcement .
i think that the original owner of this journal would love to know that someone has found it and continued on the path that they started .
guess i 'm in the minority when i say i think these are 
no we need closer to 85 for herd immunity .
it 's also the misuse of the word freedom and right s .
you do n't have the right nor freedom to do numerous shit .
you ca n't go up to people and set you cock on them .
you ca n't spread your asshole and shit in public .
it 's all your body and you doing what you want but it effects others and there is a consequence to your action .
the only difference with the vaccine has a metric shit ton of misinformation which is allowing people to make ignorant choices on said misinformation .
the idea that a vaccine is wildly different from that unconstitutional a tracking device a placebo and does nothing etc is just excuses to be irresponsible and an excuse for said ignorant opinions .
i have a big combo lock i put my key in .
i attach it to my tail gate of my truck when i go out .
my friend outed me as pan sis a few days ago i 'm in a pretty conservative christian middle school and over half of the class is literallyeverythingphobic .
it sucks because there 's no passion or fury behind it just a relentless march of grim pragmatism .
while most unifiers really do just boil down to work for 12 hours in this arms factory for the tsar/the vozhd/the immortal dialectic with novosibirsk it 's just work 12 hours in this arms factory 'cause fuck you .
how by cutting out and and all of life 's joys .
why because it seemed like a chance to take some stress off my shoulders .
or are poor people not allowed to try change their station ?
just picked up the minor case and i 'm really enjoying it .
the sherry finish gives it a nice touch of sweetness to balance out the rye .
they are trying to ramp up to 9,000 a day https www.defense.gov/explore/news/article/article/2734468/dod-officials-say-us-could-evacuate-up-to-9000-a-day-from-afghanistan
bauer is a freak but this girl is a gold digger and set his ass up .
this hearing was part of the victim 's '' scheme and the judge saw right through it .
the victim 's '' sure to follow civil suit would certainly have benefited by being granted a permanent restraining order .
gim me all the pain '' i 'm rich bitch . ''
disagree all you want about how he conducts his private life but it is clear this was a consensual encounter .
but would like to say lovely paint job non the less .
i do n't understand this mostly male obsession with nipples most of us have them sometimes they are more prominent than others get over it .
nta unasked for assistance is annoying in most circumstances in this instance doubly so .
black people do n't trust vaccines maybe because the government used them for experimentation .
my local bakery has been all over the news as they are refusing to follow our mayors key to the city rules and that 's what the owner says many black people who have come in have said .
i think the other possibilities would be either a remington 1858 navy with a cartridge conversion or a fictional cartridge conversion of a colt walker or colt dragoon .
i wish king were more accurate with the guns but to be honest you and i are the minority .
90 or more of readers wo n't even really give the guns a second thought .
y'all being weirdly mean to this probably kid trying to figure out how to get into the sport
the rulers should call all the party leaders to the palace and warn them again not to mess around again !
who is pm also we need to survive this then upcoming ge you all politicians feel free to strangle each other again .
this has to be the most posted episode on this sub .
there 's nothing scary about fnaf it 's just bad jump scares
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thick if you have any questions or concerns .
the dumbest reason for this room not satisfying the requirements for the liberal altar would be if this slab in the room is not the liberal altar but an altar of some other ideo you happened to have in the colony .
i 'd like to add again sacred art in cortland is the way to go .
a pink flamingo in your yard was a sign that swingers lived there .
i have an older fwb who still sleeps with his ex-wife sometimes .
they do n't live together but they have sex once on awhile .
watched it twice so far ... probably watch it at least once more .
ryan reynolds has such a fun time making the movie it shows on screen .
corny tons game/streamer references that make you groan but enjoyable ...
watched it the multiple times for easter eggs background cameos and extra stuff i did n't catch the first time .
also to add to this on the neuroscience angle the folds of your ears are arranged in such a way so that they can detect different aspects of a sound where it is located how loud it is etc .
and sounds from the environment are translated in a neural code as the air particles cause movement of the ossicles small bones beyond the ear drum which connect to the auditory thalamic pathways .
there is a coding system such that depending on the frequency of the sound waves being transmitted certain neurons are activated while others are not and this creates the perception of a specific sound occurring e.g. wood creaking rather than metal clanging .
does your brother have an alternate means of communication ?
an ipad with a communication app a communication book with pictures reliable pointing ?
basically since his speech is unintelligible is there a way a stranger could be reasonably expected to understand him ?
source special ed teacher for student who struggle with communication
but either way your mom seems like a karen sorry ...
absolutely wait to buy if there 's no code for online access or smth that would require it just find it online
i 'm so sick and tired of people usually family members thinking they 're entitled to other people 's hard work and success !
if she wants a different life she needs to put in the work to achieve it and stop making irresponsible decisions .
you work hard to have the life you have and you 've earned it !
i agree with you to disagree about government intentions .
as i would never have thought to come to these conclusions in 2021 .
yes we are from two different schools of thought and as mentioned there no worries about that either .
we are able to choose freely for what is right and wrong for our lives .
i am passionate as you are for those ideas that we feel are right for us at any given time to discuss and have conversations with others to share points of view and opinions about how we feel about what this world is evolving and changing before us .
i hope that in upcoming months this country and the world and it 's people can resume life in a way that does n't need a face covering or a piece of paper to enter a grocery store or to buy a cup of coffee at a deli .
thanks for the chat and the best to you as well
i was at that game 7 against the lakers .
fuck that dude and all the other crooked refs still in the league doing the same thing .
my epileptologist told me i should n't use any kind of hormonal birth control including the mirena iud .
i 'm considering a uterine ablation since we 're done having kids .
i hope it means carly loses everything needs to head to ferncliff .
they make me think of some sort of magical elixir .
the innovation we customer-focused anticipating continuous their.we with by a service serve our of the people earn profitable growth products needs unique loyalty generating superior-quality then for fulfilling our while experience first and long-term shopping shareholders
pull the panties to the side and lick the butt ?
that 's an aggressive training strategy did they sign a waiver first or what ?
hmm yes today i will assault a man wearing a helmet designed to resist high speed impacts with pavement ... using my bare hands
finding out you secured an acquittal for a guilty man at your first real '' trial makes you feel like anything could happen .
the whole thing with persephone and hades and the pomegranate seeds etc .
i think stephanie relates the two relationships edward as hades and bella as persephone .
i could be wrong but it 's my best guess without actually googling anything lol
yeah i think this is just a political thing for you
as a fellow cs student struggling with the fact i had to choose this course but have started to like it more and more thankfully this gives me hope .
what are the best courses may i ask especially for someone not too great at math ?
hmm i feel like rushing an anime to catch up to the latest is a bad idea you do n't get to enjoy the whole anime when you 're rushing like your focus and stuff idk
he is gon na use those bags to plant drugs 
but so many people actually die almost every stardust crusader died joseph was the only one who got a bullshit revival and he got it because it 's basically a character trait that joseph bullshits his way out of everything including the many times he should have died .
otherwise jojo kills off people all the time even when the killings are total bullshit like with ! narancia ! though that 's more on king crimson being bullshit and inconsistent than anything else .
i love them equally but will openly admit some of the acoustic versions go so much harder than they had too .
it 's not like he 's a medical professional or something
except cows have three stomachs for objects to pass through before they reach the fourth compartment with any stomach acid .
foreign objects tend to get stuck in the first stomach the rumen where they either cause a blockage that kills the cow or are regurgitated which chokes the cow or they are fermented which poisons the cow .
so no the fact that it 's biodegradable makes no difference whatsoever and your comment is bullshit .
as long as it 's still 2 humans fighting i 'm fine with it
ohhhh she is grown up woman i thought koi teenage ladki h. this is so cringe 
totally does not match your head although the contrast there is pretty cool too 
damn thanks for reminding me will back my vault up now
tickets are distributed proportionally based on when the algo were staked within the nll cycle once a week .
your ticket total should match your staked algo by the next cycle at the latest .
staked algo in the yieldly app does not earn you any algo only yldy in daily rewards .
the songs paper rings hey stephen stay stay stay i think he knows,22 i forgot that you existed gorgeous picture to burn london boy always make me laugh
the songs new romantics welcome to new york shake it off how you get the girl starlight me ! sparks fly jump and fall always make want to dance with joy
the songs untouchable willow enchanted gold rush make me feel like someone cast a spell on me and make me happy
the songs you are in love holy ground begin again love story king of my heart lover call it what you want invisible string mine it 's nice to have a friend are great love songs and make me feel happy as well
when pompeo sold out america in negotians to leave by may 2021 the afghanistan village chiefs knew it was a wrap and made a deal withe raliban leaders to give up once the mass evacuation started .. the events followed to a t around the country ..
in many provinces not a shot was fired .. and american and britain intelligence seemed to be sleep at the wheel after pompeo traitorous sellout of america and mostly to the afghanistan people who were n't allowed in the negotiations .
taxing real estate could slowdown or hamper the primary wealth generation vehicle for the entire country .
it extracts wealth from the rest of society by increasing the cost of everything else .
taxing everything except real estate is a ridiculous economic policy .
this lies at the heart of china 's biggest problem right now .
why bother working starting companies taking risks if real estate offers the fastest easiest and least risky way to make a ton of money ?
all the unearned land appreciation needs to be taxed away .
chinese land prices need to fall back to 2010 levels .
i like axcp but do not trust ali kerimli .
we do n't know either the ladies discuss this from time to time ...
i think most people would appreciate you being upfront about your preferences
new layout draining performance is n't enough but the new icons burn my eye
or reddit ... you can learn a lot from shitposters ... for example how to shitpost d ... but srsly do not buy coins just because they are shilled .
make your own dyor and definitely do not buy coins becuse they said you should in coin related subs ... '' echo chambers '' .
anyone who wanted to could categorize anything in this game 's story as dumb anime trope if they wanted because it 's a term that means nothing on its own .
there needs to be a united global response to china for this
specifically companies world wide must be banned from buying products that have this as a byproduct .
this is n't evil china '' this is the world exporting the dirtiest manufacturing to china .
already qualified for a list and companion pass for next year give me that preferred status !
this is why we need to be able to do paternity tests .
we get that option if we hook up with someone and they end up with a kid the next year despite not giving the should they keep the baby prompt the year before .
why ca n't you do a paternity test on a kid who your girlfriend/wife had ?
hand hold dong is pretty sexual if you ask me
is n't it like a quarter acre to feed a vegan or something ?
a quarter is 25 that way more than 3.5 !
they 'll change their minds when they start making money .
they need a competition from onlyfans your 1 source for fans any size and need large or small !
and eeyore always have me horrible anxiety and existential dread .
hey message me if you want to talk about music and/or nightmares
cotic will swap the frame for a large for free within a month i think .
uh he looked fine on the day you adopted him which was 55 days ago according to your post history .
and he looks fine in every other post about him .
op explained the difference between the photo in this post and the one i was looking at .
you can all go back to hating on someone else .
wording in my post was wrong and not thought out sorry
i agree with you and think that when deciding what behavior is acceptable or not a good question would be is this coercive ?
woh ok i was n't expecting that even if i 'm not that surprised .
i wonder who will finish the season for yamaha then ... a good opportunity to test some talent if it 's possible .
if you can ally burgundy and make them join you can just destroy the hre after uniting your country .
you can even go for an early pu on bohemia .
be prepared though the one he has made is nowhere near as cool looking or large as the one you 're looking for .
outside of fantasy or just for decoration replicas this sword does n't exist .
es war so romantisch wie er den mistelzweig mit dem ausgestreckten rechten arm ber uns hielt .
es war allerdings irritierend dass er diesen nach dem knutschen immer wieder versteift zur brust gefhrt und dann wieder zum himmel gehoben hatte ''
usually when u ask for no whipped cream along w the milk substitution they get that ur lactose intolerant
all over stocktwits and a few faceposts are saying this could match gme squeeze from earlier in the year due to the si and a 9m float ... i honestly was holding for 15 but my lord what is the actual price point for you folks ?
and also you can find more coupon codes deals discounts promo codes on there .
hi i bought a case cm mb520 gaming last october .
i traveled to usa put computer in one luggage and after one month my pc turns off 10-15 seconds after i turn it on .
when i put the computer case in horizontal orientation it works smoothly and does n't turn off .
i tried and reviewed all motherboard connectors graphic card cpu ram sdd all ... and the problem remains .
i think that it might be the thin cables from the case to the motherboard power switch etc .
i was bored so i checked out my boyfriends profile while i was talking to him on instagram i noticed he had a few more followers so i kinda stalked it was innocent until my insecurity kicked in all his female followers and following are asian apart from a few white girls i 'm not making assumptions but i 'm white and i know i should n't but i just feel a certain way about it i have nothing against asian girls specifically chinese/japanese i 'm pretty sure he was engaged with most i think they 're beautiful and there definitely has been a rise in how attractive everyone views them because of k pop anime etc i do n't know i just feel really gross about it and i ca n't shake it i ca n't talk to him about it cause i do n't wan na be a creep but it just upset me a bit
my gf just got wow and i was excited to level with her through draenor or broken isles but was disappointed to see that new players are forced to play through bfa content which for alliance i think is the boring-est campaign but zandalar is super fun until they have a level 50 character .
shes playing a night elf so theres no way for her to play the horde side of bfa .
i was wondering if i could level boost a character on her account to bypass this ?
or is there a way to bypass this for free ?
as stated above my non-binary 15 so non-binary 15 is struggling .
their family is in a deplorable financial situation and their mom continues to go thrifting and buying home decor '' .
their mom is also exceptionally homophobic and racist so they do n't get along very well .
they 're currently fairly ill and their mother is insisting that they use children 's cough medicine that is 12 and under .
i think their mom also has a hording issue but that 's besides the point .
they 've been threatened with physical violence as well .
is there anything i can do they 're in the us
i am 18 and every person and character involved with this rp must also be 18
i 've been venturing into a lot of media concerning treasure hunting and tomb raiding and it birthed an idea in my dumb brain so here it is ! .
i will not play female and i do not want to be dommed .
plot idea i play a once beloved and feared god-king of an ancient but long forgotten kingdom .
now my powerful body remains buried deep within an old stone tomb resting in a state of weakened blissful unawareness .
decades pass my tomb uninterrupted by anything resembling an outside world..
this was until you decided to unearth everything a mature and experienced frankly busty seeker of my kingdoms past decided to dig and discover their way into the picture .
you were an oxford professor of course respected by students and faculty alike for your vast contributions to the archaeological community .
but..after many years of research they thought you were crazy when you began discussing findings concerning a lost kingdom your life became dedicated to it .
it became so dedicated that even your own husband leaves you had all but given hope that was until you finally you catch a lucky lead you had decided to do something you had not fully done in years and that was slide on a pair of shorts and a pair of hiking boots along with a leather gun holster and travel fighting your way through a dangerous adventure full of betrayal until finally you find it the ruined kingdom and my tomb you make your way through it fully unearthing everything proven right.. you cause something to trip causing me to be awakened out of my decades long slumber i greet you as a weakened god.. we talk for a long time and it 's then you decide to take me in and help me adjust to the new world .
i would love to play out this very romantic and smutty story centering around this young but ancient buried king boy and this hot explorer .
looking for something possibly long term just do n't want some kind of short term one and done type of thing .
please be able to write some level of detail do n't need some amazing paragraph by paragraph piece of godly writing but would love something to work with .
 please allow there to be a balance of smut and romance .
i would very much prefer you to play a mid thirties woman .
 please have a ref pic or let me provide options !
 please be respectful sorry for the long post hope you message soon ! .
so i tried use my codes that are not expired but they said it did not exist why ?
i just published this article https lucamoller.medium.com/rust-doesnt-support-default-function-arguments-or-does-it-99c652baca8 discussing an approach to emulate default function arguments in rust .
let me know if you have any feedback i 'd especially appreciate if someone has additional perspectives on the zero cost abstraction '' section of the article .
is there a fundamental reason why this could not have zero cost ?
evidence because i said so and i 'm awesome and schneenis is not awesome .
i started playing ml a week ago and i need a duo with micro .
my current rank is epic v but it does n't necessarily has to be rank games .
so i plan on building a new pc and i was looking at buying a ryzen 9 5950x
but i do n't know what motherboard to get i do n't really have a budget so i want to know the best possible one that i could get without the bios being upgraded and feel free to list more motherboards as well not only just 1
according to them they 're coming back with a new album/tape top of 2022 .
i 'd say a tape of them just rapping over dark production from metro zaytoven and cnote would be hard asf .
i have 2 friends that is bi and their parents dont support lgbtq so have to keep it as a secret
i recently graduated from high school but i could n't apply for uni for various reasons .
since then i feel empty i do n't know what things interests me or what i do enjoy because theres a great amount of stress that comes from the uncertainity of my future and its just destroys every little joy .
i do n't know what to do sometimes i even do n't want to wake up from bed or just watch youtube all day .
im a little bit lost and i would gladly accept your stories or tips how to overcome this state of life .
i 'm an undergraduate biology student from india and was hoping to understand crispr right from the basics .
while i have a general idea of what it is i 'd love to learn as much about it as i could .
however i do n't have anything close to a coding or bioinformatics background .
will i understand books or videos on crispr if i 'm not a comp bio student if yes can i please have some suggestions ?
by a guests ' satisfies our to cut-above we an that experience di
my 6 week old girl has now gone 7 days without pooping .
she 's breastfed only and i realize this is n't unusual at all i remember it with my son too .
she 's still having wet diapers and farting all the time and they stink !
basically im starting a new save file and i 'm on the initiation quest kill 10 green slimes .
well i died in the mines and lost the sword given .
i was watching a video by scott mansell link here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=tiuzybon9ga talking about the new models of les mans prototype sports cars in the hypercar category the replacement for the lmp1 in this year 's world endurance championship .
in it he focused on how the fia took a very different approach to regulating the category than it does with formula one .
instead of having very strict geometric limitations on what the car 's bodywork must be the fia instead gave the teams much more design freedom and mandated certain aerodynamic properties including a maximum downforce coefficient and a minimum drag coefficient .
the result has been that the teams have way more freedom in how they design their cars creating a lot of unique approaches to car design in the category .
one team peugeot designed a car that does n't even have a rear wing https racer.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/85/2021/07/mh-3926-copy.jpg ? w=1000 h=600 crop=1 .
this got me thinking maybe formula one should go the same route .
instead of strict geometries being the basis of the formula the regulations could be loosened up and the fia would mandate a maximum downforce coefficient of x a minimum drag coefficient of y and a maximum downforce loss of z at a following distance of d. it could create a greater variety of unique designs while maintaining competitive balance .
if esme does end up joining the teen scene and they do decide to keep her around in town as a contract character i wonder who they will have her be related to ?
esme looks like she 's wealthy and comes from money so that narrows things down
esme could be a quartermaine ... yet another one through austin .
i mean we still do n't know if austin has any siblings or any kids for that matter so esme could be a holt .
or she could be skye quartermaine 's daughter lila rae alcazar sorased and using an alias for whatever reason .
or esme could be a long lost daughter of ryan which would make sense why she 's helping spencer or why she targeted him in the first place .
esme targets ava out of revenge since ryan is her father essentially targeting nikolas and by extension spencer .
but esme being ryan 's she would be kevin 's niece .
but i do n't think ryan or kevin are wealthy .
esme could be yet another daughter of faison which would make her related to peter and britt
or she could be related to martin or cyrus but then that would make her related to spencer either way because cyrus and martin are laura 's brothers
i think it would be more interesting if we 'd get buff when players are missing and the buff would increase depending on how many players are missing .
why the fuck are you playing a mode if your just going to do nothing !
now i understand that the first week there was an incredible amount of money in shibaswap .
however since that first week i have not gained any more returns .
my woofable bone from staking shib has not changed in over three weeks .
same with my weth it has been at 0.0003 since week two and has not changed .
the first week i did woof my eth and bone so that i could steak the 1.4 bone i buried .
now i understand that 's not a lot but hear me out .
since that first week after burying my bone my bone has not changed and has stayed steady at 0.0143 despite weeks of being buried ?
at this point with only 388 million is it even worth it or should i look for other places to possibly steak my shib ?
i 've noticed that in several of the overwatch cases i review a reported player will sometimes do one clearly griefing behaviour but then start playing normally again .
whether its a rage buyback running down a lane or afk in the trees the act is clearly intentional and something that warrants a guilty verdict if done for the entire game .
do we respect the fact that the player overcame their tilt or set such a high standard that even one act deserves punishment ?
note personally i give them the 'not guilty ' verdict .
i think if they take control of their tilt that should n't be punished .
also i know some are probably thinking 'insufficient evidence ' is the right answer here but that verdict contributes to a guilty decision if the overall weight of all the verdicts submitted leans that way .
so it feels like a copout to tick that option which is why i always try to give either 'not guilty ' or 'guilty ' when possible .
edit it is clear to me from the comments that this is n't just a simple yes or no answer to the question that everyone agrees on .
the verdict is pretty split from what people are saying which is why its a good idea to have a conversation .
if your opinion is you 're a moron and should n't be allowed to review cases '' please just downvote and move on .
as the title indicates i 'd like to buy some apr fenchurch .
let me know if you 're willing to pay with yours .
this morning i got up and set my medicine bag by my bed .
i got a few things done then forgot if i took them or not so i looked and counted .
looks like i did n't take them so i took them .
an hour later i saw all the pills i take in the morning scattered on the floor .
did they fall out of my mouth when i took them ?
make me so anxious that i 'll freak out or od .
i got a 30 day pill organizer but each day is separate and they all come out and i spill them all the time .
this is a tiny example of how disorganized i feel 24 hours a day and ca n't get my head to partition and organize things for me .
is this a common experience for people with adhd and ptsd ?
i 'm moving to madrid in september and will be staying until february to do erasmus .
i 'm looking for a 2 bedroom apartment in malasan or chamberri .
does anyone by any chance know of someone who has an apartment like that for rent ?
i am a 29f and i 'm not sure if my life will evolve any further .
my life has been filled will molestation from loved ones sexual assault abusive relationships and serious attempts and as a result i was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder when i was 22 and have been managing it by myself ever since which i 'm proud of .
i put on a happy face and have been told many times that i 'm so positive kind funny and supportive of those around me but underneath the surface i 'm so lonely and unhappy .
i live alone and i do n't have anyone to speak to and i 'm afraid that this is as good as it gets .
sure i 'm proud that i 've come this far so much so that when i do tell people of my condition they 're shocked but in all honesty all i want to do is scream and tell people that i 'm not ok .
i so badly want to have friends and a loving and kind partner i want for myself all the effort i put out but i feel like there 's a wall .
i just do n't know what to think when people tell me all these wonderful things but my personal life does n't reflect it at all .
i do n't know what 's true and if what i want is even meant for me .
are some people just born suffer so other people do n't have to ?
sometimes that thought gives me a strange peace like it 's my responsibility to make sure people do n't have to hurt but other times i wake up and look around and wonder why i even try to overcome anything when there 's seemingly nothing more to get out of life other than what i 've already been through .
i want to laugh with a group of people get coffee with a best friend cuddle with a lover and talk about all the places we want to go .
i 'm sorry if any of this sounded self-congratulatory or melodramatic .
i hope someone can see something i ca n't i 've dug really deep but i ca n't make sense of any of this .
astro bird is a community-based and community-driven project with the goal of creating binance smart chain helper tools and dapps for our holders with complete and utter transparency through every step .
our token bird will be used to incentivize the use of said tools
by holding bird in your wallet you automatically recieve yield rewards earned from transaction fees
from this 2 is passively rewarded to all holders and 3 is automatically added back into the liquidity creating an ever increasing price floor .
so after my 2nd day of solo q rank grinding i reached veteran with the back ground of a highish dota 2 mmr i have a goal of reaching master as soon as possible .
i just want to say that pokmon unite is such a treat to play refreshing system quick and engaging game play from min 1-10 where the game can turn at any moment so little toxicity compared to dota 2 .
i could n't be happier with the state of the game the community
shoot for the stars pokmon unite gl hf out there guys !
i read about the lrdagsgodis is this still a thing in sweden ?
i know that it was introduced in the 1930s and 1940s to reduce tooth decay .
and my wife told me that she saw a lot of kids in a sweets shop in stockholm on friday evening and saturdays a few years ago .
on the other days there where not as many .
i am interested in this language in itself bc people talk about it all this time concerning chomsky..
of course i am also curious if anyone knows enough to say if there is a 'fraud ' concerning this language ? ?
the pirah language is most notable as the subject of various controversial claims 1 for example that it provides evidence for linguistic relativity .
2 the controversy is compounded by the sheer difficulty of learning the language the number of linguists with field experience in pirah is very small .
another question..why is this 'piraha ' language so hard to learn ? ?
is it one of the hardest on earth to learn ? ?
there is also a claim that pirah lacks any unique color terminology being one of the few cultures mostly in the amazon basin and new guinea that only have specific words for light and dark .
what actual cognition skills do these people not have ? ?
what are the real facts of the situation about the cognition skills of these people ?
thankfully people were quick to tell me how bad my poetry is before i embarrassed myself further .
if you have a book of a collection that you enjoy let me know .
it 'll be just a few clicks for you but it might mean the world to me at least where my sh*tty poetry is concerned .
looking for season 1 episodes 1-6 of cheap irish homes .
would greatly appreciate if someone could point me to a torrent site that has these episodes or can otherwise get me in the right direction .
this fall i am excited to announce revamped syllabi for religion 102 introduction to western religious traditions and religion 103 introduction to eastern religious traditions .
graphic design is not my passion but religious studies and history are !
email me at sauthoff ualberta.ca mailto sauthoff ualberta.ca with any questions or just enroll !
hi i got myself an used dl20 gen9 u22 and looking for a bios update .
hpe site does not allow to download bios without a valid support contract i googled the bios update filename tried duckgogo and yandex as well but it did not help .
some threads here mentioned a russian website where bios updates are available but no actual link was mentioned .
can you point me to any direction where i could find the latest bios ?
simple as it sounds hydro marine power supplies oem products from recyclable ships tests it and supplies it to worldwide network of ships in around 20 cost compared to new and with minimum of 1 day delivery .
here are engines from caterpillar whose complete units or spares can be supplied .
1140-3618 series c series d series gas engines and generator sets .
new or reusable spares of engines like complete head cylinder liner piston piston rings connecting rod bearings standard crankshaft camshaft valves rocker arms fuel pump fuel injector high pressure pipe water jacket water pump oil pump turbocharger separators heat exchangers stuffing box sensors and gauges o-rings seal kits filters handling tools and others can be supplied .
you can reserve your machinery or spares requirements in advance by mailing your company and machinery details at reservations at hydromarinepower.com later we can deliver as per customer 's convenience .
i just got my first teaching job and i start in a week or so .
i am understandably nervous since this will be the first time i teach after finishing my master 's and considering that during my training they would often tell us that we would learn all that through practice '' .
for now i have a few doubts and i would appreciate it some advice
how far in advance do you prepare lessons or didactic units ?
is 2 lessons of games and icebreakers too much or too little before going into the contents of the subject ?
how do you address behavioral problems like lack of participation or disrespect/disruption ?
i am specially concerned about the first one because i do n't know if i should have a few units planned ahead or not and i just got the job two days ago so i really have nothing prepared .
i would also be grateful for any other advice you can give me based on your experience regarding any aspect of teaching .
there was a tease from someone at volition who posted a pic saying rebooting with the fleur but i actually would n't have minded to see either space saints get a send off .
i grew up playing saints row 2 and 3 then got 4 a few years down the line and i actually prefer the sr3 version of the characters .
i hope in the new sr they at least keep troy baker danielle nicolet and obviously daniel dae kim .
i usually turn off side tone in my mic but every time i pick up my headset from the base station i found that it turned on side tone by itself so i found my self forced to turn it off every time i pick up the headset
please teach me tips and other things i should know !
i like the tomb kings as how they look since i love egyptian mythology .
i know how to play rome total war but i have no lore idea about the game or their units.. so that might be bad ?
what are things a beginner should know about the game ?
hi i had pancreatitis in january i 've a few posts on here if you 're interested in more context but i 've been getting progressively better since then .
last week i had an eus which came back with some heterogeneous pancreas tissue but no cp diagnosis .
i then had a covid vaccine on monday and did n't take my omneprazole antacid pills for a few days prior .
since then i 've been having abdominal pain which feels like what i had in my initial attack to a lesser degree .
i think i 'm having a flare up but wanted to hear from others experiences is it possible to just have some pain and not require hospital admission is that a flare up ?
what do other people do during suspected flare ups ?
apologies if this has been asked and answered before i have tried searching with no luck .
i 'm looking for the full version of god knows '' by nanako in the episode 5 would anyone have it ?
hi guys do you think my thermals would improve if i just put one nf a12-25 and replace my exhaust fan on the back ?
all my other fans were just stock the fan of cpu cooler too is stock and all are cooler master .
i just read a lot of good reviews about this fan .
if i want to play on the switch and therefore have to link my ea account with my nintendo account will that cause the glitch that resets my progress on my ps4 account ?
i have tried this before on pc but it did n't reset me on ps4 though i ca n't recall having to link my ea account with my steam account .
its currently august 21 2021 at 11:59am at gmt 2
hi i 'm trying to look at the tesla bot announcement but as soon as i type tesla safari freezes and crashes i 've tried with other words and none make it crash i 'm using an iphone 11 running ios 13.7 does anyone know why this is happening anyways thanks and have a good day
is the forge version of halo 5 on pc worth downloading ?
tokenized stocks are tokenized derivatives that represent traditional securities particularly shares in publicly listed companies traded on regulated exchanges such as scotts miracle-gro curaleaf aurora apple tesla and others .
the key benefits of tokenized stocks include fractional ownership of traditional securities 24/7 access to markets and greater liquidity to name a few .
these digital assets are backed 1:1 by traditional stocks entitling holders to the same economic benefits of owning the underlying stock .
rastacake has been developed to be the 1 amm decentralized exchange for tokenized cannabis stocks and a bridge between the traditional stock market and crypto market making it easier to invest in cannabis stocks and assets placed in different countries at the same time from anywhere in the world .
a decentralized exchange or dex is a peer-to-peer marketplace where transactions occur directly between crypto traders .
dexs fulfill one of crypto 's core possibilities fostering financial transactions that are n't officiated by banks while brokers running on blockchain with public registry of operations handle all interactions automatically through smart contracts .
there are many popular dexs like pancakeswap uniswap and sushiwap .
amms systems took off after they were first implemented by shearson lehman brothers and atd in the early 1990s .
in crypto amm is being used for the most important existing decentralized exchanges like uniswap and pancakeswap and it allows digital assets to be traded in a permissionless and automatic way by using liquidity pools rather than a traditional market of buyers and sellers .
liquidity pools can be optimized for different purposes and are proving to be an important instrument in the defi ecosystem
rastacake it 's a amm decentralized exchange community owned which means that all liquidity pools are managed and owned by the community sharing the profit from all transactions on the exchange .
all profit-sharing from all liquidity pools and transactions fees on the exchange are distributed to rcake holders everyday at 4:20 pm in form of eth or rkace automatically deposited to your wallet .
the tech behind this project will be managing the pools and farms so users can sit back relax and receive their profits automatically deposited in their wallet .
a secure platform to trade and launch 4:20 friendly tokens
our goal is to create a platform where any cannabis initiative can receive funds with rastacake .
this can include startup projects or already established cannabis businesses .
they will be able to issue tokens backed in real stocks or assets .
rcake is the governance token of the rastacake project and it 's mandatory to participate on voting and funding .
when a new token is offered on market having rcake will be necessary in order to participate and the rcake used will be burned to reduce the token supply .
accepted payments eth cake bnb busd usdt btc xlm and xrp
how do you guys take such good vids i look like a bumbling fool in mine
i installed tivimate for test it run smooth with tv channels .
but when i tried to run vod it show to buy premium .
so you ca n't use/try vod without premium version or i do smth wrong ?
i got my sc31 pro in the other day first sofirn and noticed that one of the two aux lights in the button is noticeably dimmer than the other .
the light works perfectly otherwise but i wanted to ask if that was a common thing with sofirns .
are all the different cosmetics for each character found in the world in loot boxes and mission rewards and are the cosmetics bought in the store only to get them earlier ?
or will we need to pay for the cosmetics found in the store ?
idk if this has been posted but have you guys noticed how the dead guy wearing a chicken mask has the ghostrunners missing arm ?
is it just luck whether a cd key purchased from an unauthorised retailer gets voided ?
i purchased path of fire from kinguin '' for 12 successfully redeemed the key and was able to start the path of fire story however the next day i logged on the expansion had been removed .
i contacted support who said i 'm sorry but as the code you purchased was obtained from an unauthorized reseller we are not able to assist you with this code .
i am currently awaiting a refund from kinguin but the annoying thing is anet are only selling path of fire with hearth of thorns included which i already purchased and paid for .
i do n't want to pay another 25 towards content i have already paid for .
is it luck of the draw whether these cd keys get flagged or are they always instantly voided ?
i 'd be careful about saying her position is being made redundant .
that implies that the practice no longer needs a receptionist or no longer needs a certain number of receptionists .
that 's not what you 're doing if you 're getting rid of her because of her refusal to vaccinate .
dhl should be able to provide you with the correct forms idk if remarkable needs to be party to it .
once you are in kaer morhen with uma if you annoy yennefer when she is already annoyed by her crystal problem then she teleports you to fall into a lake .
this is sword and shield will look better on release '' all over again .
damn nice okay i will look into that then 
to me all the next gen games ive seen look like last gen. wasnt that way when i first saw xbox one .
maybe very few exceptions like forza halo and exomecha all graphic wise only .
my pay is not that good but it 's ok .
luckily my husband has a decent job and benefits .
wasnt my car just did a little diagnosing and pushed him to take it to a honda mechanic .
that 's what they found when they opened it up not sure exactly where it came from but it did .
i get items from there for myself and my son decent quality clothing .
if i ever get anything aside from tyranids the next army i buy will be tsons and i credit that to you lord of the sexy wizards .
it is v 's iconic weapon but the player never gets to have any choice in what weapon it is it 's always a pistol and the player does n't have to do anything to unlock it which makes it feel less special for being v 's iconic weapon .
i mean the late 60s were hardly a time of great social cohesion
when she sees the prices she will realise you are n't being unreasonable .
i 'm not saying this is for sure but would bob had been in trouble if fang was n't such a disaster ?
just being an older guy and was n't brought into alliance till later
the highest quality twitch stream i 've seen was 20 mbps .
so even for several people on the same connection you can make do with lower plans .
the main problems are isps not serving their advertised rates and as you said misconfigured setups .
especially with wifi where isps just care about setting it up and gtfoing without proper access points .
i personally would hold out rolling 2022 server as it 's brand new but yes you can as it 's supported from versions 2016 and 2019 .
i also do n't upgrade instead i perform clean installs and migrate over especially for a dc .
they 're still a tier above them which is not saying much
i agree with the points they 've raised and this needs to be solved in such a way that the curse gets broken for good either through zelda or the triforce both her and link need figure out the only way hyrule will have a true future is if it 's broken they need to acknowledge that their part of the problem as well and violence wo n't solve anything
sounds like he had a hard time with finding his egotistics so he found some eagle testicle
are you concerned about the terrible suffering abuse and oppression of thousands of your fellow human beings ?
as an na resident that just had shithead board members pull our mask rules out from under us ... jealous .
whether or not it works depending on the people involved .
i do n't see how sexual orientation would affect anything .
i 'm assuming you can store it in the fridge until it 's time to go to school but after that what 's the deal ?
if not how many hours will you hold it at room temperature ?
gameplay is more boring and uninteresting than half life 1 and that game released in november 19 1998
just look at this video and remind yourself that this game was released in 1998 and developed probably since 1996 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3rcklktkup4
i 'm in my 30s now but met cc when i was a kid .
to this day i remember how nice he was to me .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hackers if you have any questions or concerns .
a table at my friends house has these folding sides with handles on them .
i 've seen tables with sides that fold down to make the table smaller but never one that folds up .
wondering what the purpose of this is if anyone has any info it would be appreciated .
fuck those aunts they sure have a special place in hell awaiting them .
i do n't have the base stations i mainly bought it because the fact that was headset only with high fov and resolution .
you might be lucky picking those up from ebay or locally i 'd recommend offerup .
i 'm more confused about who the one in the middle is wearing trilla 's mask
idk landing a clutch execute to fear the 2 other champs around you and turn what should have been a basic collapse into a triple for yourself is pretty damn satisfying
it 's such a great story forster is one of my favorite authors .
we created the machine to do our will but we can not make it do our will now .
it has robbed us of the sense of space and of the sense of touch it has blurred every human relation and narrowed down love to a carnal act it has paralyzed our bodies and our wills and now it compels us to worship it . ''
it 's fun for trolling at the end of the game
as a dumb doctor main i like opening a gate and just waiting for them so i can emperor palpatine them
nanomech is cool but if i have to choose the worst of the franchise it would be him
i just realized as someone else said in the comments if i make a scene where someone is congratulating me on the win that also implies fulfillment of the desire and success .
no but they will continue to go to the hospital in hopes of receiving experimental non-fda approved treatments for covid .
dungeon crawl classics ... those critical hit tables and crazy magic !
trump had a crisis plan it was thrown out by biden 's team .
there were several conditions trump had all in said plan that aimed to mitigate these potential consequences .
or just clinging to any possible reason to continue supporting this complete failure of an administration ?
honestly if the whole 'age regression ' thing goes unchecked then one day while 'fronting ' as that 'kid ' they might start hitting on other children which would be a huge no-no once they start to age .
and the other girl from what i can tell seems to be the edgy doomer depressed girl that goes to eat dinner with her family and have a good time after logging off no ?
we strongly recommend you join our official discord server !
http discord.gg/apqatng we have a list of best-prebuilt computers for your own budget !
as well as the ability to submit a ticket for your specific needs and questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/suggestapc if you have any questions or concerns .
5g is a higher frequency wave than 4g and 3g but that simply allows data to be packaged tighter but interestingly makes the light waves weaker .
3g will blaze through and around everything 4g carries more and is stopped easier 5g is the ultimate data carrying tool .
that 's why there 's so many 5g towers going up .
you need to be much closer to the signal to be able to communicate with it
it is like saying england will bring it home '' copium
i was n't aware of a second even happening in milwaukee this week ... .
i also assumed the wording of allow '' meant it would be a choice between spending influence or money .
apparently it just changes how you buy it from influence to money .
i ca n't wait to here what my friend says about this cuz he 's been waiting for fda to approve it before he gets it
we talked about it but things were still weird .
relationships always have those moments and you are only human .
as long as you apologized and seems like you made it up to her you should have no reason to doubt .
let yourself feel human emotions and if you need more reassurance just ask her !
yeah ... maybe it 's not necessary the fact that eva 00 looses control and attacks gendo makes me think that it has part of a soul like in the original series ...
i mean it showed animosity towars something and they decided to put that in the rebuild
i 've never been in a situation like that and i did n't know how to respond .
he did n't know they were in there until he came in and started looking at shit
g\*mers are holding society back and must be stopped .
g\*mers can not submit threads but will still be able to comment on them .
g mers found violating this rule may receive a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/banvideogames if you have any questions or concerns .
what are you gon na do if your son drops out ?
figured why buy something to have it sit in the box to slowly expire the warranty and expire the return policy while i build the room ?
i found a local dealer with a good price so looking to do that .
i have a few when i moved out on my own and could n't afford cable/internet i only owned a few movies on dvd shrek i am legend shark tales lotr all of em just a few i can always watch
dark counterpart to shakespeare/heisen primarily used on dark watanabe and 21 .
note that luna has her own personal memories so she does n't need it .
also between the camera cuts that pov fallow camera disappeared really quick .
if you do n't fully understand the process of something then just admit it and be like so i think it 's like this but do n't quote me '' .
when it 's your turn to present make sure you are able to describe your progress .
my fuess i 'd they probably put you on those to maybe get you into the loop .
i just heard about another sighting of little green men with big eyes .
yeah i put in lots of effort and just was n't that successful at it and that 's ok .
i 've learned that not everyone is great at everything and sometimes you luck out .
poor little guy must be afraid of fucking everything .
could you imagine one wild night and you get to up your sex partner count by 8
can hope in future to get anita and roger then have them do group task of walking around the park or the famous pongo dunking roger in the pond .
i really enjoy your artwork and comics i hope we get to keep seeing more !
that looks like it has been sitting out overnight and it looks like they are missing a few ingredients .
before reading the whole thing i thought it was going to be lined with thumb-tacks like one i 've seen before .
could have a whole set of varying punishment levels .
and now the hamster in my head is picking up speed .
i honestly think it 's because most people invested in crypto do n't actually understand all that much about it and so they gravitate toward cutesy marketing/image bs like you see with sundaeswap .
those numbers including the battery sound more polestar than lucid .
so you want users to access a 3rd party application from your aws application ?
do you have control or governance over the application and how authentication is handled for this other app ?
also how are you handling auth for your app for these users currently ?
if i deserve a day off work i need to know about it .
oh no ... am i an idiot too ? !
bro hit him with the he 's stuck as a background character way better
i love when my gf makes me wear fishnets with them too
blue sole paint on ur posted picture looks a slight bit wavy but even retails be like that
i would agree the anime season 1 and 2 is always really inconsistent with how the characters look although i guess that 's anime in general
if you have safe mode on it just gives you a message like not authorized in safe mode '' or something when you hit the safe mode filter .
there 's a separate filter to filter some of the content disallowed by latitude 's content policy https play.aidungeon.io/main/contentpolicy .
that filter is the one that gives the the ai does n't know how to handle this situation '' message .
have you not thought about group therapy for the family .
there has to be a way to resolve this situation .
i 'm going to try putting down a tarp or hay weeds are such a buzzkill .
well at least she had a nice butt lmao complete squash match with no entrance
it 's legit booming as hard as tpg  so it 's like 6 dudes hanging hanging lol 
probably would n't even be able to see it .
it would happen so quickly we 'd all just suddenly die .
but if by chance we did n't die instantly i 'd probably just stare .
the 3 straps make a huge difference for me in keeping the shoe on my foot .
there are 3 points where it holds my foot into the shoe so that has been my fix .
i do n't like back straps since i have a herniated disc in back and bending over to adjust straps is not comfortable some days .
for whateve reason the arizonas are my worst fitting birk ... ..bostons and floridas are fine .
narrow arizona i 'm just making it regular/wide are like boats/duck shoes on me .
i was looking at their wireless gaming keyboards and mice ... but they were out of stock .
i believe you 'd get your ass kicked saying something like that .
this has been posted on this sub at least 628293729293729927382929 times
yes i got called australian and well that 's fine as i am !
alas i probably wo n't need the jacket in sydney !
monomi signed an exclusivity deal with xbox so the game is xbox x and pc only .
cus i ca n't explain your mountaneous stupidity without you having a genetic defect due to inbreeding or something .
oh hoonnneeyyyyy i played octopath traveller so i am definitely going to play this for sure !
blaming your willpower means you do n't want to which is different from not being able to though
yes with the full reourcess of the entire galaxy it should be relatively simple
i can imagine faye still throwing a drink right after an apology too loool
but the wild area is where they put any level design .
the routes look fine but are linear short and few in quantity .
there 's only a few towns without much to do .
the areas besides the wild area look nice not amazing but nice but the wild area is where most of the game is so it deserves harsher scrutiny for more art direction level design and graphical fidelity
your post has been removed because you did not include a correct tag at the beginning of your title .
without this i 'm not able to assign the appropriate flair .
please re-submit your post with one of the following tags in the title .
your post will also be removed if the title is in all caps or if there are less than 3 words in the title not including the tag .
if you 're unsure of what tag to use then question or discussion would probably work for most borderline cases .
free release new tweaks that have just been released or submitted that are free
paid release new tweaks that have just been release or submitted that are paid
discussion jailbreak related discussions where anyone can give their opinion .
for example favorite/recommended tweaks tweak concepts tweak configurations etc .
question or help troubleshooting jailbreak or tweak related issues and questions
request requests for a tweak to be made or updated
note if you wish to use multiple tags please do not split '' your tags like this question/discussion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jailbreak if you have any questions or concerns .
bo3 is an even more spectacular mess because the story is n't in the campaign .
the actual story is in this fast scrolling text at the start of every level you need to freeze to understand which you can only actually do by pausing a video recording .
so the actual game you play is a dream and is quite bad and makes no sense and the real story is quite cool but you 've got zero chance to know it unless you read the wiki .
the game never even mentions this you have to find out online to know about that
i guess at most it was an attempt at an attempted robbery .
i just wanted another rasengan that would actually be useful boruto strike can deadass just not hit and vanishing rasengan has the same problem rasengan-shuriken has .
it 's really easy to dodge even unintentionally but i do agree with this !
just got a puppy he 's a handful but i love the little dude
they tried but had to stop the trials of the pill because men complained about mood swings depression anxiety everything we have to put up with ...
i think my issue is that because my feelings are dismissed or he tells me its just a joke i am constantly on edge about what he will next deem as just a joke or not that big regarding other women and i have become controlling as a result which isnt okay
here 's a simple solution quit watching clickbait youtube videos just enjoy the movie when it arrives .
y'know that really popular video with over a million views ?
that means 7.8 billion of us did n't watch it .
i looked at a load of different ones before i got this one a few years back ... i struggled between black and silver though 
also ... if you do n't practice using the pinky it 's going to be hard to use the pinky when you really need it
hopefully you did n't lose it in the glitch .
i 'll hold onto them for a few days if you want
and yea ill be buying my supplies in crypto using the coinbase card and preferably for crypto straight up .
yeah we are getting a kaido flashback soon probably so save your complaints until we actually explore his character
like methadone this lasts a long time where fentanyl lasts 2 hour .
ion think i 'll forget about it trust me but yeah never doing that again .
i 'll give you 12k man 15k whatever you want i need to get rid of caps please
i think you should consider whether the boston basher makes the game better or worse .
the only arguement i can think of that it makes the game worse is that a noob medic may prioritize healing a scout who keeps damaging himself instead of healing their team .
however a good medic will heal their injured team rather than a scout .
so i do n't think there 's any problem with the boston basher .
also who gives a shit what valve intended '' .
if the boston basher 's ubercharge utility was a problem or valve did n't like it being used that way then valve would have nerfed it .
i think the boston basher is a really unique weapon with a ton of interesting potential uses so i have no problem with it .
what if you do n't love your parents ? what if you dont have parents ? ? ?
kinda a privileged position you'ev put yourself in there bub .
such a shame that your compassion and tolerance are attacked
if that was true we 'd still have slaves and governmental racism but guess what we do n't
i got the impression that he was a scapegoat '' in chicago .
okay so i wanted to do this a while ago and i quickly found out it 's a bloody pain .
what i 've done is go to a youtube channel called blueberrytv they 've edited the streams and povs into roughly 30 minute videos so it 's like a tv show .
if you 're only here for the lore you can skip to season 1 episode 12 i think it is whichever one starts up the disc war but since you 're new you 'll want to at least watch the first episode .
nobody believes that i ca n't believe you believe that .
i can do the same thing for your beliefs make the world socialism and everything is magically perfect and give everyone a vaccine and covid stops mutating and the world is absolutely perfect right ?
i do n't think you believe that to those extremes i respect your beliefs can you respect ours instead of treating them as stereotypes and jokes ?
teaching white kids they are inherently bad is racism period .
and i do n't think the vaccine is necessarily bad i hope people get through the side effects and maybe it helps them but it 's not for me and that 's ok .
i have a good immune system i had covid and for me it was barely the sniffles .
it should be up to an individual 's immune system as to what they need right ?
we do n't give everyone inhalers so they can breathe better we give those who need it and choose it inhalers .
why ca n't the same apply to vaccines if someone needs it because they 're immune compromised or they choose it cool i 'm all for that .
i 'd still rather not be knocked back to be honest
here is a page on how the perpetual mechanic works .
i just had a road trip though manitoba saskatchewan and alberta .
you can tell the sk/mb border just by seeing how mask use changes .
in mb 90 usage but west of us virtually nobody based on my stops anyway .
ofc when he acts like a capitalist he 'll get called out for it
your original point was somehow that spending capital gained while existing within a capitalist system means you ca n't be a socialist .
it just shows either your age ignorance or jealousy .
i do n't wan na deal with customers unless i 'm making a lot more .
and the competitor warehouses in my area pay the same or less than i 'd make at amazon .
plus i got a nice you do n't fuck with me i wo n't fuck with you '' vibe with the higher ups at my fc currently so i 'd rather not walk into some new shit show for mental health reasons .
i 'm sure you 're the kind of person people flock to you seem like a real genuine and quality human
instead of it being her not wanting to go to yours are you sure it is n't she wants to go to hers ?
is there something wrong with her family or her family say they need help looking after the kids ?
that i am addicted to half and half snd artificial sweeteners .
i own a bakery it 's own set of sugar issues and have wild hours so i drink way too much .
i could n't stand coffee at first but i am enjoying it now with coconut milk but it took me ... maybe 20 days to get to that point .
should n't this loser be paying the tolls and the not citizens of longmont ?
looks like a combination of cyclo midas rex criterion and whatever skins make up the hood and chest .
a lot of people here think the pogba deal is all about the money or that he absolutely wants to leave .
i think it 's pretty likely that pogba generates rumors about leaving because he wants leverage in contract negotiations but that does n't necessarily means he wants to leave united and secondly what i think really decides his future is the performance of the club .
pogba is a world class player in his prime years and has every right to be playing for a top side in europe .
united are currently somewhere between that and losing finals to villarreal and struggling for top 6 .
it makes absolute perfect sense that he is playing the wait and see game and i 'm surprised how many people are convinced he definitely wants out .
buy amg gt buy a nice flat work as a psychatrist after the study .
normal life ok maybe the car is an overkill .
a lot of these comments are suggesting you break the lease but that really impacts your credit and your future chances of getting an apartment .
you 've already been in the lease for a month and she 'll be pregnant for the next 9 .
if you 're willing to deal with a new born for 2 months save up all your money and get the fuck out of there .
do n't be afraid to contact your landlord company and see if there 's options for you as well .
w*man on cum subredit how do u now what cum is ?  guys she probaly thinks its peeriod or type of sanwich  lol r/murderedbywords
love the aa25ffr look at my trade post fo interested in anything
well i think it 's fair to say that we cant say we are environmentalists when we live the way most of us do .
95 of americans drive new cars this alone is pretty wasteful .
it 's pretty easy to grow plants and it 's a fun hobby .
puppet with a mix of ansible/awx but we 're gearing to replace puppet with saltstack .
ah perfect yes for a 350lbs man of your height 7 pounds in ten days is within the realm of normal .
if you were 160 lbs and 5'7 i 'd be concerned
revenge pornography is a rampant issue in nsfw subreddits and we would like to remove any or all content that is non-consensual or posted without the knowledge of the participants .
if you believe this post is revenge porn then please report it or send a message to the mods by clicking here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2findianbabes subject '' https www.reddit.com/r/indianbabes/comments/p8v957/i_want_your_cum_all_over_my_curvy_punjabi_body ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/indianbabes if you have any questions or concerns .
i would n't even consider selling that unless you had to .
we would need more info to come up with an estimate .
all the srbs should be in s because more boosters tm
your post was removed because it looks like you are begging for upvotes and comments and is considered vote manipulation thus breaking reddit rules .
if you think your post was removed by mistake contact the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/homemadensfw if you have any questions or concerns .
and i think it 's really stupid that you guys do that .
most of us do n't live among actors and actresses and super models .
we want to know how attractive we are to people on average in our everyday life .
if you are just not happy then go to where you are happy .
could not recover anymore and get out of the loop .
they 'll make the playoffs but francis still blew it .
there 's no chance they are a stanley cup contender like vegas and they did n't even gain a bunch of assets either .
to view them use the saucenao https saucenao.com website .
except what she believes ' can turn on a fucking dime .
i took the redpill and became the ultimate alpha male .
apparently vitalik thinks eth will be 30k eoy and charles thinks ada will be 150 eoy
and she 's going on international travel so it all fits perfectly
do you think i 'm saying i want dees fans to miss out on proper celebrations ?
cos that 's definitely not what i was saying .
i did some maths and it actually comes out slightly cheaper to do a bundle rather than buying the packs on sale if you are planning to get ep gp sp anyways that is .
after reading 'i bought it ' i did n't have to read further .
it 's your property do what you like and charge who you like to use it that 's literally the whole point of owning property .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/spainpolitics if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly zenitsu fighting in his sleep is just one of the most badass things in the whole show so for me it wins by default .
i did n't find any posts that meet the matching requirements for r/dankmemes .
things such as jpeg artifacts and cropping may impact the results .
report false negative https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20negative message post_id '' p8otmu '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com ? postid=p8otmu samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=true filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=97 targetimagememematch=92
apply for repost hunter here https forms.gle/jki9xzh3r2fwhicua and join our project to make dankmemes entirely original content !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
i love them they are sometimes a little awkward but that usually makes them funnier to me
i 'm a kiwi living in melbourne and we 've spent most of the last year or so in various states of lockdown .
can you explain how your government has failed you ?
from here it looks like they 've done a great job and nz has been more or less business as usual after that first month .
i think we need to start ridiculing adherents to crt .
a lot on the time they are totally preposterous .
atm in my life i have all of the following happen in the last month and a half
parents blaming me for the divorce because of my relationship .
starting uni again in a month and really trying to get my gf to get back together with me before i leave long distance .
trying to save money for uni and now child .
you seem to have not much experience in writing yet .
in general who 's the main character of your story ?
what happens to this main character and what problems will they have ?
goal is to break it down into 2-3 sentences else you do n't have a story .
apart from that are you sure you want to write 4 years after the apocalypse ?
instead of apologizing for the liar aware should condemn her in the strongest possible terms since it is those false accusers that will do the most damage to what they are doing .
hyuna with blue hair is a look i did n't know i needed in life
sozial erwnschte antwort du gehst von den 70 aus .
wen du auf die strae gehst und die leute fragst ob sie sich eh brav zweimal am tag die zhne putzen findest wahrscheinlich keinen einzigen oder sehr wenige die nein sagen .
tja geh mal zu einem zahnarzt und frag den .
aus dem selben grund haben rechte parteien auch immer ein besseres ergebnis als prognostiziert .
because people will often stay silent about their personal discomfort barriers to pvp should be high and avenues to escape it easily accessed .
i definitely agree that it needs to be discussed beforehand and not dived into spur of the moment because it was very jarring .
i mean that 's like saying sailor moon does n't have good male representation and that the male characters do n't do enough .
the show is explicitly designed to be there for boys primarily .
and while i would agree that the sexualisation is bad mha is way way below the cultural standard .
mha is very much a stepped improvement of it 's peers and i do n't think that should be criticised specifically if being criticised as part of the culture as a whole that 's fine however
irrelevant if speed was an issue there would n't be the boost at all .
the game does n't limit where you can use the speed boost .
and you can travel a good distance with full intrinsic .
cd have no way of knowing where and when your 're going to start the speed boost .
meaning they would n't know what issues it would potentially cause with rendering at any given moment .
yet speed boost and rendering the game in front of thor has n't been an issue since day 1 .
464 49 comments r/hiphopheads/comments/p7umir/fresh_abra_unlock_it_feat_playboi_carti 91 fresh 93 abra unlock it 40 feat .
playboi carti 41 https open.spotify.com/track/4eoziih7smusdyiw8y011f ? si=8fecdb801b4f46dd sp https open.spotify.com/track/4eoziih7smusdyiw8y011f ? si=8fecdb801b4f46dd am https music.apple.com/us/album/unlock-it-feat-playboi-carti/1578544212 dzr https www.deezer.com/track/1447142862 sc https soundcloud.com/darkwaveduchess/unlock-it-feat-playboi-carti yt https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=pstf343b6g0 ytm https music.youtube.com/browse/mpreb_qt5kqzyxn5e
73 11 comments r/hiphopheads/comments/p7uop8/fresh_big_boi_sleepy_brown_the_big_sleep_is_over 91 fresh 93 big boi sleepy brown the big sleep is over https open.spotify.com/track/1eqctjorjbnrt4rxxda7lf ? si=13txngqmsywcgvwy2vlyqw dl_branch=1 sp https open.spotify.com/track/1eqctjorjbnrt4rxxda7lf ? si=13txngqmsywcgvwy2vlyqw dl_branch=1 am https music.apple.com/us/album/the-big-sleep-is-over/1580740531 dzr https www.deezer.com/track/1461102852 sc https soundcloud.com/big-boi/the-big-sleep-is-over ytm https music.youtube.com/watch ? v=xyynann8qjo feature=share
57 9 comments r/hiphopheads/comments/p7vb1j/fresh_in_the_dark_swae_lee_feat_jhen_aiko 91 fresh 93 in the dark swae lee feat .
jhen aiko https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=smqeo5mj0ec sp https open.spotify.com/track/4zb2yazyphi6shdfppt9sa am https music.apple.com/us/album/in-the-dark/1581514574 sc https soundcloud.com/user-804230125/swae-lee-jhene-aiko-in-the-dark yt https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=smqeo5mj0ec
45 1 comments r/hiphopheads/comments/p7vb81/fresh_common_when_we_move_feat_black_thought 91 fresh 93 common when we move 40 feat .
black thought 41 https music.apple.com/us/album/when-we-move-feat-black-thought-seun-kuti/1578951447 ? i=1578951773 sp https open.spotify.com/track/0aaeuirlp7s4v42wfnqtsg am https music.apple.com/us/album/when-we-move-feat-black-thought-seun-kuti/1578951447 ? i=1578951773 dzr https www.deezer.com/track/1449984682 ytm https music.youtube.com/browse/mpreb_1e0nwvr0mmb
36 1 comments r/hiphopheads/comments/p7vna3/fresh_kari_faux_too_much_too_fast_feat_deante 91 fresh 93 kari faux too much too fast 40 feat .
deante ' hitchcock 41 https open.spotify.com/track/5oxsympfgaleqyh4pvuhlm ? si=a87d9d49c1c04908 sp https open.spotify.com/track/5oxsympfgaleqyh4pvuhlm ? si=a87d9d49c1c04908 am https music.apple.com/us/album/too-much-too-fast-feat-deante-hitchcock/1579791704 dzr https www.deezer.com/track/1442416052 sc https soundcloud.com/karifaux/too-much-too-fast-feat-deante yt https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=oje-zvqu6le ytm https music.youtube.com/watch ? v=oje-zvqu6le feature=share
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/digitalitems art imitates art my first minted nft x-post from r\/rarible https www.reddit.com/r/digitalitems/comments/p8otdi/art_imitates_art_my_first_minted_nft_xpost_from
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
it also happened this year once during spring and another time in june ?
sure they seem like they 're trolling but they 're perpetuating that the vic gov is worse than the taliban .
they even underlined the r at the end as if to say nah not with an a with a hard r '' .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/digitalitems feg music theme 1\/1 audio nft x-post from r\/rarible https www.reddit.com/r/digitalitems/comments/p8otdt/feg_music_theme_11_audio_nft_xpost_from_rrarible
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
i barely have any games where he is banned lol
i mean his control of hakai is kinda shitty .
why does his daughter have to get rid of stuff ?
she already lost her old room and her house now she has to give up her stuff just to fit it in her room ?
she should n't have to lose her stuff like he should n't have to lose his bedroom ?
the room does n't fit the 9 year old because she has more stuff than he does .
it does make sense to give the child who lives there full time the bigger room than the child who does n't .
he def an asshole for how he handle this all .
tests and quizzes should be formatted to most clearly ask the question .
if this question is a choose all that apply it should use checkboxes instead of single selection multiple choice .
if you do n't want to change the formatting an additional answer needs to be added which is e .
as much as i like to do it it is actually best not to do it every day .
may i ask how many grams you smoke a day ?
i can easily burn through 1.6g a day but go home for a while to take breaks
not really sure what you mean by that or what you are referring to .
you can use whatever you want to vaporize n n-dmt .
a bong herb pipe evape ejuice rigs dab rigs and many other things .
it 's just i do n't have access to naphtha either .
either it is called a c9 solvent in my area or that 's the closest alternative .
c9 could be refering to nonane which could be used .
paint thinner is not an appropriate alternative is it ?
depends on what it contains and if it is clean enough
some lighter fluids can be use but again it depends on what it contains and how clean it is .
check the msds/sds for each one and do an evaporation test on them .
you can make a post in one of the n n-dmt subreddits if you want to .
post a link to the product an msds/sds and a pic of the results from an evap test .
in een mindere maar even diepgaande manier is het nog altijd zo dat het mentale deel van zorgen vaak bij de vrouw ligt ja ja er zijn uitzonderingen .
dat als de baby verschoont moet worden de man dat wel wil doen maar steeds moet vragen waar de luiers liggen en hoe veel poeder je moet gebruiken en zo .
en dan is het net zo makkelijk zelf te doen .
ik vraag me af hoe veel mensen zonder problemen de zorg van een kind op zich kunnen nemen als de partner opeens erg ziek is zonder dat er echt veel dingen in de soep lopen .
reclames over de klungelige sukkelende man als die een was moet draaien of zo helpen ook niet mee .
nope i 'm a us citizen no desire to move back .
better quality of life in the uk money is good enough politics somewhat less toxic do n't worry about my kids getting shot in school decent healthcare for everybody .
do n't see a lot of attraction to the us for my personal situation .
i think in terms of rarity or exclusivity nothing can beat a koenigsegg except for pagani or classic ferraris .
i still have to go with the koenigsegg but this zagato also looks stunning and i really like the paint job on this one
how about i play an uno reverse and it was my last card i win
i think their point is that young children had a smaller investment from society for education while an educated adult cost hundreds of thousands in taxes for school and university .
so a 30 year old with a masters degree cost society more than a 5 year old .
while that is technically correct it is disgusting to think like that .
i honestly felt the true spiritual successor to that film was balls of fury 2007 .
i check for it daily i have n't received it yet .
fyi they have a new menu going on there .
buffet style except the chef fills your plate for covid safety .
back in the day when i was in high school that o'charley 's used to always be hopping .
of course that was nearly 20 years ago now lol .
ksu and it 's students take up more of kennesaw now than they did 20 years ago .
cardoid lavaliers lapel mics are also about https www.dpamicrophones.com/lavalier-microphones directional-headsets
but yeah you 've got some options by the sounds of it .
it 's a ritual to get the halo game at midnight and then play the campaign with friends until we beat it on the first night .
i do n't even think i will play a solo campaign .
i am also worried about the overall game if they could n't figure this shit out with a whole extra year .
seems like a shit show over there and i know this would be unacceptable in any other industry .
that said multiplayer is the bread and butter of halo .
that 's what has carried this franchise and kept me playing for 20 years .
from lan parties xbc xbl to mlg i have seen it all and put in 1000s of hours .
if they nail the multiplayer and have to release the game piecemeal for whatever reason i can chalk it up to the changing times marketing and a new generation of gamers .
i just hope and expect whatever they do release to be smooth af .
this could be worth a try in the g hub software make sure that the polling rate is set to 1000 hz .
in addition in the advanced settings check if the fusion engine is enabled and toggle that setting to the opposite value .
magistrates court and vcat are operating in lockdowns in vic
the dude is supposed to be the next the miz but he 's been no show for two weeks !
this looks like watching your 80 year old grandpa running
facing a lot of challenges is part of having ldr but for me and my bf we usually see the positive side of our relationship .
also when we feel discouraged and frustrated we always go back to the reasons why we stayed together despite the distance .
and one day this ldr thingy will be part of the past .
and a great story to tell with our future children .
in the same women are more likely to empathize with other women black people will empathize more with other black people and chinese people will empathize more chinese .
hell rich people will empathize more with rich people and poor people will with poor .
firstly the person seems to be obviously just roleplaying and also supports endogenic systems although i do n't know if they 're endogenic or not which is also a red flag .
he was my most listened to artist on spotify last year !
i submitted this before but i was told by the mod to resubmit !
i was a passionate christian all my life until last year when covid allowed me space and time to see the irreparable flaws in the religion .
my siblings who both came out as lgbt are apparently evil '' and should suffer eternally for being different .
masks are n't a part of the ten commandments so many from my old church hurt others and themselves with their stupidity and pride .
god is all powerful and can influence anything but allows genocides plagues slavery and wars ... but he 's perfectly good and just because we said so .
i probably stole a snicker 's bar when i was 8 or looked at a girl lustfully before knowing what lust '' was so i 'm going to suffer for an eternity of eternities without the church 's help .
not tithing is a sin even if you 're poor and god will pay you back '' .
now i 'm kind of an agnostic or maybe a deist .
i believe in souls of living creatures and i wonder if there was intelligent design but that 's about it .
i 'm not trying to trash on your beliefs but see if they hold against scrutiny .
deep down i want that purpose and community again but i wo n't let myself be fooled again to get it !
the baha'i teachings i 've been exposed to so far about adapting to science accepting diversity and fighting for equality are fantastic !
but my previous exposure to religion makes me wary .
if abraham and moses are prophets why do they have backwards beliefs about lgbt about killing people for petty crimes like saying the name yhwh or believing different things ?
no prophet of a good god would preach prejudice barbarity elitism and totalitarianism right ?
if science were to contradict any of your teachings would your holy books be modified ?
if they can be proven wrong would n't they not have been divinely inspired ?
does the fact that science has proven much of genesis wrong mean that moses wrote false uninspired things ?
if humanity is essentially good why do we have humans performing acts of ultimate depravity ?
why is all of human society dominated by elites of some form ?
why is genocide a more constant force in history than education equality or charity ?
if god is essentially good why would he allow limitless evil to exist ?
how could a god be anything but evil if he can intervene but does n't ?
i 'd love to have a discussion in the comments or pm about these beliefs .
i became interested with the religion after reading this excellent article https www.bahai.org/documents/essays/arbab-dr-farzam/living-rapidly-changing-society-transition-maturity https www.bahai.org/documents/essays/arbab-dr-farzam/living-rapidly-changing-society-transition-maturity .
this religion seems to be the first i 've ever seen that may be objectively good for humanity but i want to learn more before making that claim .
ive been playing the game for the longest time and its been working perfectly up until i got to the orb '' chapter of the game .
after the loading '' sign it only shows a black screen and plays the audio .
i tried pressing m which is supposed to show the notes moving around still nothing .
i even tried starting a new game and weirdly enough the game works after the loading '' sign .
for the heck of it i downloaded penumbra to see if the black screen issue carries to other games but penumbra seems to be working just fine .
he 's been in aaa for a week or so now it feels like .
should i expect him back by the next home stand ?
just excited to get the team back to full strength .
on old.reddit.com i have tried to add myself to a couple of ping groups .
however i receive the error message user does n't accept direct messages .
of course i try to use the chat feature and it does n't let me message groupbot stating that this user does not accept chat requests . ''
for years in the middle east shi'as has been presecuted .
they killed his father purely because he prayed different from everybody else .
now many malaysians do n't understand that taliban will view every muslim in malaysia including pas hardliners as apostates and infidels because of miniscule dumb reasons .
malaysian supporting taliban goes to show how many folks in our country has blind sheep mentality .
they support them because of they 're an islamic government overthrowing the west '' without realising the conflict in afghanistan began because pakistan exported extremist into afghanistan to destabilize it .
america came in purely because of the soviet union and pakistan was then an american ally yes i agree america screwed it up even more
but of course in malaysia you vote for leaders because of race religion and whether they pray properly on national tv and not because of what they offer .
and honestly pas should seize to exist at this point .
i hate to say this might be my white whale .
i got injured the day before the new york concert and could n't go ... .
my family constantly misgenders me and calls me by the wrong name they constantly say i 'll always be there daughter/niece and that all they are in me is a woman i was outed by my therapist and she basically told them i was going by max and he/him they my parents freaked out and yelled at me in the family session to which she my therapist did nothing but say the situation is escalating she 's constantly pushing on me that i 'm actually bigender and not ftm despite my fruitless attempts to communicate my dysphoria and how i want to be the opposite sex but i am in denial of it a lot due to an unsupportive environment no one seems to see me as a man i just want to kill myself but then i would be remembered as a female and that fills me with unease so i 'm basically stuck in this suffer loop anyways what do i do i 'm in a extremely unsupportive environment and it 's constant
united a 6/10 heroic alliance guild on the connected realms azjol-nerub blackrock khaz modan muradin nordrassil is recruiting for more people to join our progression oriented team !
our raids are tuesday and thursday 7:30 pm 9:30 pm server time mountain standard .
with a short time to raid during the week we value our raid time and do take it seriously but that does n't mean we do n't have fun !
we have a bunch of people that play all the different aspects of the game .
we believe in bring the player not the class .
as long as you are having fun and performing well that is all that matters to us .
so i was wondering recently if there are any good ghost stories set in the future .
i was able to come up with just one jason x .
so i was wondering what are some good paranormal horror movies not extraterrestrial extra-dimensional or eldritch horror movies set in the future ?
an alert on connery just finished and was completely fucked by one player who was killing people through the floor with a knife .
this was going on for at least the last 20 mins of the alert despite several dozen people minimum reporting the player .
by what standard is this total lack of response acceptable ?
title explains it i 'm not good at explanations .
i 'm just sick of alpha '' dudes flaunting his dominance by saying they make the money so the wife should shut up .
my dad was terrible when i grew up and my mum gave me strength to continue living .
she stayed for the kids if she had divorced and separated she could 've done a lot more things for herself but she did n't she stayed for us .
measuring your contributions using money is unfair especially since a lot of people do n't realize that they wo n't be able to make nearly as much money if somebody else does n't take care of the details in their lives .
but if all you give to your children is money and no love you will not be half the man you are .
and also you can find more coupon codes deals discounts promo codes on there .
is anyone else pissed off that garret did n't get to keep the money ?
looking for recommendations on upgraded sway bar kits for my 2001 subaru legacy wagon .
i have installed obs websocket using the windows installer and it is not showing up in the tools section on obs .
i was wondering if there is a fix for this ?
so i 'm at the grocery store minding my own asexual business .
there 's a hetero fronting couple in front of me .
the guy is pushing the cart and the girl is next to him .
but then she proceeds to stick her finger in his crack .
he tries to get her to stop and she looks at me again and does it again .
also you can use the site search to find any coupons you want .
tldr mom worries about my future and wants what 's best for me even though he 's an amazing boyfriend .
so my mom is amazing she 's extremely accepting and kind and is always looking out for me .
almost a year ago i met an awesome guy online and we clicked it 's like we 're made for each other we 're constantly talking about our future together and i 'm head over heels for this guy .
we 're long distance and still have n't met face to face due to the pandemic and borders not being open .
tonight when we were talking about children and making jokes and she said well you do n't know what 'll happen maybe you 'll meet a nice boy or someone and change your mind.
i kinda stopped for a bit because she knows about my boyfriend and asks about him every now and then .
to which she said well is he adamant about children ?
and i explained that he 's very respectful of me and my choice to have children that i get the final say and that he 's happy as long as i 'm there .
then she started asking about if he got a bank account yet which he 's working on if he 's looked at going to college if he 's tried to look at better jobs if he 's gotten a phone yet .
i was n't expecting all of that and i did n't really know what to say since he said he was working on it he has a lot going on in his life and it 's not fair of me to nag him about stuff when he 's stressed enough .
i try to kind of play it off like maybe it 's a joke or something but then she says that she does n't want to see me struggle or end up living off food stamps .
i understand that she 's worried about me and i 'm worried about that stuff too but we 're both still trying to figure everything out .
i 'm trying to get a job and figure out everything with finishing college and he 's trying to work on his license while also working .
my boyfriend has a lot of anxiety over my family liking him or worrying that they wo n't think he 's good enough .
i always told him that that will never be the case and that they 'll love him but now i do n't know .
i 'm worried that maybe they wo n't and i 'll have to choose between him and my family .
he 's made me feel happier than i 've felt in years he 's there for me when i cry and i do the same for him .
he sees my family as if they were his own .
while he may not be a supermodel or the hottest guy in my moms eyes he 's the sweetest and most caring person i 've ever met and i do n't want to lose that .
i do n't know how to go about this i 've dreamed of my future with him but my mom is starting to make me doubt if it 'll really be as perfect as i imagined it to be .
please help i do n't know what to do .
i do n't wan na spend any money on this game because from what i 've heard/seen it 's been run into the ground .
but that does n't mean i ca n't find enjoyment in it still .
i have a habit of 100 everything i play .
also side question where the flip is the daily chest in this new update did they just flat out remove it .
i grew up in a multi generational sort of pentecostal church .
i say sort of ... because they would not tell me what the denomination of the church was .
my father insisted it was non-denominational for over a decade but eventually conceded it was pentecostal with mixed teachings of assembly of god and church of ... something or another .
the whole thing was run by my grandfather and the congregation was composed of family members and old family friends lucky to hit double digits every sunday .
it had very strong views on homosexuality faith healing and speaking in tongues .
my grandfather died before i could really get to know him but my sister filled me in on some things before my time .
he used to be a janitor at a school but was fired for not kidding laying his hands on a girl in special ed and trying to exercise the demons from her .
i have autism and they tried to do the same thing to me several times .
everyone would form a circle they would put olive oil on my forehead lay hands on me and grandpa would start reciting a prayer .
i did n't think much of it at the time but retrospectively that was weird .
the analytical part of me grabbed onto several contradictions early on that did n't have satisfying answers .
i felt like less of a christian or that i was somehow failing because i had doubts i could n't get rid of .
later on when i started to figure out i 'm gay it just got worse .
i barely knew what being gay meant but years of indoctrination told me to hate it .
it took a couple years to sort out the cognitive dissonance .
i 'm now a happy gay atheist with a much healthier worldview .
that was a bit of a ramble but i hope someone gleams something good from it .
just install it register and complete your profile and you will get the 200 sb !
we 're planning our irrigation setup for next year because we 're tired of manually watering everything .
we 've got a rain barrel because we do get a lot of rain in spring but in summer it 's pretty dry so we 'll need to use the hose .
is there a device i can hook up both my hose and my barrel 's pump to that will select which to draw from ?
if the barrel is empty use the hose otherwise use the barrel '' type decision making ?
i 'm sure there 's some sort of valve that can do that based on water pressure or some electronic switch .
i just have no idea what to search for .
this is the 167636th time i made this shitty comment .
anyone else have a playlist that gets them pumped up for some agonizing stressful long drives in the mud ?
there 's this chunk of cement maybe 6 ' x 4 ' that is missing from a road near me .
it 's about 3 inches deep with no ramp supportjust a straight cut .
i hit that gd thing for a second time tonight .
as soon as i realized it was 20 feet in front of me there was a car riding my ass and another car in the other lane .
of course we were the only 3 cars for a half mile .
things were fine after the first time hopefully will be fine again .
ps i 'm not driving back to my house down that road for a long while .
the best time to buy vny was 3 weeks ago .
 we 're posting this project for long time and it continue to rise .
here 's a quick view form the 1.8m mc post https www.reddit.com/r/cryptomoonshots/comments/p1lzyh/vny_token_customized_crypto_wallet_addresses_for
now we 're at 6m mc having a huge burst in price through the weekend .
it 's not your average animal planet auto fake reward type of token .
it is a real investment with a real product that is already proofed and tested .
vanity 's core is to provide custom wallet addresses .
ever wanted more than just a random string of digits as your wallet address ?
vanity also makes customized addresses for dogecoin and litecoin and will soon offer ada addresses .
wallet addresses will be available to buy through the website very soon where vny will be used as the currency .
be quick though as vny is up 6x 7x 8x in the last month .
our 1.4k 1.7k holders are a solid base and the only way is up .
transparency is at the core of vanity 's values and vny was the first applicant for everrise 's everown project giving the community contract ownership and allowing changes to the contract through voting .
vanity has been named an official partner of solidity finance who will be working with vny to deliver a secure future and still secret project for release in november .
vanity 's project has recently been featured in bsc news crypto daily and crypto news and is up 6x 7x 8x in the last month .
this is not fomo grows just healthy and organic .
be sure to visit the  telegram group to talk with the team and the community .
 in addition to protect against large dumps the contract includes an anti-whale and bot system .
 bsc scan https bscscan.com/address/0xabc69f2025bdb12efcdb8fd048d240fff943ca82 code  liquidity locked for 3 years ! !
has anyone tried buying points and then they wont appear on their account..
do i just wait and it will come through later today ?
i killed a boss monster called an unholy cursebearer in daemonheim .
hi i hope post like this are allowed here .
i bought 1/6 scale boots for 1/6 male figure off ebay but it looks like the holes in it are too small for the foot joints .
does anyone have any tips how to make it fit ?
do i need to heat up the boots with fan ?
a new revolutionary launchpad with an actual use case and development going on .
no more memecoins no more rugpulls be part of something that will eventually replace dxsale .
hyperlaunch is a deflationary and passive yield generating defi project geared toward the development of hyperlaunch our decentralized presale platform that will enable defi projects to launch their presale funding campaigns at a lower cost .
hyperlaunch is our custom developed presale application designed to simplify defi project presale campaigns .
it functions as a standalone application that enables projects to launch their presale funding campaigns at a lower cost because we know an intuitive and easy process is key for a smooth launch .
hyperlaunch will also integrate with our hypergate exchange to create a smooth and seamless sales process .
hyperlaunch will be phase one of our ecosystem development with the development to begin shortly after our presale campaign .
our tokenomics are simple and designed to support the best interest of our holders and the project success .
from each transaction 2 is automatically sent to the burn wallet to decrease the total supply supporting an increasing price floor while 4 is returned to our holders as a passive staking reward for holding .
additionally 4 from each transaction is sent to the marketing development wallet to ensure we have the funds to successfully develop and market the application .
join us on telegram https t.me/hyperlaunchchat as we build our community .
find out the best graphics card with ryzen 7 3700x
i 'm a mixing engineer and i also do some producing .
would be up to offer some advice guidance mix review or a chat
i just read this answer https wob.coppermind.net/events/90 e5556 from sanderson and how did i not realise there were so many worldhoppers ? ? ?
when i read this sub i 'm always surprised at how much more ya 'll catch on to things than i do .
i have a very popular pure breed female dog who i paid a pretty decent price for .
i wanted her to have one litter of puppies partly to make my money back and partly to mellow her out a little .
i ended up with 11 little pups for sale .
now i know there are a lot of shitty backyard breeders '' who mistreat their animals and are n't dedicated to producing quality animals but i did my research and like i said it was a one-time thing for me .
when rehoming time came i posted an ad on craigslist .
a very rude woman sent me a long email accusing me of exploiting my baby '' for money and basically telling me i was a terrible person .
it should n't have bothered me much but i was slightly annoyed that some total stranger had the nerve and the free time to send some rude ass email to someone they do n't know .
i considered replying to the email but i wasnt sure if she would then be able to see my contact info as she had emailed me thru the craigslist email relay .
so instead i spent the next 2 hours subscribing her email address to every online kennel and puppy mill i could find .
i made sure to check all the boxes that said contact me with news and updates '' .
i like to think that this rude bitch still gets emails about all the poor poor puppies being brought into the world solely for the money ha !
i am a covid icu nurse and have seen the worst of the worst in the past year and a half .
i have delayed my wedding ceremony for the entirety of covid because safety is my main priority .
since the surge in my state in july we asked guests to get vaccinated if they wanted to attend for their safety and everyone else 's .
multiple family members spewed misinformation and wrote us off .
others respectfully said we do n't want to get the vaccine we wo n't come best wishes .
but my future mil ... decided to be a special kind of crazy .
we gave an 8 week notice to get the vaccine she waited until the very last minute and now there is no way she could have two doses by the date of our wedding due to her own laziness .
she 's denied my personal experiences with covid in my workplace bashed me to all ends of the earth played the victim card over and over and has now started to say ...
i do n't care what you or my son want i will show up .
i do n't know how to handle this situation at this point .
she has burned the bridge completely with me and i do n't want her there strictly because of how rude and inconsiderate she has been causing me this amount of stress two weeks before my wedding day .
my fianc has defended me and made our stance clear that she failed to get her vaccine in time so her inaction has consequences she is not welcome .
we are getting married on our property and she knows the address .
do we need to go so far as to file a restraining order ?
i do n't feel like i should have to incur the cost of keeping my psycho mil off my property so she does n't start drama and ruin my day .
but i refuse to deal with her psychotic self on a day that is supposed to be joyful .
last night my ex dumped me for triggering me after i told him not to do somthing he said it was a misread i was forgiving because it was a mistake the protecter alter had to step in cause it triggered me quite badly me and the others told him mistakes happen i 'm aussming he felt bad from the multiple sorrys even after i said it was fine .
he said i 'd be better of without him which is n't true i need him in my life .
he thought i 'm gon na kms i would n't but i really wan na relaspe into my burns cuts punches etc
because i 'm like more than broken from this .
i really want to read fanfiction about some kind of demon oc isekaid into our world trying to create his own empire .
thought it was interesting to imagine what will happen .
would he just start end of the world scenario or trying to make himself ancient demon who banished into hell ?
only on episode 5 now but wow but my family and i have never seen such imbalanced challenges before including us and sa .
none of the reward challenges have a semblance of brains '' to it and the immunity challenges are mostly brawn '' challenges .
what 's the point of having an advantaged vs disadvantaged season and trying to sell it as a balanced season ?
seems like this season was planned by someone trying to promote a gym and is frankly quite insulting to smart '' people .
real question is should we keep on watching or is it just more of the same ?
i feel like people would still choose not to work
sr has never once been convicted of even jaywalking .
the man spent his entire lifetime fighting for a cause .
the fact that you think this is anywhere close to reasonable or appropriate behavior on your part is incredibly disturbing .
wanting to control your daughter 's sex life to this extent is sick pathological behavior .
he more case of favoritism if mom give sister another dress yet refuse to give him another suit .
depends on what die you have if your messing with voltages .
the current season is only amc plus released a week early just trying to figure out when it hits !
you sound like a gun nut or a teenage wanting to date an out and out drug dealer you 're not being realistic .
a lot of the western world has banned these dogs i hope one day the us can move in the same direction .
there are so many other breeds that are wonderful to have .
it still wo n't line up while apps are running across the monitors like in op 's photo but it would help 2 apps running side by side on each monitor look the same size .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ladybonersgw if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd rather spend a lively friday evening in fields corner than that bag of scallywags between fort point channel and harpoon brewery .
you can almost smell all the cocaine and jagermeister in seaport .
apart from taking my kids to richard martin 's park that whole place can fall into the ocean and make me a happier man .
edit fond memories of an accordion player playing in the boston public garden on a chilly october night with my fiance as we dreamed of our future together 14 years ago still feels just yesterday .
it has all the charm and grace of a modern bank branch in a strip mall .
but with less soul owing to the artist community that got squeezed out and took it with them .
but let me tell you how i really feel .
i got two words for ya and they ai n't happy birthday .
what do you mean my fav character lost a fake fight ?
what do you mean that it 's development to other ppv 's and ultimately wrestlemania ? ?
as noted in another comment in the thread the blue screen story is bs .
they used green screen which is how they put in all the extra structure .
i disagree but think it 's based on which you grow up on .
also it 's hard to compare teams that were built to win in completely different ways .
worked up north in canada sad thing to see an emaciated polar bear .
i made one of these with the addition of bacon recently .
i feel like your food honestly almost got handed out to a delivery order .
our store only puts stickers on delivery orders because there had been nationwide complaints of delivery drivers tampering with food .
 it 's a sticker and you 're getting fast food .
yeah when you think about it nemesis is like a good dog only wanting to please it 's master .
oni is moderate because he 's a victim of his culture yet he also definitely had the intelligence to know what he was doing was wrong and was n't in anyway apart of bushido the samurai code so i 'd say kazan is moderate .
i actually massaged to get on disability twice with just a therapist recommendation .
it probably helped that he clearly knew a lot about the process .
i 've always wondered if they have legs or they just have feet
even with the desert elite perks i peek at kq before i go into the boss room .
i 'm not trying to waste my supplies if someone found my workd in the 24 seconds it took me to rebank .
every box has a charizard in it when it sealed .
only when you open it you find out that all you got was a bunch of psyducks ... . schrdinger'scharizard theory
i think he might be around to stay in the krypt and special appearances ... .
but you 're right i 'd be very surprised if he made it to the roster of playable characters .
i seriously barely ever see him in kl ... which is why i waited so long to lab him .
i did the same way minus the silicone oil which it seems almost everyone uses for cells so i think i should try it lol
if i can find one of those that 's sounds pretty solid thanks
reddit is a discussion forum and not a reliable source for medical information .
if you are concerned with anything regarding your health speak to medical professional .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/covidvaccinated if you have any questions or concerns .
grabs gun and points at lucks head hows the fucking man with a rail gun now huh
i wish you all the best in the coming year !
i 'm sure water would have been an issue even in a wet year which this certainly is not .
the dude could get paid to have sex with the hottest chicks in the industry and he chose to rape ?
got my ba in econ from a pretty well known program .
currently working in nyc as a software product manager .
refusing to vaccinate increases your chance at death and i frankly do n't care if that happens to you .
unfortunately it has been removed because you do n't meet our karma threshold .
let me be clear the reason that this rule exists is to avoid unscrupulous internet denizens from trying to sell dong pills to our users .
r/politicalhumor mods reserve the right to hoard all of the dong pills to ourselves and we refuse to share them with the community .
if you want serbo-slokovian dong pills mailed directly to your door become a moderator .
if we shared the dong pills with the greater community everyone would have massive dongs and like syndrome warned us about decades ago if everyone has massive dongs nobody does . '' ''
if you wish to rectify your low karma issue go and make things up in r/askreddit like everyone else does .
keep in mind that sometimes just post karma or comment karma being negative will result in this message
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politicalhumor if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/titsonastick if you have any questions or concerns .
if you do n't want this post anymore or ca n't complete it respond to this comment with unclaim .
please respond with done when complete so we can check this one off the list !
i will with the plug in then pull it out and fill both holes beautiful
and that alley scenedoes make me think that he might not be killing people but i would like to be able to find out for sure .
i ca n't believe there 's not an option to ask him directly about it it would be the first thing on my mind lol .
you need to be mouth fucked until you gag and then bent over spanked and fucked raw with your spit as lube .
it is n't good lube so you 'll be forced to open your ass to make it hurt less
how dare she actually want to be an acquaintance in your life instead of someone you get to fuck ?
i 've never been kicked out of a band but i 've had to kick people out before and it sucks .
it 's like a breakup you know you need to but you still love them as a person but they 're just not right for the relationship '' .
oh yeah definitely agree but that was kinda my point .
he looked really good and that 's why i feel preseason does mean something .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/booty_queens if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've made it a morning routine to go through the meta before farming through the main .
he just does n't have an ira account and that 's where we 're stuck .
we do n't know what institution and what type of ira can provide this .
i should be surprised by the refs but i am not .
at least if you do n't have legs you can still walk after intense rounds of physical therapy .
i mean whatever rehab this kid did at a young age to walk is amazing .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post can not have first person pronouns i me my etc
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
there you go as well as everyone on this thread !
like moderna was a penny stock in 2019 now it had a high of 450 ?
should n't pfizer be about around the same price ?
her powere are mostly controlling air and stuff like that .
i 'd recommend reading the run it 's a good way to know the character .
i think he has to be an informant to be getting this much leeway right ?
this is an elephant seal they do n't even have tusks .
dude u replied to my last post to did n't u ?
i 've had one retail boss like you that did n't take shit and did n't let his employees take it either .
i 've had two jobs where i could be making more money somewhere else but my boss was so enjoyable to work for i kept job .
this attitude you have goes a long way when you are an employer .
i 'm sure your employees love and respect you .
i think that there are huge differences between air ports and golf coarses in regards to safety concerns etc that makes that comparison very silly .
ahh yes how could i forget about the absolutely free and democratic state of north korea !
i know everyone says this but people at my job literally got weird and awkward about it when they found out i was 33 .
i guess they thought i was younger but people who are actually in their 20s realize that i 'm not really one of them lol .
going to say it 's an 870 based on the manual 
be the terry you wish to have in your life .
it 's really all up to the dog and how aggressively they chew or how they treat their chews .
all new chews should be supervised to ensure they are treating them right .
i 've found my pup is really good with the filled bones peanut butter or cheese the kind you buy at the store prefilled though you should n't give dogs cooked bones '' and all that .
he prefers to hold it and work at licking out the filling and barely chews anything .
he barely chews hard and prefers more to dig things out of them .
i 'll stuff treats inside and he 'll work at it for a while until he gets everything out .
everything can be a hazard and if a pup mistreats something it should be taken away .
it 's all about teaching them to treat them correctly or lose it or find something else if they are n't learning to treat them right .
i hear people complain about people complaining i find it odd
we were shooting on mountains in 3 feet of snow she never complained or expected special treatment .
like producers stuff would take a snowcat up the mountain ... she 'd just jump on the back of one of our snowplows that are used for general crew runs .
lol i agree that basic is not an insult people should be able to like what they like .
i do hate twilight but i do n't have a dick so can i just agree to disagree and go read the brookehaven vampires instead ?
utkang5050 promised an award to whoever made a subreddit with their name
yeah you do n't have any proof of that so nice try though .
i saw that thread early on and that comment 's was even there .
you also did n't respond to the logical fallacy of claiming that one comment represents the views of the sub .
how long did the phase last with your mom ?
i guess they 're just so shameless about it that they do n't even try to hide it .
what i find hysterical is how if obama supporters did this to their cars trump supporters would see this for what it is .
it doesnt matter how good a president is you do n't see this in republics .
i do n't listen to the japanese house so i ca n't really comment on them but bea is a bit hit and miss i loved patched up and loveworm but everything she put out afterwards fell really flat .
fake it flowers is her worst project to date tbh .
you are 100 correct that there is a police problem with every aspect of this encounter .
there are a lot of conspiracy nuts in the us that comes from trying to find things that are n't there .
the person is paying to be in the hospital and to be treated .
they have the same right to medical access that they pay for as anyone else .
it does not matter who is at fault for the ailment .
this is the same as if someone was admitted to the hospital for an overdose or breaking their spine while knowing doing something dangerous .
all people deserve a service if they have paid for it .
you really want fm judging and scoring your riding style ?
easier to just judge it by the smile on your face 
aww you could 've played that one out a bit geesh
we 're not a forum for you to try to get attention from some youtuber .
remove any hint of rslash references and you 're welcome to repost .
if this post is about some kind of youtube drama do not repost we exclusively deal in real world conflicts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
our medical system where i am is really slow understandably covid really over worked and stressed medical staff this is not a criticism but just accurate at the time currently
and i 'm battling what appears to be very multiple sclerosis like and it 's been difficult and marijuana has really benefited me in a few ways through this process it 's hurt mentally physically and financially .
but honestly i 'm lucky i 'm being helped at all .
wish you and the others in this thread that are hurting nothing but the best .
op you 're a boss that 's very kind of you .
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
ok i got ta bite it who is anathema ?
i got out of league since viego got in the game
working festivals for mutual aid captain would trade two shifts .
captain would send one team for a full 20 hour shift .
we were 2 hours of driving from the festival and he would n't ok a motel .
24 hours on duty we were waddling from crotch rot sunburned and bug bitten by gnats .
did you know that r/meme and has a minecraft server ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/meme if you have any questions or concerns .
either a it 's not really that bad just a bunch of complainers
b it 's just been the main hobby that that person has had for so many years it 's hard to get away from
c or people are just struggling to stay loyal in the hopes that it gets better soon
i genuinely think that over half the player base right now is just riding on what 's left on their subscription .
i do n't think there are that many people resubbing for any large amount of time
we both openly like each other but he 's not in the best mental place to date is all .
i do n't mind being an open book about it lol
the glue is enough to keep them attached unless wind can get underneath them thus tape
when you 're trying to keep it alive you want it dry for one .
they looked for it in some frozen corpses in siberia and could n't find any .
homemade sourdough with red onion tomato basil cheddar and pepper jack seasoned with tony chacheres
not as good as you daddy can you put on your fedora for me ?
when you grow up liking different aesthetics and ca n't decide which one to stick with .
they 're supposed to look up your account and they 'll you the reason .
then i would let them go a bit before topping so they can shoot up faster !
their interpretation of recovered may just mean that you are no longer contagious .
it scares me that i would not have known this was satire if i had not seen the flair
i 'm sure we 'll see you on asp in no time
lots of medicine like tick medicine is n't used on humans because it 's cancerous but dogs do n't live long enough to get cancer from them .
do humans have anything to worry about with drugs like this long term ?
you have just been upvoted by yours truly please return the favor on some of my posts ?
good thing other people are allowed to put clothes on their dogs if they want to and you are allowed to not put clothes on your dogs if you do n't want to .
say it louder for the people in the back !
if im just there for an iced coffee but the person behind me has 2 fraps and a caramel macchiato ... like hell im paying for that .
my one iced coffee is a treat once a week .
well then you better switch to a different hole then so you can hear me
hopefully people can realize that every song is n't the same and actually listen to the album .
bc i know there were a lot of people that listened to the beat for 5 seconds then skipped like weirdos
its good for kids to have pocket money so they can learn about it early and to spend or save and learn about interest or compound interest or investing or maths .
ill give mine 3 a wk soon she will be 5 .
i 'm pretty sure this is n't done at my store .
hey we 'll be releasing our cyberpunk themed play and earn rpg battler soon
sp join our live discord https discord.gg/kh4wv9dave chat to talk to your fellow patriots !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thebidenshitshow if you have any questions or concerns .
you did n't mention how mandatory vaccines was preventing you from getting the surgery
that 's almost exactly how i describe the smell .
i still ca n't describe it beyond purple punch smell . ''
the whole it 's unblockable if performed correctly '' excuse just pisses me off even more .
or you could say all moves technically work that way .
why are there not just dojos full of students mastering this one unfailing technique that if mastered is an unbeatable attack ?
also this post double posted once just to let you know in case you wanted to remove one !
but i literally shuttered when i saw starboy and krillboy hanging out
no proof will ever be sufficient to one who doubts .
that 's not how it works ... you doubt buddha vishnu jupiter .
mods are real pieces of shit most of the time .
worst case of you want the 3s more then sell the pros for 200 and buy the others .
50 off for only 2 months of use guaranteed to sell .
but he 's been in jail this whole time making the videos .
as our economy shifts towards influencers being our biggest export prison labor is now transitioning to making influencer inmates .
if you get locked up and ca n't do little dances on tiktok you 're gon na be cleaning the toilets for 8 cents an hour
but would have been for a really short time like less than a month .
i have about 4 first 2 are on my right arm from punching a window when i was a wee lad about 5 to 6 years old 3rd one is from a bike accident which is on my left after i slid on the road 4th one is from my cat which is also on my left arm .
i 've read somewhere that france was able tl succeesfully negotiate during the moroccan independence a way to keep collecting profits from our resources extraction but do you have any concrete evidence of it ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/loveforscalpers if you have any questions or concerns .
there has never been proper bbq in sb in all my 50 years .
i had to learn how to bbq just to get a taste .
also kinda sucks as everyone seems to prefer uspcc e.g .
most of the decks i was considering for aesthetic value lol .
haha i know i have been into the other one 3 times by accident .
thank goodness for the person who has posted in massive letters you 're in the old daily !
i just got a blood transfusion to pump it up
get the picture in your inventory and then interact with it guy should hold it out then click it again .
he should have a revelation about the image that will give you 'new info ' to use in future loops .
this is necessary to get all those other things to work like showing it to the cop and the phone call to bumblebee
as i 'm sure your aware for centuries the female body has been admired it has been specified as art as a thing of beauty in modern day times this beauty can be captured through photos and sent for easy viewing of this art .
i realise that their are negative connotations behind this act now referred to as sending nudes which you see this form of art happens regularly within friends partners strangers and family with that being said i humbly request that you allow me to gaze upon the masterpiece of art that you truly are
mil is a newcomer ... chasing her away because she does n't yet understand confidentiality will not help op 's family situation .
buy beyond light 's deluxe edition and then get the other expansions later if you enjoy the game
this is one of thhe best shitposts i 've seen in a while .
i do n't have money rn otherwise i would award you .
you look beautiful keep up the great work surround yourself with positive people helps
gg thank you both again for your patience definitely not my best boss in terms of ability lol
i think its fair to say you are absolutely beautiful
your submission has been removed because it is missing a gender tag .
please delete this post then resubmit it with one of the following tags in the title
cd for crossdressing couples both participants must be verified !
ff for female-female couples both participants must be verified !
mm for male-male couples both participants must be verified !
mf for hetero couples both participants must be verified !
tt for trans couples both participants must be verified !
qq for queer couples both participants must be verified !
be sure to include the square brackets around your tag !
if there 's a combination not listed that you would like added just message us and we 'll hook it up .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gonemild if you have any questions or concerns .
50k is my floor i 'm tryna buy a new corvette homie
i 've got about 10 as much money as you .
as long as you had fun and were safe that is all that matters !
that mask i have is yours if you want it .
ok my theory is she did n't know he was stealing from his victims but once things started unraveling either he or one of his lawyers sat her down and told her enough that would incriminate her if she did n't play ball and push the narrative they wanted .
i 'm sure they dangled money and financial security as a means to get her to comply .
it 's so clear to all of his the timelines do n't add up and she is n't a truthful genuine person .
she either had a great marriage and she 's lying now or she had a crap marriage and was lying before .
sucks to be her either way because she 's proven her self to be a liar .
i think about how i would respond if i were in her position and i would be so angry and protecting someone who put me in such a horrible position would be the last thing i 'd do .
if she came out and was honest and said look i was lied to my whole marriage and everything i knew of my life to be true is now a lie and then broke down she would have so much sympathy .
could you imagine if you were a kept wife used to a certain lifestyle and then you 're told no spousal support and your life as you knew it is over ?
now to get in this mind frame you have to accept there 's a contract you 're willing to put up with and take part in .
if she essentially made a deal with her husband and he screwed her not only refusing spousal support but to not pay for the attorneys to get her out of the mess he put her in she would have every right to be bullshit yet we see no anger and she 's still talking about him as though he 's this feeble old man who fell from grace through no fault of his own poor thing had a head injury how tragic .
she either knew and that was the deal which fine to each their own .
but when you 're cheated on you experience a range of emotions betrayal shame embarrassment hurt etc and homegirl is n't squeaking out one genuine emotion .
edit edited to add i do n't think erika should be punished for toms crimes i really do n't .
however that being said if she is in fact complicit now in hiding money i wo n't feel badly for her when what was never rightfully hers was taken .
most of that latest news not just fox is reporting that the vaccinated are making up 75 of the new cases ...
i 'm no expert on covid bit from what i can see the vaccinated are more likely to get the new varrient and will most likely transmit it to more i think the term the demacrats used was super spreaders ''
we have just introduced a new way of checking users on blacklist .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fallout76marketplace if you have any questions or concerns .
kazuha is literally the nicest person in genshin imagine making fun of his death if her were to die .
this is a reminder to flair this post in r/whatsthisrock after it has been identified !
under your post click flair '' then identified '' then type in the rock type or mineral name .
this will help others learn and help speed up a correct identification on your request !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whatsthisrock if you have any questions or concerns .
my cousin is perfectly healthy and fainted 1 hour after the second .
split his head open and ended up in the erc with stitches
they kept him for observation and still have no idea why .
you might not know her since she never gets any screentime
you managed to capture her look keep at it 
beta alpha i have no clue but either take your relationship to the next level and see if she wants that and if she does n't dump her .
your probably gon na end up dumping her because she is just playing games it 's that simple
2016 i started dbd a little bit after the nurse dlc had come out back in 2016 .
back then this game was a lawless wasteland albeit fun .
i personally try not to take things super competitively when playing so i didnt mind the broken spaghetti mess that dbd was .
you had things like vacuum pallets infinites old tile spawns and the killer dropping their power as flaws .
some notable bugs were myers with a chainsaw killer with bond or 4 sprint bursts .
the game looked way different and it was a weird look and i see it as memorable now .
2017 anyhoo then the next year came around adding a ton of licensed characters that was just outstanding and that whole year was exciting !
i do n't believe we had the whole 3 month schedule thing so every so often we 'd get a teaser about someone and the hype would be so cool !
a good example is hag and doctor coming out within quick succession of each other to my memory and i remember loving going against hags !
doc i find just as fun but to play instead .
anyway i specifically have memories of the leatherface teaser being amazing and the release of huntress to be mind blowing .
back then as you know there was no such thing as ranged killers .
there were so many licenses that got added but yet so many to be added .
truly a a fun time to be part of the community .
2018 a big year for dead by daylight if not the biggest .
this is the year we a. got the saw chapter which was amazing but also the year bhvr shad gotten enough money to buy their own game right and break away from starbreeze .
then after that we got the store added along with a ton of outfits for our beloved characters .
along with those notable events one of the most controversial killers got release this year the spirit .
on release i remember she was super cool and inventive of an idea and i loved her so much !
i do n't remember people hating her as much as they do now .
but back then creator influence was n't as widely apparent as it is now huh .
anyway following spirit was the legion to end the year .
legion was a very difficult chapter to end on since on release they were ... unfun ?
the devs themselves have admitted they had a different idea in mind for the legion but as time got narrower they just made current legion almost forgot the clown too !
i think most people love our asthmatic laughy boy .
that year was a fun time to play as well .
i know we got two of our most beloved character licenses this year ghostface and stranger things but i do n't remember a ton of notable things happening .
i also got my currently favorite killer the plague !
i really enjoy the play style of making players succumb to the infection .
the oni also came out along with yui in december of that year .
oni was a breath of fresh air in my opinion !
he was an interesting hybrid killer power and was fun to go against !
i believe this is the year the realm beyond project started .
i personally am a big fan of this project as it feels like the devs and artists are breathing a fresh life into the maps i knew .
obviously this is the year the whole pandemic started so maybe not associated with the best memories but a lot of interesting changes and killers came out this year !
despite whether or not the people fully liked the killers and maps that came out i think they are some of the best bhvr has done and quite enjoy them !
for example blight and twins are insanely different to the rest of the roster !
i 'm a little upset twin 's gameplay is a tad boring but not everything is perfect huh .
not to mention we got one of the biggest horror franchises i know of silent hill !
i like the idea of legendary skins even though some argue the price isnt worth it .
i 'm just super happy to see lisa in my game !
its a bit hard to comment about it since it 's still going on but i think its amazingly promising and has done so much already !
i remember everyone thinking trickster was going to have some weird power to rewind time or something including myself !
but we we 're wrong and i still quite enjoy the chapter !
i am not a fan or stan of kpop myself but i really like the aesthetic that comes along with it .
i really do hope we get that map of seoul !
following that chapter was an insanely huge license to rival silent hill resident evil !
and i was so excited and i 'm sure many were too !
i remember people debating what game it would be based off of and all that .
i was almost certain we would get the fedora man but alas i was wrong .
i still enjoy nemmy tho d. following nemesis is an even more exciting chapter for hellraiser 's pinhead !
i absolutely love the idea of hellraiser being added as i watched all the movies a long time ago !
i plan on saving my money for the legendary skin and i hope it 's deepthroat the cenobite !
she was my favorite despite her lack of appearances in the later films .
anyway more dbd related i think this is a extremely promising year !
this was super fun to write as i look back and remember all those different times to play .
the community experiences were the most notable to me and i remember them fondly .
thanks for letting me ramble a bit and i wish everyone the best of luck .
editor 's note lol sorry for making this extremely long d
is n't the short hair shot just her with a ponytail ?
also this makeup look is full-blown uncanny valley and more likely than not at least partially filters .
judging from your profile you can definitely pull off hot as well p
i can say that you are absolutely talking out of your ass if you think hospitals are keeping patients in beds
someone with mild symptoms calls 911 and wants to go to the hospital so we take them to the hospital that person occupies an er bed for say 2 hours while they get evaluated get their labs done talk to the doctor and get discharged ... meanwhile you have 5 other patient with mild symptoms who come in and take up the same amount of time for the same process ... what happens ?
you have a huge bottle neck because the nurses are unable to keep up with the influx of patients so that 2 hours now turns into 3 or maybe even 4 and you have more ems crews arriving and they now have to wait for beds with patients on their stretchers or in some cases drop them off in the waiting rooms .
and while these people who do not need to be at the hospital are occupying these beds ems crews are bringing in people who do need to be there but the er is full and there 's no where to put them so the crew has to continue care while standing in the hallway .
while this is happening you have these people with mild symptoms who do not need to be at the hospital spreading their shit to the patients around them which then leads to higher transmission rates and more hospitalizations .
now imagine if these people who did not need to go to the hospital did n't going to the hospital .
if those people had not gone to the hospital when they did n't need to the ers would not be over run and they would not be full .
i 'm not talking out of my ass i 'm talking out of experience .
i sat in the hallway with a lady who wanted to go to the hospital because she was drunk for 2 hours please tell me how she is not contributing to the over extension of ems and hospital staff .
also let 's not forget the governor 's order for more ventilators ...
if someone needs to be on a ventilator they obviously need to be in the hospital .
i 'm speaking strictly about people who do not need to be in the hospital .
if you ca n't make a girl put any effort into the sex then there is something wrong with you whether it be your looks skills or personality in general .
i guarantee you that if nobody wants to ride you it 's not a fault of the entire gender of women lmao
cd keys is just converting the dollar value to my country currency .
and what i can see is that everything is costing much more because of that .
for example the 6 month gold is almost double than what i am getting in my region stores of ms and amazon .
since option is int and i 'm wo n't be returning anything should i write it this way ?
to explicitly tell the person that this function has an int parameter and will return none .
making fun of anyone is not valid unless the target did something to deserve it
does n't blight say in his lore that he does n't want to be hurt or cause harm to others in the trials .
thank you for taking the time to reply and yes i knew that but the issue with shrines is that they also reset every single enemy you already defeated which makes it a bit too annoying especialy when you already done it ten thousand times but die .
they do n't give you any sense of idea on how well the game will run with your parts or even the suggested parts .
yeah i do n't remember any mention of this either
from what i remember offhand fluder already believes he surpassed the necromancer of the 13 heroes
or i have heard in church that heaven lost an angel but i have found ther ! 
hey there 24yo balkan girl who grew up in germany and moved last year to baden wrttemberg stuttgart
if you need someone to talk to you can message me 
this is such a good summer album i love the chill summer vibes throughout with the energy cranking up here and there but the entire album has these cohesive summer vibes that i absolutely love .
the return of a brighter astro title track the joy of songs like footprint and sunset sky the members being more involved in lyrics/production and the continued success they 're deservedly experiencing right now this has been great to see !
please ... ... ... ... .. stop using my beautiful culture to slut shame women ...
oh yeah i kinda finished the game as well and i can feel that too .
maxed my spaceship but need to do that for my land and water vehicles as well .
also need to go to the center of a galaxy .
if only there was an option to like lie down on different furnitures and new building blocks that allows you to build underground bases would be something i really would desperately need
moving back there myself in the next month ca n't wait to get out of here ! 
i passed with reko and it was torture for me..i found out too late that it was much easier to get through .
arm wrestling was really difficult but it was not difficult with keiji..
but he 's retired ... . how could he even spar we are really lucky that we actually got the sparring between ippo and sendo .
the persona series in general but my favorite out of them all is 5
i do n't he 's really good but there still missing something about him he 's not on that ss ney or ss ronaldo level .
i also heard a lot of people saying even there dybala feels better but i have to disagree with the last one .
gon na be some very stiff lads to miss out next week .
most obvious would probably be dyl clarke durham maybe archie
how many dogemon do i have to catch to get to level 22 ?
yeah it 's almost like we understand it 's just a game and people are allowed to root for other teams .
u/lycxnwolf i know the body looks kinda weird no that 's not nevada
yeah having discussions on reddit for anything real is near impossible maybe it 's as though they want to keep us on this shithole site but communications for games could be on discord once we get a group of dedicated players .
though the challenge of course is getting said dedicated players .
there is no fundamental difference between being hired by the pharaoh to build a pyramid and get paid in grain and beer and other goods which you could consume yourself or sell for what you needed and being hired by a construction company to help build a new skyscraper and get paid in hard cash for it .
i 'm talking about humanity before the creation of complex society i.e even before the pharaoh was even concieved .
if you do have an actual difference in mind i would very much like to hear it .
if modern economics is an unnatural invention that goes against human nature so is modern medicine entertainment electronics transportation housing utilities and every technological advancement i can fathom that is on this side of ploughs .
i think i 'll choose all of that over 'natural human interaction ' .
your argument is that if it has improved the human condition it must be natural .
that does n't follow the thesis in this discussion that human economic organization has mainly been cooperative and non-exploitative .
do n't you besmirch those good conservatives for nothing !
it 's nobody's fault phil could n't poison himself with horse dewormer correctly !
that 's why you should give it away in chunks while you 're still alive .
just stay within the limits of tax free gifting .
the two that were left had been there for eleven hours with no food .
are you sure you want to know what happened to the missing person ?
i mean yeah cool let your kid be a nazi then .
i really love solomon looking like an imperial knight  but yeah ease off moonshine
there was a noticed surge of bad yankee candle reviews around when it was discovered loss of a sense of smell was a symptom of covid that they 're referencing .
my man was going for the boobas and this fking pirat grabs his hands
i do think in some way she loves him .
she loves what he 's able to provide for her .
can you really afford to go from 90k a year to 20k a year ?
and if you enlist you wo n't see that kind of money for close to twenty years .
maybe talk to a guard or reserve recruiter verse active ?
i got her at 8 weeks old she 's nearly 16 years now .
after defeating roark and going to the pc to jot down my team i then went to the west .
after a short encounter with my rival lucas i then made my way back through ore burgh gate and route 203 to jubilife .
rowan and dawn were there as well and it was up to dawn and i to defeat the two grunts .
i then went to that tv building to get 2 pc wallpapers i usedhttps www.pokewiki.de/spezial geheimcode-generator ? uselang=en distortion world and giratina .
i then went through ravaged path smashing the rocks and route 204 skipping trainers often but there was a trainer i did n't skip and when using xenophobia to fight it xenophobia evolved into a prinplup .
i continued down and i ended arriving in floraroma town at last .
i want to have 3 level 17 pokemon going into the next boss fight so i decided that the team grunts and the trainers will hopefully be goof enough for exp points .
the first order of business was the fact that a little girl 's dad was trapped in a lab by team galactic .
i went to the wind works and i got my encounter a shellos .
i wo n't use it because of it 's typing overlapping its xenophobia but still good to have !
after that i battled a grunt and got sent to the floraroma meadow after winning there is a key in the meadow .
i defeated 2 grunts in a row got the key and some honey before returning to the windowrks .
after defeating the grunts i needed to grind up order a lil ' bit .
once all my pokemon were lvl 17 i bought items then returned to the wind works .
zubat did use toxic but i had a pecha barry held its muahahah
i needed to keep kamikaze for just one turn to use intimidate .
i forgot how intimidate works ... it works when you enter the battlefield .
i switched to order the machop like i planned and killed the purugle with 2-3 low kicks .
mars charon and the grunts left the place and i got to go to the routes north of floraroma .
my encounter was a pachirisu could be a great supporter with charm .
i also decided to cheat all the poketch apps just for fun i guess .
after renegade platinum a great rom hack which i will never nuzlocke i miss the tiny q-o-l features like 99x tms when u get them all the apps cheaper poke balls etc .
once i entered eterna forest after the navigation of route 205 i caught up with cheryl who made me go with her .
i still caught a silicon named silicon and battled a difficult pachirisu before ending the journey through the forest and arriving in route 205 north .
this is the first of a few pinwheel routes where the encounters etc .
the south part has bidoof pachirisu buizel and shellos while the north has hoothoot the wurple line kricketot .
so i got calcium the cascoon in the north .
i could do the gym fight immediately since this is n't renegade and i decided to use staravia kamikaze to fight the gym .
i absolutely crushed the gymnpcs and then it was gardenia time..
i defeated it with a couple wing attacks from kamikaze the staravia but it was able to set up sun .
cherri in its sunny form was weak to wing attack and roserade went down in two wing attacks .
i also got the tm for grass knot and the forest badge
the charter will make or break sofi 's business model .
as a non-bank offering bank-like services they currently leverage their own balance sheet to provide loans .
when charter comes along they will be able to use other customer 's deposits to make loans apart from a 10 ish ?
this will free up the billion s of cash they currently have to offer other services like margin trading clearinghouse deposits remember rh ?
and riskier loans usually these are discouraged but sofi has insights on members ' income and spending patterns allowing them to sell loans to henrys that no one else will touch .
or does anyone know if the japan release has an english sub option ?
i could n't find much info from a couple google searches .
but if i really like the show or movie pretty much all monsterverse media i like to have a physical copy .
so i 've been on linkedin heavily while on my job search and i swear there are times i just want to message random people and be like damn your job sounds so cool or like damn i 'm super impressed on how much you have achieved .
is it cool if we can connect and chat for a bit ? ''
i know these are just people at the end of the day but seeing what they have accomplished and where they are at intimidates me like ...
almost like i 'm not good enough to even talk to them .
i grew up poor and in a ghetto ass city so being successful in my area was graduating high school and having a job that pays a couple of dollars more than minimum wage .
i can go on and on but i 'll keep this short .
on a whim i recently coded my i3 to allow am radio .
i found that if i set it between stations i get some really cool annoying interference noise from the motor similar to that unfortunately fake video with the jetsons sound .
more of a discussion than a question that will have one correct answer .
when it comes to charities or organisations that directly aid the lgbt community where do they stand with those who deliberately discriminate against those in the same community ?
this question has been on my mind since going to a fundraising dinner of a very prolific lgbt charity years ago .
i managed to swipe an invite as some investment bankers who paid for a table were kind enough to let a few volunteers take up some spaces props to them btw was swanky as hell .
but one of the main compares for the evening was a celebrity gay man who had very openly been biphobic on live television prior to this event .
he has every right to benefit from this charity as a gay man but to use him as a figurehead a representative for the lgbt community and our collective rights felt like an insult .
in addition this charity has had no problem pulling out of national pride events due to racism within the community and rightly so .
but where is the line with in-fighting or rather in-discrimination ' i suppose you could call it .
i am sure that the trans community have faced the same issues with not feeling accepted or openly discriminated against within this community as well .
i feel like it 's weirdly more acceptable for people to shit on bi people but that 's only from my own perspective .
i want to know what you guys think on this ?
so since this game came out i have been looking for my fave boy lobo and no matter what i did to get him on my own .
i ... just could not get him with my terrible luck .
this is gon na be my first post because i am a shy fool of a baby and just wondering if anyone has lobo who is moving out .
i want that hornchata loving man on my island so bad asdfghjkl
none of my friends wan na watch a movie with me so if you wan na watch a movie with me pls add me on discord so i can watch a movie with someone pls my discord is jasper the wizard 5138 thank you !
this is n't so much of a how do i get this working '' post as it is a psa because i have not been able to get it to work outside of the described situation below .
i bought a quest 2 some time ago along with a wireless router to check out its wireless capabilities so i had purchased the virtual desktop quest app as well .
i also tested vam wirelessly with the quest running vam as a non steam game '' along with 3 htc vive trackers .
from what i could recall my trackers were showing up in-game .
the software seemed to work quite well however since i largely play simulators i returned the wifi router in favour of just using a wired connection to the quest through oculus link .
fast forward to now when no matter what i could not get my trackers to show up in vam .
i made a post about this quite some time ago when i was trying to get it to work at that time as well but wanted to try again now .
i tried changing the openxr settings in steam as well as you can change that source between oculus and steam but it had no effect .
i do n't think vam interacts with that at all anyway .
i reinstalled steam steamvr oculus software deleted all the files from vam directory and verified it through the launcher to redownload it and reset all the settings etc .
i removed all steam config files from the windows user directory as well to have as fresh of slate as possible .
trackers would show up in the steamvr space as well as in other games like blade and sorcery when running quest oculus link steamvr games but not vam .
remembering that i could have sworn i was able to use the trackers previously with vam and the quest2 i went out and bought a wifi router again .
i reinstalled the virtual desktop streaming software on my pc and reconnected the quest2 wirelessly through that app .
loaded up steamvr then vam and lo and behold there was my 1 htc vive tracker i connected for testing .
i changed literally nothing else other than not using the oculus software to connect the quest 2 to the pc .
virtual desktop is somehow its own standalone thing and does not require the oculus software to be running on your pc to connect and run games other than oculus specific games obviously since they are platform locked .
this leads me to believe there is some issue with vam and oculus software which is not allowing it to see my trackers .
so my so m/38 and i f/28 are trying again to make it work .
we broke up before because his addictions got out of control and the things he was doing were seriously hurting me .
it 's been three weeks week 1 was amazing .
for my own protection i strictly said i will not commit or be exclusive until i 'm sure things are different .
but we 're both so jealous in general we 've basically forced each other into being exclusive without the title .
next weekend he 's going away for a bachelor party with about 20 guys and they rented a house .
i 've never had to deal with a so going to a bachelor party before but i knew i 'd freak out .
we were talking about it and he said if you do n't want me to touch a stripper i won't and i 'm like ... ...
i did n't think i had to say that .
and now he 's freaking out that i 'll go fuck someone else while hes away because i 'm pissed off .
writing this all out it sounds ridiculous and toxic and i should probably cut it .
but i guess i 'm wondering how other people deal with their so going to a bachelor party .
i am generally insecure and the thought of him watching naked girls or getting a lapdance is making a giant knot in my stomach .
and blindsided him with a montage he put together of all the times throughout the season that jack-o trashed the team ?
it was such a dick move but also really funny and jack-o seemed legit annoyed by it .
heading to the cherry grove area the weekend of september 16th and accidentally booked a place that only has one parking space and we need two vehicles !
anybody own anything around the 6000 block of n ocean blvd where i can pay you for a place to park for a few nights ?
i 've tried contacting some other complexes in the immediate area but they 're all owned by the same realty company and i 'm sure it 's against their policy .
i cancelled my housing contact recently after randomly being assigned to a mini double .
room had no desk and was made to be a single .
will i get my 450 back or will i receive a fee ?
as we move forward in the pandemic it may become possible to add realtime monitoring of covid to their mitigation health and safety strategies .
imagine a restaurant able to detect if there is any covid virus circulating in their environment .
i could also see a use case for devices like these in classrooms .
so far the technology is new and prohibitively expensive in most circumstances .
through a quick search i could really only find 3x companies at the moment
the easiest to use and seemingly the most capable was the smiths detection unit bioflash biological identifier https www.smithsdetection.com/products/bioflash-biological-identifier .
perhaps you could buy a few with a loan then rent them out and service them locally to people and businesses that may require or want the ability to have detection .
this could also work with bars or clubs indoor events etc .
services like this may also stimulate the economy on a more fundamental level and people who may be more hesitant in public settings could be more reassured by seeing/knowing active monitoring is taking place .
so basically the new banner is around the corner and i 'll definitely be pulling for sara as she is also on the same banner as baal which is the one i 'm aiming for as well .
so i was wondering which constellations should i go for ?
i 'm not confident to getting her at c6 as my luck in pulling for new 4 characters are rubbish at best looking at you c9 xinyan and c9 diona .
so far i 've saw some discussions on c6 sara but not much on the other constellations .
so if not going for c6 what would be the best stop ?
i am wondering how the sawdust blocks i inoculated with potentially contaminated grain spawn will affect mushroom growth .
will the mushrooms grow if the spawn is contaminated ?
the mycelium is taking but i do n't know if it could potentially make inedible mushrooms .
arkadalar yakn zamanda korona geirdim ve 1-2 gnm kald bitmesine ama hastalm getikten sonra baz skntlar ba gstermeye balad .
rek suya dalarsn burnuna su kaar ve ba ars girer
do n't think the title is very clear not sure how to word it .
with some text and droplist and a secondary sheet below it loaded by the droplist .
droplist set to sheet2 picks range sheet2 ! a1 f5 and input into sheet1 ! a6 f10 not as data but as the actual sheet cells .
then type in sheet1 in the new sheet2 cellrange which get saved in sheet2 .
then be able to droplist sheet3 and get a blank list to type in load sheet 2 and get the sheet2 list back ?
do n't think it 's possible but have no idea how to google this .
to leaves we our eat.kitchen https eat.kitchen ingredients food not no using ourselves our would we are the recipes
i 'm a relatively new player to zero hour .
i got the game last week because it 's been a long time since there was a proper swat 4 successor and at the moment i think this is one of the few games that helps to fill in that gaping void for me .
at the moment the game does feel a bit unpolished but there 's definitely a lot of potential that can be seen in what we have here .
operation meghna is coming out tomorrow which hopefully addresses some of the polish that needs to be introduced so will have to wait for that to give further impressions on how it improves or worsens the game .
here are some suggestions to help improve the coop pve experience or possibly other aspects of the game further
ai squad teammates definitely a must-have to make the pve experience shine more .
friendly ai that can perform commands from the player with customizable loadouts per individual .
solo is pretty challenging and fun in its own right but having friendly ai at your disposal helps add more replayability and tactical strategy into the mix .
it would also be better if ai can be added to fill in the missing team member slots when playing with friends since at the moment there is n't that big of a player base for zh and most people play with less than 5 on a team unless joining a public server .
quick comms/comms wheel a quick communication system that can be useful for communicating without the use of a mic .
this can also be used to command ai teammates if ever that feature is available .
this can also be integrated with ping system possibly .
seperate some gameplay mechanics/limitations between pve and pvp i understand that the game initially had focus on pvp so there were some balancing/limitations put in place in the gameplay mechanics .
but maybe it would be nice to put some different mechanics between pve and pvp .
one example is the shout mechanic which does n't really do much in pvp .
i 'd imagine another is the limitation of the grenades you can carry .
maybe make them up to three grenades in one utility slot during pve ?
because if you 're playing solo one grenade maximum per slot is not enough when clearing big buildings on your own like terror house .
first aid/trauma kit a first aid or revive mechanic could be useful in coop especially since most of the time the odds are against the team 's favor .
it can work like regaining partial health for a teammate that is not yet killed by equipping a first aid kit in one of the utility slots .
another type of kit can also be used for reviving a downed teammate assuming not killed by a headshot .
both kits can help add a dedicated medic role on a team sacrificing other types of utility items in the process .
sandbox coop mode after getting 100 pts maybe you can unlock a sandbox mode for the mission .
sandbox mode will allow you to customize mission parameters like the number of enemies spawned number of hostages mission objectives etc ...
it can also be available once you already unlock the new mission i guess .
this can further improve the replayability into the game .
allow both lasers and taclight at the same time during pve maybe you can allow having both attachments for a weapon at the same time in pve ?
as it allows for more tactical adjustments during the missions and does n't affect balance too much given the circumstances in pve missions .
allow the ability to switch between infrared and visible laser as well .
ammunition type the ability to choose ammunition type for the weapons can add to the tactical choices available to the player .
for example hollow point ammo can have higher damage but lower penetration through objects and armor piercing ammo can penetrate more objects and better for armored targets but slightly less damage than hollow point .
rubber ball shells can be used with the shotgun as well which can help in convincing enemy ai to surrender .
sub-sonic ammo can be used to improve suppressed weapons which can make them even quieter than with other types of ammunition at the cost of lower damage .
non-lethal grenade types i know the smoke grenade will be implemented in the upcoming operation meghna but here 's just to throw ideas for other non-lethal grenade types tear gas grenade and stinger grenades .
tear gas should be able to temporarily disable enemy ai from attacking you for a certain amount of time before the gas disperses and stinger grenades can probably slow down or disable enemy ai for a few seconds .
stinger could have a similar effect to a rubber ball round from a shotgun except it having an area of effect .
of course tear gas can be countered assuming enemy ai has access to some sort of gas mask as well .
gas mask utility in line with a tear gas mechanic another utility that can be added would be a gas mask .
this is to enable the ct team to move in to a gassed area without being affected by it but it would take up one of the utility slots to balance it out a bit .
they can also limit the peripheral vision of the player when equipped as another limitation of its use .
bolt cutters/lock pick utility if a feature where electric boxes can be locked shut a bolt cutter utility might be required to unlock them to switch power on or off to a building .
if pad locks are implemented to a door the bolt cutters can also be used .
if a door lock feature is implemented maybe a lock pick kit can be used to open it silently .
both items can take up one utility slot for balancing purposes .
chemical glow stick utility can take up a utility slot maybe 3 or 4 in one slot .
can be used for marking areas or other similar purposes for the team .
can also be used to dimly light up a dark area but not as bright as the illumination flares already in the game .
tactical k-9 unit maybe one slot on the team can be sacrificed for an semi-autonomous k-9 unit that can help point out enemy/hostage locations sniff out bombs/traps and attack or disable enemy on command by the squad leader server host .
the k-9 will follow the squad leader 's command via ping and quick comms system and of course the k-9 can be disabled by the enemy .
the k-9 may also carry some extra equipment for the team such as some extra ammo grenades or a med kit .
situation report using ping system pre-programmed voice lines can be used to report objects of interest using the ping system .
like reporting an enemy/hostage/surveillance camera status over the team radio when it is pinged or other special points of interests in the map like a specific voice line when discovering the dead bodies/torture chambers in cafe 14 .
at the same time here are some existing features that can be further improved
remove equipment setup and planning table timers in pve coop maybe just implement a ready button to indicate that the player/s are done with their equipment setup and if they are done with their planning phase respectively .
the timers are understandable in pvp mode to avoid delaying the match too long but in pve this should not be a concern .
improvements to shoulder tap i know that this is already implemented but i think it can be improved since you rarely notice the tap sound effect which might be a problem with the new tinnitus mechanic in operation meghna update .
maybe you can make it more of a visual queue like a prompt telling the player that player name has tapped you '' or something like that .
for the player doing the tap on their teammate maybe you can add a hold f function where their player will follow behind where the player in front is going as long as they are holding the f button and being able to shoot while he is doing that .
this would be helpful when flowing inside a room through a door and make flowing through in a line a nice tactical mechanic .
with this mechanic another prompt like player name is stacked to you '' can be displayed .
improvements to ammo handling not really coop specific but i think holding the reload button should be enough to do an ammo check no need for a dedicated button for that .
single tap and double tapping the reload button are already nice functions above that .
being able to pick up a dropped magazine that still has some bullets might also be another nice addition .
game lobby browser it would be nice to manually choose an online lobby that you want to join especially for pve coop with other players .
subtitles maybe in the future you can add subtitles to the enemy ai lines which helps non-bengali speakers get more context out of them and add situational awareness in the game on how the ai is reacting .
keep the bengali voice lines as it does add identity to the game but having some english or other languages as subtitles would be nice for players that do not understand bengali .
i 'm not sure how easy or difficult to implement some of these ideas are to add to the game but hopefully these ideas can help the devs add some nice additions in the future to this already very promising tactical shooter game .
i 'd like to end this lengthy post by saying thank you to the small dev team that made this game and wishing them success with a game that can be at par with the best tactical shooters available out there .
i 've always been able to see and experience what others could not that is my special talent .
there have been times where i have been to different realms and realities but this one takes the win for what i 've experienced .
it was around 4:55 am and i could not sleep whatsoever usually if i tried to sleep it would take a little over 30 minutes if i just sat there in complete silence .
i was reading a book on my phone and as soon as i put my phone down i passed out .
it was odd as i was n't sleepy at all .
and what i mean by passed out was that i went into a really deep sleep .
i ended up in complete darkness and it was n't like i was in a room it was just endless darkness that seemed to go on forever .
the only thing i could see was myself and that was because my body was emitting this yellowish white aura colour .
i was the only light source in that space .
it was n't cold it was room temperature and i was wearing the shirt that i went to sleep in .
there were no floors but i was standing and i felt like i was n't supposed to be moving .
i just knew that i had to wait for someone someone was supposed to come to get me .
i definitely did n't feel alone either it was just weird .
i remember looking to my left and this guy grabbed my left shoulder and turned me towards him he looked really worried .
he looked a couple of years older than me and knew my name it was like he was trying to grab my attention and make me listen to what he was saying .
he was rushing and kept repeating that i was n't supposed to be there .
what are you doing here you need to leave right now .
i was looking at his appearance and he was wearing grungy-looking clothes and had this silky-looking black hair with blue or green eyes .
he was beautiful but his aura was depressing and black .
it was like a dark grey or black smoke was following him .
i felt very safe in his arms and presence .
i felt him push me down and when i woke up it felt like i was falling .
when i sat up in bed i realized that i was on my back and could still feel his touch on my left shoulder .
when i looked at the time it was 5:10 am i was only sleeping for 15 minutes and it felt like forever .
i do n't really know how i got there and i 'm not sure if it was a dream or if i travelled somewhere ?
hello again day 5 video is complete even with some minor terrorist minor technical difficulties please take a look and i hope you enjoy .
if you have any questions please drop them below the video i would love to answer them .
i know they mentioned it but i ca n't find where they actually said the time .
so basically i am 16 years old and as a dumbass horny teenager i masturbate but after i finished the side of the head started to hurt like i cut it has this happened to anyone else ?
does anyone have any experience with the prometric center located in central florida ?
i have looked on google map for the reviews and the majority are negative .
i work at a car dealership and we tend to get alot of warranty work enough so to open a new department just to do warranty engines .
not too long ago i was trained for less than a week to do engines and then placed somewhere else where they needed someome immediately .
fast forward to about a week ago they place me in the engine department with the promises of a raise .
but now they do not want to give me a raise because i ca n't finish an engine replacement in under 6 hours whether it 's parts and some new situation i have n't dealt with .
also everbody else in said department has had more training than me .
also i 've been paying for my own tools because they do n't buy the appropriate tools for the job and they 're not paying for us to bring tools .
for some reason i have a fundamental believe that i do not deserve to be happy because of the mistakes i made in the past and the suffering that is has brought about in the form of making people uncomfortable and just being a creep .
i can not seem to break away from this .
i just feel so disgusted in myself and i did not even pmo today .
just reflecting and noticing how i keep making the same mistakes i made when i was 15 .
15 seems like a day ago and a lifetime ago all at once .
i 'm now in my late-20s and act the same way in some respects .
i 've grown in some areas socially and stayed the same in others porn and fetishes and coping mechanisms .
i hindered my emotional growth by suppressing so many things through pleasure-seeking .
i only really developed healthy coping mechanisms in 2019 and then the pandemic happened .
i do n't mean to project my regression onto a global pandemic as i could have done better and not regressed ... but i did regress .
porn has really informed my worldview and i feel very disgusted with that .
i feel very very sad i let myself get to this point essentially subconsciously .
i tend to take things to the extreme to see where the line is '' asking women what they like to wear if they like men in pantyhose if they wear pantyhose stuff that feeds my fetish and furthers my desires to watch pantyhose-porn .
wanting to create a new reality instead of accepting the reality where i am right now .
i never realized how crippling this addiction can be as highlighted in my last post .
i never gave the addiction the respect it deserved .
i just feel so stuck to my past self .
i feel to stuck to my old ways and i feel so scared to grow ... which is kind of a crazy thing to admit being scared to grow .
i genuinely feel scared to be better because for some reason i genuinely believe i deserve to suffer for what i have done .
it 's not fair for me to say how my actions have affected others i can only be objective and say i never did anything physical .
all of my inappropriate interactions happened on the internet on reddit or instagram and in college on snapchat .
they impacted fellow people people i share oxygen with .
for that i believe i deserve to suffer somewhat and then i seek an escape and i relapse instead of rising above all of this and actually being better .
it takes energy to stop and climb up but not as much energy as it does to keep going down and keep being negative .
it may take energy to be better however not nearly the same energy as it takes to be the same and suffer ...
suffering existed and yet i wish to carry that suffering into every present moment because i ca n't let go ... this only births further suffering which leads to more pleasure seeking which fuels both to more intense degrees ... it may take energy however there is an ability to step back and observe this process ... to not let it take over next time ... to be able to stop and say ah ... there it is again '' and carry on with my day with a grin as if i am observing a child throwing a temper-tantrum .
have n't pmo 'd since thursday ... trying to keep it that way .
i have to submit my copies to school in under 4 days the problem is that in maths i have written it in like 5 different copies but never even completed half of one of the copies i have not done anything in english grammar and sanskrit grammar so i asked ma'am and the only way to escape this is that either you are out of station or be sick so what should i do ?
we are curious to see what are the best wuxia and smut and harem light novels of all time .
after looking for quite sometimes here is the list i would like to recommend
there 's a mod i like that hand places npcs in the open world and i was wondering if the base game has a free roam ai package i can attach in xedit ?
i do n't want to manually create a schedule or patrol but more wondering if anyone knows a package that is just walk aimlessly '' or explore ''
or if there 's a better/easier way to allow these npcs to roam instead of standing still ?
we are curious to see what are the best wuxia and smut and hentai light novels of all time .
after looking for quite sometimes here is the list i would like to recommend
i 've been looking for good ufo skeptics to balance my recent research into the phenomenon and someone suggested the skeptoid https skeptoid.com podcast .
i listened to its episode on the ariel school incident https skeptoid.com/episodes/4760 and i thought it did a good job of raising questions about that case .
so i decided to listen to their most recent ufo-themed episodes about the topic 's mainstream resurgence since 2017 and i was really disappointed .
it starts off complaining that this resurgence is being orchestrated by the same group of folks who 've been pushing the ufo story for the last 60 years .
there are a lot of movements that took decades to break into the mainstream .
in fact if the same group has stuck to their guns for 60 years then i would take that to mean that they 're at least sincere even if a bit delusional .
the second strategy taken by the podcast is to discredit the ufo proponents by associating them with a belief in ghosts .
the host 's take is that all the ufo researchers from hynek and vallee to mellon and elizondo believe that ufos and poltergeists are part of the same phenomenon but that they downplay the poltergeist aspect because it may seem less credible than the ufo evidence .
first off this seems to imply that he thinks a basic ufo theory is somewhat plausible .
but even then his point still comes down to the idea that ufos aliens and poltergeists are prima facie crazy ideas .
the conspiracy he 's presenting is one of crazy talk covering up for even more crazy talk behind the scenes .
he gives no great explanation as to why this crazy talk is suddenly gaining mainstream acceptance except that the same group has been at it for 60 years .
i kept thinking he was going to paint the whole group as a bunch of huxters but he provides little evidence of fraud outside of one participant 's support of uri geller .
at one point he brings up billionaire robert bigalow winning a multi-million dollar government contract to research ufos but then admits that once the government funding ran out bigalow bankrolled the program with his own money .
so if he 's trying to show the group was trying to get rich from ufo research i think he 's failed .
the most damning thing he says about the actors involved is that they believed in ufos before starting to promote their theories the idea being that if you believe in ufos it ca n't be because you came to that belief through some objective analysis of the evidence .
i thought it was notable that he starts the story in the 60s and makes no mention of how involved hynek was with project blue book and other ufo studies before that .
they 're all just credulous people with a predisposition toward believing crazy things but who are sometimes able to persuade key people to their cause .
it felt like circular reasoning it 's crazy that this is getting mainstream interest because the ideas are crazy ! rather than an attempt to show malfeasance or manipulation .
it could be that the crazy talk is becoming more mainstream because the crazy talk ai n't actually that crazy ...
or anyone else know of some parties because if so take me with you
we are curious to see what are the best wuxia and smut and historical light novels of all time .
after looking for quite sometimes here is the list i would like to recommend
man ca n't believe how lucky i was when the last one got all red and started recovering his health and dealing more damage i freaked out because i thought i had already won lol .
i was using a 10 large club and a 10 mace both imbued with lightning .
when i arrived to the boss fight i had 6 estus flasks left and the club was totally wasted i managed to kill the first one fast and get the remaining one at half health but then my mace broke .
i tried to change weapon but he kept hitting me and i ran out of estus flasks .
i used like 10 gems to recover my health and equiped a 4 sacred chime hammer .
eventually the red glow wore off thanks god and i managed to kill him with my health still regenerating because of the amount of gems i had consumed .
having played demon 's souls ps3 and the dark souls trilogy i have to say that this is one of the worst areas i have ever seen even tho its something i wo n't forget lmao .
we are curious to see what are the best wuxia and smut and history light novels of all time .
after looking for quite sometimes here is the list i would like to recommend
we are curious to see what are the best wuxia and smut and horror light novels of all time .
after looking for quite sometimes here is the list i would like to recommend
i hate that han returns from the dead i mean i have n't watched it but it just makes no sense for him to come back .
im a 15 year old and yeah its a pretty weird age .
im sure a lot of you have all been there .
my parents have this ideology where they are both very against this vaccine and claim that its the mark of the beast .
now i love em like crazy but im starting to think they are being a litte over dramatic about the vaccine and how deadly and bad it is .
im sure this subreddit probably gets a lot of questions whether this vaccine is actually the motb but i need some convincing that i should take it .
i probably will take it when the opportunity arises but i kinda want some reasons why i should ... my personal veiw is that the motb is not something you put in your body but something that you use everyday .
now in the bible does n't it talk about the motb being in your head and hand ?
you hold the phone in your hand and the information off of it goes to your head .
it does n't leave a physical mark like the vaccine but does n't it leave a mental one ?
i dont know thats just my 2 cents about the topic .
19f here i 've had this condition since before i could remember and it has left me with a horrible image of myself .
i 've tried topical retinoids extraction and i 'm so fed up i 'm about to try acutane but the side effects and limitations that come with acutane are not ideal for me .
i 've done extensive research and there is no real cure for this i 've been to multiple dermatologists and they say it will eventually go away but i 'm starting to lose hope .
i 've got over 200 cysts in my armpits around my private area legs arms chest butt practically any crevice in my body is just filled with these things .
i know this is tmi but imagine being me .
i ca n't take it anymore i 'm about to start cutting into my own skin to extract them .
i 'm really at a loss because i 've worked so hard on my self love but i just keep hitting a brick wall with this .
does anyone else suffer from these things what did you do that helped the most ?
also should note they are not eruptive very benign but like i said i have over 200 and i just do n't know what to do .
i do n't want to hate my body anymore please help me !
we are curious to see what are the best wuxia and smut and isekai light novels of all time .
after looking for quite sometimes here is the list i would like to recommend
casual player looking to try out mechanics and what 's new this season .
never gotten a toon past lvl 30 besides 4 .
creeping frost occultist impale cyclone champion whispering ice scion and a frenzy raider .
i can usually find my own way once a build gets online but getting a cohesive build started is hard for me .
we are curious to see what are the best wuxia and smut and japanese light novels of all time .
after looking for quite sometimes here is the list i would like to recommend
im currently doing coc bb bf after the aoe nerf the dps feel lost much .
is there any information about how we scale aoe to get more overlap ?
feel free for any recommendations for changing to another double coc except dd since im doing scion not necro
i need to see if its even possible to get it ?
kinda disappointed there is no bug fix yet by the devs does n't seem like it would be such a hard thing to implement .
hey y'all i 've been given work study from my financial aid package and as an incoming freshmen .
should i apply for job positions now or wait till i 'm adjusted into dorms and my scheduled classes ?
i 'm worried if i wait there wo n't be any work study positions i can apply to on handshake but i want to get to know the school and adjusted to this new lifestyle .
hello reddit hopefully i can get some nice advice here .
i am a 23 m and i met this wonderful funny smart and caring girl 19 f almost a year ago .
we both have the exact qualities the other looks for in a significant other and right off the bat after meeting each other we had started to develop feelings .
almost one year has passed and my feelings for her have not changed but she has inconsistent feelings towards me .
it is important to note that both of us date for a serious relationship she is my second relationship and i was her first .
we both trust each other with all information shared and both know certain things about each other lives that no one else knows about even our closest/long term friends .
she is considered my best friend and i am considered her best friend and have a very healthy friendship .
we were each others first everything so far and we have tried dating but she always has a fear of it not working out so she calls it quits even when she has feelings .
we still talk everyday and support each other through problems we encounter and have both confessed our love for each other .
the thought of either one of us being with someone else bothers both of us and we have both tried to move on but always end up coming back to each other only to fall into the same loop of love and her having inconsistent feelings .
when i say inconsistent feelings i mean she loves me one second and then her feelings flip like a coin and she does n't know what she feels .
and then in a few weeks the loop begins again .
she is a girl i am willing to fight for and keep trying in order to make it work because we both see it working its just her inconsistent feelings holding her back from pursuing a long term relationship .
i have never fallen this hard for someone and she has agreed when i have confessed it to her so i know all feelings are mutual .
any advice is much appreciated please let me know if i can provide more information .
tl dr we both have strong feelings for each other and see us being together long term .
but her inconsistent feelings do not allow her to pursue anything further .
i ca n't send pictures right now but nothing turns me on more than seeing cock and balls in my messages !
 tell me what you 'd make me do and degrade me please
selling my spare kbd67l r2 translucent hotswap with the ble pcb bluetooth one ansi .
everything 's brand new and i just opened the transport box to see if everything was inside .
pricing 140  shipping fees depending on the place you 're at
start of the work week nervous about my drive home .
usually stop at 1 of 2 gas stations i rotate throughout the week to buy my daily 2 for 5.90 fourlokos because i need it to help me sleep .
very happy i did n't wake up with a hangover today .
my prof suggested we schedule exams early but it does n't come up in the drop down menu .
do professors sometimes add classes closer to the exam date ?
do i schedule another way than through the uf/proctor u portal ?
i live in japan and i wan na get a gas shotgun .
because i live here it 's actually cheaper and easier for me to get a tm shotgun than other brands so i 've narrowed my choices down to either a tm m870 breacher or a ksg .
imo the ksg looks really great and it 's pretty similar to my ics pdw9 in terms of length so it seems like i can definitely use it in the tight cqb arenas here .
on the other hand though i do n't like the loading port and i like m870s .
plus the short nature of the breacher makes it very practical .
... my only problem is that it does n't look as cool .
also i plan to get a maruzen m870 shell ejecting version and i do n't want to double up .
i mean not that i 'm gon na use that maruzen in a game or anything but still.. same model .
so i wan na ask you all three questions which would you guys get ?
haha before you all tell me to get a fabarms or cyma gas shotgun i again wan na tell you that it 'd be just as expensive to get those as it is to get a tm .
a place for members of r/trolasos to chat with each other
ok let 's dig in to this conversation i know where i stand but i want to here y'all 's stance .
to start off with when looking at tackle and such you often hear the term trout and panfish '' .
so does that means they are separate from panfish or does that make them one since there is often a lot of over lap in equipment used to catch them .
as someone who does n't catch 20 inchers every time i go trout fishing most of the trout i catch could fit in a frying pan whole .
i have caught 15 '' yellow perch and 17 '' crappie and i still consider them panfish since my best trout so far still is only 13 '' that means they are still panfish sized .
as far as sporting fights go i think large bluegill and shellcrackers pull just as hard as the 12 and 13 '' trout i 've caught so far .
the only thing really that separates trout from other panfish in my area is the limit 5 to 8 varies by state is way less than the limits on perch bream and crappie .
until i see a 20 incher i 'm considering trout a panfish and possibly even after i catch a big one they may still be .
i just want to hear y'all 's thought 's on this .
i am in no way belittling trout by calling them a panfish because i love catching all panfish more than bigger game fish '' like the bass catfish and stripers in my area .
got to a quadrillion today after a week still no neverclick achievement .
took me a while to figure out it does n't exist on mobile .
what is a good eyelash growth serum that wo n't affect the longevity of lashify lashes ?
the nfl does not like the giants or the patriots more than the jets they like the money that success bring in .
not op but i found the grammer really hard and all the different conjugations for the same verbs and tenses
i think that every time a person is disillusioned about any politician it is good .
i think that there are people who wo n't change no matter what but that there are people who will and they need to be shocked .
i think that telling my democrat aunt that the obama biden clinton white house murdered qaddafi because he amassed enough gold to try to start a pan-african currency and challenge the dollar 's dominance in africa was just as important as telling my cousin that trump supported asset forfeiture thereby robbing people of their property without due process .
yes people need to be shocked they are firmly in their little camps and i want them to see that they are setting fire to the world with their tribalism and blind support of war criminals and profiteers .
no i do n't care that some of them will be turned off they will be turned off no matter what .
the willful blind are not my focus because they can never be reached .
they will continue to support the fed if their guy supports the fed because their guy is right because he wears the right color tie .
fuck them even if they stack they are doing it for the profits and will ultimately be a hindrance to the movement when they cash out instead of holding strong .
believe what you will but that 's where i 'm coming from .
19 degrees celsius 66 humidity partly cloudy with a high of 21 degrees and 10 chance of rain..
i think they probably filmed it after but told her to talk in present tense for the context
everyone say karen and i have no idea what is this so can someone post the video or drop the link
which stocks are in the vanguard total stock market index fund ?
i 've certainly completed 6.4 but only once and it cost me 5k units maybe 1-2 years ago .
so i 'm many respects 2.5k is a big improvement .
i took a long break to play fantasy football really fair too seriously so only really now cleaning up those last variants and act 6 exploration .
eq cavalier i can now finish easily without revives mostly so my progress is picking up again .
if you do n't think friendship require work and patience and understanding maybe you 're the one who does n't deserve friends .
but they wo n't if no one especially their friends '' do n't believe in them .
i 'm pretty sure there 's no need to explain that lalafell are just dwarves in a fantasy world aka gnomes .
does fantasy art like lor promote pedophilia because there 's gnomes in it ?
hell i would definitely understand his point more if they were overly sexualized in the game the same way most prostitutes tend to be catgirls for exemple ... but it 's not even the case !
when you say the world lalafell to a player he either love them because they look like cute little potatoes or hate them because they 're the most mischievous little shits in existence and should be purged for the greater good i 'm here .
at no point will you find a part of the community that will specifically sexualize them and think it 's ok .
there 's a common consensus that lalafell do n't reproduce they simply sprout like potatoe .
this is coming from a lalafell hater so please spare me the gotcha moment .
you look so healthy and strong with the fresh air .
i like natural and healthy things just like you .
i watched full video and drop 1 like then subbed comment by kudin-tgt
welcome my channel and return on my video https youtu.be/s4keau\_hkjq https youtu.be/s4keau_hkjq
i 've never heard this before and tried to google it but did n't get a clear answer
in short supreme court send a petition to hrushev that it is illegal to enforce law retrospectively but it was refused .
losing a loved one hunted me in psychological limbo state for almost 3 months
i stopped farming artifacts i 've full cleared abyss since 1.3 .
every one who watched it carefully thanked me later !
the rain was wild yesterday but it 's been a calm and mostly sunny day today .
free 10 in bitcoin with luno no purchase needed always worth while
if you are a little nervous around crypto or unsure about putting your own money down with my referral code you can get 10 worth of bitcoin for free !
to play with to do with as you please no deposit needed no purchase necessary .
it 's probably the only offer you 'll find without a deposit needed .
go to https www.luno.com/signup or click sign up via the home page .
enter your email and sign up for a new account .
enter in the rewards section this code once your id has been verified takes minutes usually on the app bpdwestgrath
instantly receive 10 worth of bit coin into your account
the app does some great presentations and webinars for understanding crypto currency and bitcoin in general .
there 's also a savings pot with 4 interest rate too !
the app is very easy to use and has 4.6 rating on the ios store .
my advice would be to just leave the coin for a while and see in a few months where it 's at .
there 's no restrictions on what you do with it it 's yours to play with .
because settling down with a high value man is a game of musical chairs .
every woman is trying to snag one but there are less of them than there are of you .
when the music ends all the hot guys are paired off and taken out of the game and replaced with the next tier of guys .
please just give this dog my car keys house keys bank account ... anything .
solar panels are actually more efficient when it 's abit cloudy they do n't produce as much power but there efficiency is greater due to less heat being transferred into the pv cells for the same/slightly less amount of light .
i did n't believe it either but my mate who installs solar on motorhomes went on a course and told me that interesting little fact .
i always hear that skz has good rappers but i 've never been impressed by what they show in these title tracks .
would 've been better if they had someone singing the chorus and the vocal parts we 're great .
ok now think this with a british guy going crazy
i would not csll it a weakness ... more like a treat .
you do n't h as ve to cum if you do n't want .
what would be the value in pointing that out ?
that 's only fanning the flames that this vaccine is somehow a conspiracy .
she cheated on me early 2016 which we worked past .
i recently found out she has been seeing another man for the past month .
the swiss french are a bit better in that type of critical thinking at least .
hey i 've got a 2 be double barrel but i ca n't accept caps at the moment maybe later today i 'll keep you posted if you do n't find something in the meantime
i am doubtful there is a god let alone a just one but that incels suffer would be an argument for him considering their disgusting worthlessness .
so go learn python or any other useful '' crap .
bei mir in der familie heit 's die goldenen bgen '' .
even if i had alzheimers i could play this game .
in fact i think monkeys could learn to play this .
cloudy judgement was the caption on my last instagram post
they need more heels at the top of the card .
he 's not a good person and i do n't know what he could bring to the product .
shit like this is why i always assume she 's just joking lmao
brighton wanted nketiah as part of the ben white deal and the club refused ?
in the original poem gawain is a saint he only cheats at the end by keeping the magic sash because he enjoys being alive and doing good .
then the green knight forgives this cowardice because he is n't evil and recognizes gawain 's worth rewarding his previous deeds with a pardon and giving him a scrach as a reminder to keep him humble .
in the movie gawain does nothing to earn simpathy nor pity he 's a selfish pos and worthless human and at the end he gives up on himself and decides to let the green knight just end him .
the green knight then ambiguosly forgives him but why ?
embracing death just because you 're too weak or lazy to change anything is n't actually honorable .
the green knight should absolutely behead this fool lol .
so while i liked this movie visuals and the actors i ca n't get behind the new morals of the story at all .
use my ass after i suck a load out first 
the fact that they keep it going for sometime is what 's truly terrifying
anyone can leave you just have to pay 3k for a quarantine hotel when you come back .
i have n't seen my family in nearly 2 years .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
there is patient confidentiality anything you say to you is confidential timeless your thoughts involve planning out a murder .
if they suspect that you are a danger to you or someone else they will call the authorities .
it 's actually best if you are completely honest and share you real thoughts .
just make sure you keep reiterating that you do n't actually plan to kill your neighbour 's cat for example .
click here to private message https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=fockitdood96 u/fockitdood96 .
be sure to use the report button if this user solicits you for goods or services .
as a reminder we do not communicate usernames or other personally identifying information in the comments section .
do not tell the user to pm you click the link above to get in touch .
the user will be given a notification after you click send and there is no need for you to thirstily remind them that you 've messaged them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kikpals if you have any questions or concerns .
then choose another place to eat we all have our freedoms
since when did everyone get so up in arms about stupid ass vaccines .
i 've literally watched someone poop on the floor at dicks .
one year the chick behind me puked in my shoes .
mother fucker take glow stick and stick them in poop in porta potties and make smiley faces .
and yet all that 's ok just make sure you get a vaccine .
make sure you do it quick too and if you have any valid reasonable questions about your health and safety or long term side effects fuck you do what i say you stupid conspiracy theorist .
yeah '' is a bit vague and too casual a response to the point of being rude to some people .
if you ca n't muster the strength to say you 're welcome '' try any time '' .
or maybe bozdag is feeling chaotic and wants to spice it up by having the mongols interrupt their inegol plans
i have some professors i absolutely loved like dwayne booth taylor aka fish is what everyone calls him and kim woolf were two professors of note .
also the communications school at penn is one of the best in the us .
in terms of opportunities i had an internship this summer paying that was communications internship and i know many people in my major who have gotten internships/jobs with big time media companies and a kid who interned as a media intern at the olympics this summer .
there are so many different ways you can go with a communications major .
i have friends who want to go into marketing some who are more artistic and want to do like film and media and journalism you can even go into social media or public relations which is where i want to go .
in all having upenn on your resume will open up so many doors for you especially in the world of media and communications related fields
you 're almost an adult and you need to learn to manage your health on your own .
make it clear to everyone that you 'll accept support but shaming or guilting you is not acceptable or appropriate .
i think it 's more likely that he does n't have dementia he 's just invested in hydroxycholoroquine and ivermectin .
do n't be mad when she gets new dick .
i 'm all for purchasing decorative doodads but that is too many mobiles .
was way too much played it for a couple hours at most .
was really hoping for an ass shaker out of that kasey musgraves single .
it 's like two different ways of achieving the same thing but i get the distinction .
you were imaging something more like a tow-bar attachment part that speifically worked for crates .
resource containers on the other hand sort of ... assorb resources and just have a 3d model appear but functionally are n't the same as actually welding a resource inside the container .
i did the whole invisible braces thing and it did change my smile/look of jaw especially while i was wearing them and everything was adjusting  not saying that 's exactly what 's going on here just that it 's possible !
they fit the hybrids you can find them at the genuine toyota parts store .
that 's why i usually main the sword much better deflects making the owl pendant all the more useful
thank you for your submission on r/nft join us on discord https discord.gg/yc6e4phwsa for live discussion on everything nfts and to share buy/sell your nfts !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nft if you have any questions or concerns .
law of surprise is just one of many ways they probably take in all they kids they can get which is probably why people think they steal children because they might take in orphans or the unwanted children of couples etc
i just watched keith jerome 's herpes update from 6-7 months ago .
i think other companies working on this will also shine through as one approach may not fit all as we 've learnt with vaccines .
why is he desperately trying to get rhe ball does he get something if he catches it ?
reminder when asking for help with questions from tests or books please include the source of the question in the post title .
examples of appropriate titles might include help with writing question from april 2017 qas '' or help with question from erica meltzer 's grammar book . ''
posts that do not adhere to this rule are subject to removal .
for more information please see rule 7 in the sidebar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sat if you have any questions or concerns .
unfortunately your post has been removed because we only allow images hosted from reddit or imgur .
we also do not consider articles or videos to be memes .
please resubmit your post when our posting criteria has been met .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/trumpmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't lose sleep over foreign nationals who are enemies of the country and break the geneva code of convention .
yes sometimes in photos alone it is hard to tell if executioners and crowds are smiling out of just sheer evil revenge and/or false guidance or ... . from a sense that true justice has finally been served to the guilty and they can breathe a little more easily at night .
that being said many people on both sides of conflicts like in afghanistan probably have earned the smile of true justice over something not so moral they chose to do that they should n't have .
uhhh i was in lots of 6-8 player lobbies doing duriel runs on ps5 .
i 'd be a little disappointed with 46/47 wins honestly .
probably going to need 50 wins to get back to a top 4 seed in the east and that 's where i expect the cs to be .
if you guys are the same age i think you should tell her .
but if it 's a 2year plus age gap i think she would find you creepy .
before anything this definitely works for starting adventures or setting a few guide rails down .
however i like to give my players the full freedom of the world .
that 's just me but i literally have more plots than i can run and just plague the world with them untill the players pick one to fix lol .
doing all of those things would make the tank bad in every way .
it ca n't fight on the move it ca n't active scout .
you 're talking about not just nerfing something it does but basically killing the things it does best altogether while burdening it with a mechanic that takes away all the flexibility light tanks generally bring to the table .
and the thing is my own opinion is it should n't be able to fire on the move in turbo mode and should have to stop to switch modes ... so it 's not even like i 'm that far off this idea but the 2 second delay is overkill and will really really hurt it as a light tank and adding the other stuff on top of that ?
even just implementing my idea would require buffing it in other areas because it 's such a massive nerf to change the mechanics like that .
like let me ask you this at that point what does it even do that a cs ca n't ?
i only use gboard because of haptic feedback and because of the swipe gestures that dont work on ios keyboard in my language and because of the fact that there is no prediction in my language .
features suck but typing is much better on ios keyboard though .
if you want to feel better about an area just google any other neighbourhood in the gta and there will be a stabbing shooting robbery etc .
i have lived in forest hill downtown and had similar issues .
square is super safe there are soooo many families young professionals etc .
it 's his birthday tho too so it could be something special 
well a lady fell off one and died a couple weeks ago in colorado so it 's safe-ish .
join us on our discord server where we are building our hoxhaist bunker to survive the next reddit banwave !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/socialisteurope if you have any questions or concerns .
when just before it starts raining it sprinkles but not enough to get you wet but enough to feel it on your face and the temp lowers to cool right before and that storm smell fills the air right before the storm comes out 
you 're being downvoted but i agree with you .
i 'd give different answers entirely if this was about heritage rather than ethnicity .
where my grandparents were from has no impact on my ethnicity .
by heritage add a soda farl switch the bubble and squeak or hash browns for latkes and make sure the grilled tomato is a really tasty variety with a drizzle of balsamic vinegar on it .
i just do n't want to change the keyboard of the phone to search the or so i put a space
my gf is a big nats fan so when we were watching iw and endgame again this weekend she was getting all sad when she saw tom holland because of trea lol not because the movies are just devastating but trea turner
republicans told us dont be scared if you have nothing to hide '' after 9/11
better send them thru metal detectors when they get off work .
instead they waged a terror campaign to murder and assassinate female members of civil society judges journalists etc .
completely false they waged a war first and foremost to drive foreign occupiers out of afghanistan and remove the puppet regime .
this was stated in all their propaganda it was the number 1 criteria in all negotiations .
as for your alleged campaign to assassinate all female members of civil society that is complete bs as is shown now when female members are being told to go back to work and are not being systematically hunted down and killed .
i 'm not saying that women were n't targeted and killed at all in the war afghanistan is a very conservative society with oppression of women but there was no systematic campaign to kill all female members of civil society .
i 'll see if i can get a easy to refill spray bottle .
my concern with that is if i 'm supposed to use just like a match head worth of powder it 'll be such a small amount of powder and mostly water so it 'll dilute it too much maybe or if not there wo n't be enough water to get sucked up by the bottle
it 's above my skill level right now but i have one and the tolerances are brutal .
except for the shackle i can shim it open all to easily because the gaps at the shackle are quite big .
oh okay i was wondering how that would work seeing as how i 'm not truly trying to invest into the minutemen also i think i 'm just confused .
when it comes to building i sit there and stare at it like it 's a math problem i can never solve .
like anytime i even get one close to being good and it instantly needs other things and i just feel as if i 'm wasting so much of my gameplay time on something that i do n't find that rewarding is there a way to make them self-sufficient eventually ?
i was afraid she was going to come through the screen like the ring and eat me
i get why this is naturally this way but i 'm curious to hear some opinions on something ... .. a while back i kept seeing this new way that they were teaching kids math i 'm 30 with a math comprehension of probably 6th grade at this point in my life .
i decided to billy madison my way through free online math classes because i actually enjoy it .
the way they are breaking down math to me is so incredible that i ca n't believe it .
someone can probably tell me what it 's called but i find it incredibly refreshing and have enjoyed it a lot .
edit my point is that the way they are breaking down math equations all the way down to breaking down simple addition makes me think that you would no longer view a big difference in your mind between these two equations if you learned it the way they are teaching it now .
it seems this is how i always did it in my head but never how it was taught .
they seem to be breaking this down in a similar way no so that right off the bat you 're thinking this way as you advance .
you wo n't be able to add/enroll in classes with the hold i had the same problem i suggest you do your fafsa as soon as possible so once you 're able to confirm you completed the exit interview you can just enroll .
the exit interview takes 24hrs to get to your school make sure you save your confirmation email to show your financial aid advisor and they will remove the hold .
just be sure to ask them if their is anything else you need to complete just in case so it does n't hold you up .
sprinkle some dried italian style herbs in there too .
and if you like it spicy some red chili flakes .
it 's a huge hit every time i make it .
i use the word azerbaijani when i mention you guys do you prefer that one ?
and i could n't really find info about why some people gets offended by the word azeri so could you explain what 's wrong with that one too ?
had to delete my account and lock myself out of betway because of one of these losing runs .
could n't stop sweating and pacing around my house for a solid hour afterward .
science is n't a belief system you fucking moron .
see i loved the first four episodes but once twisty was gone it had almost no plot or direction .
this summer i realized how whiny bratty and manipulative huskies are .
lightning bolts from a 1000 gods get aimed at you hahaha
i like d2r but probably wo n't touch it unless there is some form of single-player mod support .
i 've never been a huge fan of arpg multiplayer but i enjoy a lot of that genre diablo path of exile grim dawn van hellsing titan quest to name a few .
since plugy works fine in d2 unless there is some level of support in d2r i see no reason to purchase it .
i 'm really not exactly supportive of either embargo but i do think it 's a bit of crock for the white house to paint this new embargo as a reaction to the navalny situation .
this embargo is clearly going to hurt the russian economy as all do .
however it 's a little too convenient for the white house to target a major source of ammunition for the us market .
this just seems to be an excuse for the white house to put the squeeze on the firearm community under the guise that they 're taking a stand against putin 's regime .
at the same time they 've downgraded the sanctions against nord stream 2 after waiving the arguably effective ones that trump initiated due to wanting to bolster relations with the germans .
i got charge back scammed years ago by a friend i knew for 3 years and they stole 700 worth of items from me when i was in desperate need of cash .
it sucks a lot but do n't let it keep you down !
push forward and try and trade back up to it and beyond it to show them whose boss !
why do you have a tv on top of a shoe cabinet
you telling me to relax yet you were the one telling me i 'm lashing out and using ad hominem oh boy the irony of wiki admins .
a born leader is n't immature and does n't handle loses like justin did also who said i was n't rooting for justin ?
one of my comments clearly say that he was close to christina if you bother to comprehend what you read of course .
there 's a difference between being confident and cocky boohooo '' good for you for not caring about personality or how they handle losses this is n't about you this is about you calling christina lackluster so stay on topic also ramsay clearly cares for personality and there 's many examples of this .
how christina handled the red team does n't matter ?
what a stupid take look how christina handled her team to how robyn did christina since she appeared on the show she showed emotional intelligence and very mature at handling things .
justin had to deal with shit cooks but so did christina and she had to deal with the worst red team ever .
also do n't know why you bought up the stations like if she chosed those stations herself ramsay put her there because she believed in her and that she would be able to communicate with them despite how crazy her team was because those stations she was in require the most communication with everyone .
justin was immature through the entire season and his pass in the finale was n't as good as christina 's
had to buy it here until gamestop starts selling them
what was it worth when you had that amount ?
what ended up happening to cause you to lose it ?
this is n't the first time it 's been done .
this person really watching a bulbasaur get chopped up and said where can i see more ?
i have waited to use this copypasta for quite some time
shut the fuck up marauders are tought but fair fights you just have to keep dashing away from him and ballista/ss combo with a frag to stun him even longer to kill him in 20 seconds max i dont understand why people shit on marauders do much they are so fucking fun to fight against and im genuinly sad that trough the campaign you only fight them like 6-7 times .
look at it this way they are supposed to be hard because they are a corrupted sentinel guard basically a hellish version of doomguy but if you have more than 20 braincells they are honestly pretty easy even in nightmare mode his attacks are really simple the dog that spawn when you waste your ammo on his shield or when another demon damages it an axe throw that is extremely avoidable a shotgun that is also really easy to avoid just dont stay close duh and the charge attack which gives you the opportunity to attack ballista him frag nade ss ballista ss ballista ss ballista and boom hardest most annoying enemy dead .
waaaah you cant just have a shield that makes you invincible and be able to tank 5 ss shots and a dog and a supershotgun and laser axe and a million hp fuck you id ! ! !
hard game on hard difficulty hard wahhh shitty game 7/10 wahhh
no but serously fuck you skill up and upper echelon gamers ironic how those twats are called skill up and upper echelon gamers but play like my 8 year old niece with severed arms and brain damage
about 350 cheaper than you can buy one ... and people are complaining ? ?
i would buy it it a heartbeat for 800 if you were local .
im new to reddit and didnt realise how shit the banter and humour was .
dusty also missed the last quarter of the season .
clangers that go out on the full are free kicks are they not ?
as goos as he can be i ca n't believe a player as lauded as dusty ca n't kick a set shot and chooses to kick around the corner 40m directly in front .
for the first point do you happen to have a source because i always get asked why should i get the covid vaccine if it does n't stop the spread anyways ? ? !
i 'm young i 'll survive it just fine !
i wish i still had it i had all the dewmocracy ii flavors in it
laser gives accurate dimensions without fuss and as long as you do a good job aligning your laser is an easy framework on which to align disparate photo components .
laser is less prone to twist and drift in large scale scenarios .
dump the cheeky bastard he obviously has no respect for your feelings whatsoever .
really need to add to disconnect the battery first if you 're going to give this advice .
in my car removing the seat with the battery connected will trigger the airbags .
when the bread starts to go stale and the fruit or veggies starts to look a little sad but them in the freezer .
the fruit makes for great pies or homemade icecream just mix the frozen fruits with some vanilla yoghurt .
the veggies can go inte stews or a vegetable gratin or soup or whatever .
the frozen bread can be thrown in the oven with some butter and cheese or mozzarella and pesto yum ! .
there are so many ways to save food from being wasted .
its almost like they gave refunds to everyone right after the release dude .
i met you in r/2007scape where you shat on the game devs there because they had not given you updates you were excited about you know them working for home and all and still tried their best to give content and now i randomly come across you here as well dude why do you have a hate boner for video game developers u/coldwave44
atleast cdpr actually made it so that everyone could get a refund done or mostly anyone atleast .
and good job comparing a video game that was universally shat on when released while cyberpunk had a rough launch it was no where as bad as no man 's sky was .
if you aint happy about the games then do n't visit the subreddits lol take a chill pill my man .
so they are like the new mexico whiptail lizard ?
all of them are female and reproduce through parthenogenesis but have to go through mating behavior with another one to produce their eggs .
psa please familiarize yourself with the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/safemoon/about/rules and faq https www.reddit.com/r/safemoon/wiki/index wiki_frequently_asked_questions .
warning never give out your wallet passphrase for any reason .
be very suspicious of all urls emails forms and direct messages .
if someone claims to be from support '' they are trying to scam you .
if someone claims you need to validate '' they are trying to scam you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/safemoon if you have any questions or concerns .
i did initially want to go for the husqvarana but they have unfortunately discontinued the 701 as has ktm who have discontinued the 690 .
t120 would do highway speeds easily and so will the bmw and ducati .
just wanted insight on long term ownership and maintenance costs between the above 3 .
i 'm pretty sure the t120 is a way more refined machine as compared to the sv650 and trident .
i 've ridden both and they are nothing like the t120 .
speed is not what i 'm entirely looking for .
if i wanted speed i 'd go for the speed twin .
the local dealership has a brand new 2019 for 600 less than the t120 .
the dude deserves it if they are n't willing to die for the cause
i do n't think funko has any everett stuff but you can order everett shirts on amazon .
i bought my wife a cool vintage looking one that just says everett ''
some metro areas are actually larger than others in area ..
i 'm showing you what happens if you use a consistent definition .
there 's not an american method and a canadian method in that list .
the way i 've always seen it there 's more good in the world than there is bad .
focus on yourself challenge to be the best you can be .
i do think it 's great to ask as my siblings and i realized this last year we each had pics the others do n't but i wish i had tons of pics boxed up around here that i could find ... i just do n't .
and the ones i have i shared on ancestry along with a million cousins sharing the same ones .
my gg grandfather had the first photo studio in his mill so i have one of my great grandparents grandma at age 6 and great aunt in one pic but they were taken separately and he printed them on one picture so kind of like photoshopped pics circa 1910 .
if you live in an apartment you may be restricted by the service to the building .
your submission was removed because it does not include a required game platform tag and type of post lfs lts sherpa card .
please check our rules page https www.reddit.com/r/destinysherpa/wiki/rules wiki_6._all_posts_must_include_a_required_tag along with our announcement post https www.reddit.com/r/destinysherpa/comments/2xzekp/we_now_have_a_set_of_rules for information about tagging your submission properly then resubmit it with the correct tag .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/destinysherpa if you have any questions or concerns .
thank you for taking the time and i agree 100 with what you said .
i 'm glad i found someone who agrees that there can be nuance here
i have n't had any major problems and have been playing since launch .
just got my first comment upvote up to 9 karma .
bought orgain and it should be illegal for something to be so bad
if we 're talking about real life m193 only reliably fragments from a 14.5 '' barrel out to 100 yards and m855 is something like 50-75 yards unreliably .
m855a1 has fancy propellants and a better design so that has more range but even still you will be relying on yaw for the majority of wounding past 150 yards with a 14.5 barrel using m855a1 where a few hundred fps makes a huge difference at that point .
556 is a round that relies pretty much entirely on velocity to be effective especially if the ammo used is a military fmj round that does n't readily fragment or expand
most fighting is probably within the 300 yard range map depending but realistically that is still a range that can be affected by barrel length particularly with military fmjs
when it comes to environmental justice and animal liberation there are too many soft positions out there and this thread is full of that weak noise .
i 'm up to 50 this is better than getting an abortion ! 
ok first of all the tribbing line was funny and did n't deserve a downvote .
second i 've been disappointing the same lady for years .
how on earth cat noir even has fangirls in the first place with that grating voice of his i have no idea .
4 seasons in and i still ca n't stand it which is a damn shame because the character himself is great just ruined by a poor choice of voice .
t 's its '' instead of it 's '' because it 's '' is short for it is '' .
daddy 's gon na did shave mine own bwc in yond monkey pussy and fill t with cumm repeatedly
i am a bot and i swapp 'd some of thy words with shakespeare words .
my mom thought you were talking about a 20 dollar bill lmao
after a painstakingly slow shipment and 4 delays from fedex ...
as a result if you want to use vanguard for you developed market fund you are overweighting korea .
damn i remember sitting at my computer watching dc fandome and matt reeves saying he had a special surprise .
tell me that the xg of a shot from 8ft out is determined by the name on the back of the jersey .
i 'm not sure it 's a super common or bold flavor but white pepper smells like manure to me .
let 's be honest just because steak and lobster is served does n't mean it 's high quality ex .
that was the cleanest landing on a top top back suplex i 've seen !
all the clips i 've seen it just shows them basically landing on their neck and head and not fully rotating to land on their belly
i 've downloaded the iso from the official website and the fonts look also normal to me .
i 'll get a second opinion i might just have missed the joke i 'll get back to you when one of the other mods weigh in .
'it would be better to just kill all pedophiles '
'actually yeah that 's got ta be his next wish '
how can you say you 100 agree with treatment and then agree with comments talking about straight up killing people based on desires they may not have acted on .
the ending is fantastic and has absolutely nothing wrong with it .
i guess i should have said a suggestion for if you already have a switch
if you 're conservative who is running against a rino or demoncrap you must be have all power of every branch of doj vet you !
if it was n't for double standards we would have no standards !
ca n't you just remux .mkv into .mp4 in obs though ?
it reminds me to the huntsman from monster hunter world .
i just usually use my bowl torch and a can of wd-40
i 'm not convinced anyone that disagrees with me is a bot or schill just you .
you appear in many of these threads spouting the same thing .
people consistently provide you sources but you dismiss them out of hand .
honestly i would trade a few but it does n't matter too much either way cause you can always grind an infinite amount of either thanks mainly to the styx shop always offering a diamond or blood .
seriously all you clowns that keep sucking these guys dicks would n't be saying shit if they kept flaming you in game just for being on their team and making one wrong move cause its not pro enough .
go watch snip3down in his prime when he was casually slapping the biggest pro teams in all of gamebattles/mlg on halo .
all these new age guys always complain and bitch for the dumbest shit that its so ironic how delusional you fan boys are .
niantic does n't really care to fix bugs that do n't impact their bottom line .
this feels like a made-up story designed to get right-wingers frothing at the mouth .
the medical staff on the icus must be seeing a lot of panicky covid patients hence the xanax .
i guess being unable to breathe would do that to you .
i sure hope none of us ever finds that out first-hand .
just put a cover over the exhaust port and problem solved .
plays fine for me on anything but aus servers and even then you get used to it
you guys should sleep on the same bed at whatever time he goes to bed from now until the end of the first week of school .
please remember that all posts and comments should reflect factual truth-based discussion .
the purpose of this subreddit is to share trustworthy resources and ensure canadians are as informed and educated as possible .
we will not tolerate racism sexism or harassment of any kind .
any comments or posts made contrary to these values will be subject to review by the mod team
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/canadacoronavirus if you have any questions or concerns .
problem with that is iris was at the very least in level to johto ash and ash had to use new pokemon through 5 regions which iris didnt .
charizard could take dragonite and then after that it 'd be no contest .
you cant exclude the last battle which equally amount if not overthrows the battle of mcx vs ag while the other battles were good not in a hell way were they champion level both kukui first 5 pokemon for sure equal alain 's first 5 pokemon on e4 level .
i 'm excluding the last battle because koko is the rest of kukui 's team and 10mv is an op legendary ohkoing super move that 's far more powerful than anything else ash possesses .
if ash doesnt mention any of his past archivements why would she seriously they normally dont talk about any of their past except if it is mentioned by outsiders
i feel like dawn accomplishing her life goal probably would 've come up .
in the same way ash would probably bring up the fact he became a pokemon master if he had 've done that .
lesser achievements like leagues or grand festivals sure i can see why those would n't come up .
misty was never a good battler most of the time in os she never demostrate anything outside of beign overpowered by ash each time they fighted except for the whirlcup like i said outside of the mega her team isnt really strong .
brock was basically the same except that he was experienced in battles but not enough to be an actual treat to ash in anyway .
apart from dragonite she 's pretty meh as a battler as well and chronicles misty has gyarados .
sure misty sucked in os but we are n't in os anymore .
wasnt that the point she was better than ash in that she understood faster his dragonite and even made him stronger things that ash couldnt make thanks to his inexperience .
yeah but given her rate of growth in bw extrapolated over the timeframe of xy and sm she should be league champion level at absolute best .
yet somehow it 's implied she beat a league beat the e4 and beat alder .
she could maybe be the champion if she was hand selected by alder as a successor thus bypassing the need to defeat the league and e4
time for the daily ancap morons are the only libertarians '' bitchfest from the snowflakes who also spam r/conservative
well worth it lots of hidden easter eggs and things above you or behind you that you may have missed .
this journey is damn hard good luck if you wan na try
i was actually researching this just yesterday and found this one .
sars-cov-2 antibody responses in infection-naive or previously infected individuals after 1 and 2 doses of the bnt162b2 vaccine https jamanetwork.com/journals/jamanetworkopen/fullarticle/2782762
i 'm a divorced remarried dad/stepdad so i 'm familiar with this situation .
i mean when you first meet someone who has kids too like i did when i met my wife you are confronted with the fact that your place is n't big enough and does n't have enough beds .
you 're not gon na rush out and buy a 3-4 bedroom home just to accomodate in the short term but in the longer term that 's what you have to do .
also not a bad thing to teach a kid to share a bit .
but ... ... if they 're gon na be a couple they have to find a real bedroom solution .
like this can not be the solution for long .
plus ... ..this is a horrible idea for his gf .
i mean i 'm also a divorced dad to a daughter .
if i found out my ex-wife was having my daughter share a bed with an older boy who she barely knew ... ..i 'd have some custody related questions .
oh but the goal posts are in the sidebar of the subreddit .
and i can promise you i did not move them between now and my original comment .
once you end up in the hospital you 're officially a nominee !
gssr only happens in anniversary and new years summer and winter if thats what you meant and yes jp by now only had free 5 but only the first time was with a ticket .
this year you just needed to select your servant right away .
it 's true that the synthetic hormones do n't agree with everyone but this is definitely a minority of women .
those are the people who are naturally louder online if you 're googling stuff .
those of us who do n't have problems to solve are n't posting here or making youtube videos about the pill .
lots of women take it for years with no side effects .
it helps skin issues for some people and makes your periods easier and lighter .
some people can even use the pill to skip periods sometimes .
some find their moods are more stable on the pill .
it 's so individual you wo n't know until you try and listen to your body .
because the poll does n't give the result you expect does n't mean it 's wrong .
opinion polls are designed to represent the opinion of a population this is done conducting a series of questions and then extrapolating generalities in ratio or within confidence intervals .
no a poll is not 100 accurate but it gives a good idea on how things are going if the poll says that the majority this or that it 's giving an idea on how people feel that the percentages can be discussed of course it 's the same that happens with election polls no they wo n't give you the winner nor the amount of votes but it gives you a good idea on how things will end up and most of the time those polls help determine who will win
you 've basically done what valve is neglecting to do for tf2
i still feel excited every time a hand draws new enemies in a panel .
the only foreskin-related deaths i 've heard about in europe is that time germany went a bit nuts again .
nice was kind of a pain this weekend with the belt bugs
babe why are we in a random bed in this carnival ?
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
you should know when it 's an appropriate time to share your feelings how much sharing is appropriate for your relationship and how to express your emotions healthily .
like do n't dump your feelings on your partner when they do n't have the mental space to listen do n't spend the entirety of your first date crying about your trauma and do n't yell or punch walls .
and if an issue keeps bothering you do something about it and see a therapist if you feel like it 's necessary .
look fuck that guy but systemic rape still is n't funny .
how are we supposed to know its joke when you didnt make it clear at all not even adding the s at the end for scarsms .
pretty common in rented office spaces and rare in homes where you do n't normally install anything as surface mounted .
your submission has been automatically removed and flagged for review by a moderator because it indicates you might be asking for monetary support which is in violation of the sub rules .
your submission will be approved if it meets our posting guidelines .
do not delete your comment/post or else we wo n't be able to review it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/childfree if you have any questions or concerns .
i just behave like a normal person and look forward and might take a good look at dat ass if she is pretty
at this stage the best you really can be is friends .
if he 's initiating a lot that 's a great sign .
question bunkies does anyone know have a close up on the ring yara was wearing at the tell all ... .
i think i love it but cant find any photos of it anywhere ... .. please help a fellow redditor out !
i just moved to a new apartment a couple of days ago it has a cockroach infestation ... . every night when i enter the kitchen there are at least ten of them walking over the walls the kitchen sink on the floor ... .
sometimes they even adventure somewhere else in the house last night there was one besides my bed ... .. yeah i can barely sleep lately researching every single thing that may help me get rid of them ... .
already called in the exterminators but i have a huge fear that it wo n't be enough and the new apartment will be overrun by the roaches ... .
the one i remember most was the pregnant lady who iirc was kosher and a co-worker tricked her into eating something non-kosher and it made her pretty sick .
the co-worker posted online as well about op not fitting in to work culture and somebody linked the two posts in the comments .
i need to see if there 's been a new update actually last i remember they fired the co-worker op was advised by legal council to not update too much until they were able to get through litigation of some sort .
with all of these i now feel like finding a old kona and turning it into a gravel bike or just a fun hardtail .
i 've got a old dawg but sadly i need ot bigger .
ok as a chinese person seeing comments like this makes me go crazy .
i 'm born and raised in china and i never heard that it 's rude to pour yourself drinks or eat all your food ...
i always get my own drinks and eat all the food in the plate .
i just got off the phone with my doctor and started the process for a breast reduction .
i 'm in british columbia canada and he said the wait time would be considerable and there would be some checklists to go through with the specialist but i 'm on my way !
i 've wanted to do this for years and i just wanted to say thanks a friend of a friend recommended this thread and it 's been so helpful hearing about your experiences and seeing all the support from everyone .
i 'm way less intimidated by the whole thing than i used to be !
if anyone has been through the process in bc i would love to hear about how it went for you ?
i 'll start off by saying both shows were before my time never watched any of the movies so i was going in with a clean slate .
i tried watching tng because i am a big patrick stewart fan but i could n't even make it through the first episode ... .
i 'll give it another chance eventually but at the time i did n't have the patience to force myself through it .
so i went back further to the original series to give it a go .
even though it is more dated in essentially every way possible there is something i find very charming about it .
i am now 5 episodes deep into season 1 tos and am looking forward to more .
even though it is incredibly cheesy at times it still captures my attention and leaves me wanting more .
that 's all i really wanted to say i 'll probably have a follow up as i make it through the series and give tng another chance .
a news reporter on tv is speaking we are here at the abandoned colosseum and the police found have a massacre of 1 adult male and 40 children all varying in age .
the current suspect at large is a man named clein brensly .
we have found his weapons that have been used in the massacre a beretta 9mm pistol an akm and a bladed weapon .
all of these were found at his place with his finger prints on them a stash of gunpowder under his house and a motorcycle he potentially used for his escape .
if any information is found please contact your local authorities so that clein brensly may be detained .
right now we have a witness natalie granger what was it that you saw ? ''
the camera pans over to a woman in a suit and tie clearly distressed why has this happened ! ?
i thought we were safe but that monster showed up ! ! ''
the camera pans back to the reporter i do n't think we will get much questions from her until she has calmed down but nonetheless if any information on mr. brensly is found please contact the local police . ''
im trying to overclock my 144hz omen hp 25 monitor to 165hz and it works but the monitor displays the message signal is out of range and suspension will begin in 25 seconds '' is there any way to make my overclock work ?
i have an rx 480 and im using the amd control panel to overclock the monitor btw .
i just moved into blackwell yesterday and wondering which wifi is the fastest in general ?
you do n't need to be upset that people can now train their woodcutting with a 25 boost people are acting like this is a competitive game .
relax man if you do n't wan na chase the yak you do n't got ta
a relative moderated a gpt survey site under the age of 18 and managed to exploit a bug they found and took just under 8,000 .
the owner ended up finding out and had threatened legal action if not paid back so they their family have been forced to pay it back in significant increments .
it has almost been 2 months of monthly payments and they 're not sure how long they can remain financially stable during this time .
my question is was it really illegal for them to have abused that bug especially given the fact that they were employed under the age of 18 .
if so what ways can they go about sorting it legally without the offender getting in damaging legal trouble eg a criminal record at such a young age .
i recently reread the broken trilogy for like the tenth time am in desperate need for similar vibes .
i first read it in 2017 and then went on a kidnap/savior/military binge but never came close to anything that pulled at my heart strings quite like this story did .
the whole i saved you i 'm going to help you heal and fall madly in live with me h
alpha/badass h but he 's not over the top caveman
sweet steamy scenes would have been better if they were more frequent but we ca n't have it all ...
i 'm also totally fine with authors/stories similar to anything j.l .
drake i 've read pretty much all of their books already to tide me over .
similar tropes that i 've read did not care for include taking tessa by aria cole predator by michelle horst .
the chest rig https imgur.com/a/kl48gsm holds six 5.56 magazines in the rig and two pistol mags pistol mag pouches also hold 5.56 magazines and even some radios on the wings .
also comes with one .308 insert that can be swapped with a 5.56 insert if you want to hold 2x .308 magazines .
the mag wings internal elastic magazine inserts and dangler are removable for a totally modular setup .
the rig also includes a dangler pouch for mags ammo etc..
the dangler has an adjustable bungee cord for a tourniquet .
https imgur.com/a/6ropv5d in total the rig is capable of holding a whopping 11 5.56 magazines when using the wings and dangler !
the rigs are extremely durable and made of 1000d nylon unlike others on the market that use 500d or 600d nylon .
these drop down tactical map/phone pouches https imgur.com/a/nsihuna are the last piece of kit you need to finish up that plate carrier or chest rig .
free up your hands and keep your map or phone right where you can see and access it .
constructed of 1000d nylon and only require 2 rows of molle to mount .
10 each when added to any order of a chest rig .
lightly used never oced great condition still have original box .
no trades here but have some pending along with a lot of fb trades and ebay sales will have it shipped next day .
a couple of days ago on saturday i went over to a close guy friend 's place with other friends and we half hooked up .
for context i 've always liked him but we were both in long-term relationships when we met 2 years ago .
this year though i broke up with my boyfriend of 9 years we have 2 kids together at the beginning of the year and this close guy friend talked me through a lot of the hardest parts and was always there for me .
this summer we stopped talking as much as before as he was going through his own relationship troubles 6 years together .
bad timing though here because he broke up with her 5 days before we hung out a few days ago .
so now fast forward back to a few days ago ...
i drank too much and crashed in his bed .
during the night we started going at it but something went wrong .
he said his d bent the other way or something and we had to stop .
in the morning he was n't in bed when i woke up but came back to see me .
i asked if he wanted to lay down and he did so we cuddled but i felt like he was being cold and distant .
despite that he made a comment saying that he was getting turned on ...
the cuddle became more sexual and he made a comment saying i was being a tease but although i really wanted to i was hesitant to be the first one to initiate anything because of how i was still getting the feeling that he was cold/distant .
he eventually said he had some cleaning to do and left to do that .
not even 5 mins later he came back in the room to say that this is awkward but his ex just texted him to say she 's on her way to come pick up some stuff .
i 'm not entirely sure if that was true or not but i left .
before leaving things were really awkward although he did give me a hug and said he 'd called me later .
evening rolled around and i still had n't heard from him .
i could tell he had clearly ghosted me because although he never texted me back he replied to another friend in a group chat we have going .
evening came again and i could n't take it anymore .
i messaged him saying that although the night could have gone better i had no regrets .
i also said that i value our friendship though and we can put what happened in the past and just move on from it .
he 's obviously not interested but it hurts that a close friend would ghost me like this .
i do n't even know what to do or what to think as a result of all this as i feel like i 've lost a friend from one bad decision .
the worst part is that i 've always liked him and because of some bad circumstances the hook up did n't even go well at all .
same for the next morning as the teasing did n't go anywhere and i feel really bad about that .
i just do n't know where to take this from here on out as i 'm absolutely distraught and ca n't focus on anything else .
for anyone new to the space or for those who wish to explore further into de-fi and nft 's i 'd thought i 'd make a post on how to set up any network to be compatible with your metamask .
the standard network that you will start off with will be ethereum this post will explain how to switch to bsc harmony kcc etc .
while you can manually add networks to your wallet by going to settings networks add network input the network details .
there is a much easier way to do it which is to visit https chainlist.org https chainlist.org
once on this site connect your metamask to it .
after successfully connecting simply search for the network you want to operate on .
for this example i will add the network matic polygon to my metamask .
so simply type 'matic ' into the search bar and the network details will pop up for you .
next click on 'add to metamask ' on the network .
this will prompt a pop up that will ask you to approve the network .
simply accept it and the network will now be added to your metamask automatically .
you can then switch between whichever network you want to operate on .
i am currently looking for an insurance for my mother not sure whether to get health or life .
she doesnt have any insurance right now so i am planning to get one for her since she is getting much older already and she has no job as well we only have a property that 's for rent so that 's the income she gets lang .
i am the eldest in the family 25f and i have 2 siblings 22f and 15m .
our dad died 7 years ago and he did not have any insurance lucky for us our relatives were there to support us financially .
but right now i wan na get one for her so that if something happens knock on wood at least she has an insurance .
i know my mom is too old na for an insurance and probably it will be expensive but appreciate if you can give me suggestions on what to get for her if there 's a cheap one better .
hi i built a computer this summer and it has been working well except when i play some games such as valorant .
i am on high settings getting about 80 fps and sometimes my display and keyboard and mouse rgb go black but my fans spin up and the fan and ram rgb is lit .
the cpu debug light is on when this happens but everything seems to be installed correctly .
hey there i 've been curious about ve chat for a while and i think it 's time i finally see what it 's all about !
the problem is ... . i know nothing about vr hahaha
i already have a pc that i think can run it pretty smooth i9 2060 16gb ram etc ... i 'm more just curious about a good headset .
idk if i need full body tracking right away but i would like to get a headset that 's capable of adding that feature if i wanted .
budget is n't too much of an issue but i obviously do n't wan na break the bank hah
globex a cybersecurity and internet privacy provider of swiss hosted solutions for secure communications and secure data management .
tonight august 24th globex ceo alain ghiai will be one of 8 emerging business representatives on new to the street 's 217th tv show lineup .
on the program he helps viewers understand the typical open platforms people use while on the internet and the risk of using these platforms with the likelihood of individuals and corporate entities being hacked .
tune into newsmax tv at 10:30 tonight august 24th to catch the special .
free shipping at 89 otherwise free ship to store or 8 shipping .
this is their skinny fit which does n't work for everybody though the 2 elastane should help .
edit i should mention these are almost certainly not selvedge but still a great value for n f .
ayo i 'm looking for a more active guild .
the guild i 'm in now has high level players in it but only half the guild ever participates .
i 'm level 488 rn and out preforming all of our 1000 level members which is quite frustrating and makes the game lose alot of its enjoyment when a handful of u are pulling the whole guild .
the font will come out better if i can maybe get a higher resolution scan of this text .
either way i 'll share the font here once it 's done .
how do i get my amiibos to come to my island ?
i 've tried scanning them from resident services three times and just keep getting the randomized villagers .
i 'm looking for a loyal and honest sugar baby who is trust worthy and straight forward to be making me happy at the convenient time and be keeping my company when i 'm bored .
i 'll be taking care of all the bills and weekly allowance in addition .
i decided to have a coffee today because i was falling asleep during meetings and i was constipated .
joke is in me because now i 'm constipated and in pain .
not really sure what to post here gon na try and change it up .
looking to talk with someone and play games like leauge or to just shoot the shit and enjoy the company .
first and foremost i 'm not looking for anything sexual off the rip since i 'm just getting back to putting myself out there .
if it blossoms into more and thats where it goes i 'll go with the flow kinda thing but i more so want to make a meaningful connection with another human being that dosnt last only a few hours .
music is the language of my love it really gets to me how it can touch hearts .
latley i have been getting back into chiodos and on my sleepless nights i 've been rocking out to 3am from them lol .
i play games and are kinda my main way to unwind .
atm my currents are leauge and then wow on my raid nights and some off nights .
been looking at games like split gate and such as well .
i am a dog and bird lover i have a gray hound mix and blue heiler .
along with a breeding pair of cockatiels that i am currently working on getting them to start laying eggs .
i enjoy anime really watch alot of the main stream stuff .
do n't really know a whole lot of the obscure ones with my favorite being cowboy bebop .
i do have a guilty pleasure of korean dramas lol i just finished up kings avatar .
so do need a new recommendation in that regard .
mostly watch science and cooking youtube channels and some kinda comedy commentary ones .
i do listen to podcasts on spotify with the main one atm being dungeons and daddies .
i do cook pretty decent at i think i havent starved to death yet lol i also do like reading fantasy novels .
i own my own house as well kinda thing .
i 'm pretty introverted with exoverted tendencies so i can be pretty wild and such and tend to try and ease people into my personality so i do n't scare em off .
a perfect night in atm is putting something on the tele or putting on some music .
make some pizza from scratch and watch something or listen to something .
maybe have a few drinks game a little and then cuddle the blue heiler and pass out .
ummm trying to think of what else ppl put on these .
i do drink coffee and no i do n't prefer starbucks or anything my perfect coffee comes from a sleezy gas station .
i know its weird but it 's how i roll lol .
let 's see let 's see what else i really ca n't think of anything off the top of my head so if i sound like your style of person just shoot me a message and i will answer .
here are a few pictures of me in the wild
thanks for reading hope you all enjoy ur nights and staying safe .
hello all i wonder if you can all help me have a look at this qc pictures of the cf batman on jubilee i have just received .
i know there were some problems with first batman batch but this are suposed to be the latest as i ordered in july and just received the qc
i recently got into playing nobushi since i am interested in the naginata.i can kill about 50 or more of the people i fight every time i play her but would like to get better.any tips.other than spamming lights .
instead of streaming i decided to focus on my mental health and get some sleep tonight .
so i will follow everyone who follows tonight when i wake up .
i 'm just a chastity locked little sissy boy who 's looking for a strong willed and muscled .
to put a collar around my neck and turn me into her little pet !
i love pet play incest femdom watersports forced bi anal toys chastity oral face sitting food play being pushed around hair pulling spanking feminization and humiliation !
sorry i could n't post any photos but i hope you know what i 'm talking about on the dome arenas map there 's three of those tall orange/yellow containers that only some legends can get to the top of this is obviously a disadvantages to those who ca n't reach that area not only that but this container 's causes the map to be one sided one team will always spawn closer these containers as it makes it the only unsymmetrical map on arenas compared to other maps where both teams have the same high and low ground at the same distance from spawn .
in conclusion i think that the spawn points should be changed and an out of bounds timer should be added to the top of these containers .
so 1300km riding under my belt fall free and had my first phantom power cut was n't riding to the point of pushback which normally kicks in around 23km/h board just spontaneously cut power to the motor was riding a downhill segment battery at 60 at around 22km/h on perfectly smooth terrain no debris or bumps on the road .
took a heavy nosedive left elbow took a battering and my hip has some lovely road rash but pretty sure there 's no breaks luckily !
what has been broken is a little bit of trust in the boards os i know i 've read of others having this issue i 'm assuming there is no real explanation for this phenomenon but if anyone has suggestions i am open to them !
i do not like the sudden fear of instadeath that will now plague future floats !
cho chnh mnh hi c cc cch ngm du tm vi ng no ngon nh em ang tm cng thc mi  bo ch mn du tm do nh em thu hoch khng t ri gi khng bit x tr ra sau .
mong c p n sm nht c th t pha mnh nha .
 em ngm cho ngon sn sng cho ma h thanh nhit
h an nhin pha trn th theo mnh bit du tm l mt loi hoa qu ng c nhiu cht vitamin nc cht khong .
loi qu ny c nh gi kh n ha c khng t chc nng cho th cht nh lm p da bc tc kinh nghim h tiu ha h tr gim cn hiu qu .
trong s nhng cch ch tao kh d chi c rt nhiu bn yu chung c bit l lm siro du tm .
cng hng n ngay ni dung bi vit sau y vi mnh nha .
bc 1 bn em du tm ra nh du vi nc trnh trng hp ra qu mnh s lm du b dp d hng lc ngm .
ra khong 2 3 ln nc cho du sch s bi th vt ra r  ro .
du tm d nt and m mu ra tay nn trong tin trnh ra chng ta nn mang gng tay  bo m lau chi cng nh trnh m mu ra tay sau y rt kh ra .
hi anyone got this to work lately spinning infinite loop while running infer schema ...
2021-08-24 08:41:21.994 info process 3465 exit with code '0 ' signal 'null '
2021-08-24 08:41:24.335 info process 3484 exit with code '0 ' signal 'null '
topic wondering if since i have it unlocked i can continue to progress on it after the event is over in a week or so .
toga yablunytsya https toga.kpblm.info/en https toga.kpblm.info/en toga has a bar garden barbecue facilities and terrace in yablunytsya .
among the facilities of this property are a restaurant a 24-hour front desk and room service along with free wifi throughout the property .
    7     yablunytsya 46008 ukraine
posting this under a side account as to avoid hurting anyone 's feelings .
i 'm officially in the third trimester this week .
my boyfriend and i live together with my sibling and their partner but it 's getting tough .
they agreed to move out months ago we all know covid has screwed the housing/rental market but my sibling barely makes any effort to look for somewhere to live .
neither of them pay rent either which is difficult for us .
paying all the utilities rent and food for 4 people is hard enough.. but i 'm at a point in my pregnancy that i ca n't work or be on my feet for any extended amount of time .
that puts us solely on my boyfriend 's income and he does n't deserve to be supporting my family because they ca n't pick up the slack .
it would be so much easier if it was just us two and our little one on the way .
in a small house the nursery room is occupied by my sibling and their partner as well .
we need somewhere safe to put our baby close to our bedroom .
baby will be in the co-sleeper with us for a few weeks but we barely have enough room for that .
anyone have any suggestions on how to breach the subject to my sibling in a more stern ' way ?
we 've spoken on it many times but my sibling is acting like a martyr because of the difficult times we 're all facing .
i care more about my growing family than hurting feelings .
my sibling and i will always be close but i have to take care of my family .
for starters you are crippled from the start of the battle because you are only allotted 2 turns while your enemy will always have 3. enough to both start buffs and do damage .
its even true for the guys who are either trying to kill you or do evil things aka people who kinda do n't deserve that restraint ?
secondly is that so far each fight has been overtly attuned .
while it is meant to show how the game is played combos and teamwork every single keeper fight is vastly attuned .
i could undersatnd this being the case for more powerful or skilled individuals but so far tis every keeper fight that is equally attuned .
it feels like ikt demands a level of prepardeness that is illogical to expect especially if you are playing this for the first time .
i think a live event for some of the costumes that have only been available through raffles or art competitions would be a great idea .
i 'm super unartistic and do n't have twitter but have wanted the black knight costume more than anything since the beginning of season 2 .
having a chance to win it through in-game skill would be awesome .
i started skating 3 years ago and learned how to do shuv-its .
then i moved on to ollies and ended up giving up bc it felt impossible .
i started skating again 2 weeks ago and finally can ollie .
i want to make sure i have every single fundamental perfect before i move onto new tricks .
for example i ride regular footed and now i want to get comfortable riding goofy to the point where i can do each trick i learn regular and goofy .
is this the right thing to do or should i focus on regular stance only ?
so my friend was at a party when she saw a kpop song that she said made her understand how kpop causes people awakenings '' and i 'm trying to find the song .
it 's a girl group closer to 5 members than 9 but she does n't remember the exact number and when the chorus hits they all turn bend over and shake their butt at the camera .
she said they were wearing skintight long black pants .
she ca n't tell me anything about the song itself but i figure if it was being played at the party it 's probably newer .
edit she also says there was lots of gold and glitter and at some point they were wearing extremely short skirts but i 'd take extremely '' with a grain of salt
i am not really good at wearing sunscreen although i am trying my best so my question is do you need to wear sunscreen at an index of 0 or 1 ?
i have an app that can track the uv index so i am just curious if you need the spf even at a 0 .
and if so would a 30 spf be enough ?
or is a spf 50 better for any type of index ?
i am just a bit lost with the uv index scale so any clarifications or recommendantions would be greatly appreciated !
a place for members of r/la501crew to chat with each other
so i 'm currently trying to complete my digital portfolio due on the 1 september but i ca n't open the revit file properly .
i reduced file size from 100mb to 70mb by removing all unused families but the issue persists .
at first i was n't able to open it at all so i opened an older save and through it i purged unused objects .
now i can open the file but i can not switch to any other view i 'm stuck in one of my plan views .
whenever i try to open something else revit ceases to respond .
i have no idea what else to do my laptop is not the best but everything was fine until 2 hours ago .
i need that file to finish my portfolio or i may not graduate so all help is appreciated .
say a png at 9000x13500 pretty huge but will that mean increased dpi if its not optimized for printing ?
cricket shoes are indispensable for professional cricketers so their choice should be taken responsibly .
so the upper and sole must be made of soft quality material that meets all hygienic requirements and sewing standards .
got some sl 120s today and wanted to connect 3 groups of 3 to the mobo via their hub .
the hub is listed in the device manager tho .
tried reinstalling l-connect as administrator and uninstalled rgb fusion 2.0 .
when i connect the fans to the mobo directly they are listed in the bios but not the lian li softwear .
the 4 pin is for the fan speed iirc .
where do i plug the 3 pin cable in tho ?
i did a case change aswell and removed and old ssd and hdd and just kept the m.2 inside .
but i do n't think that is the problem .
one of the first signs for me which i realised in hindsight was that our cat who we 've had for years started sleeping under the covers right by my stomach for the first 8 weeks .
we realised we were pregnant at around 5 weeks and joined the dots .
heat taxi driver godfather part 2 goodfellas king of comedy mean streets .
want to make it to the top one day .
too bad it does n't look even close to that with the naked eye .
r/sexdoll beautiful and hot girls you could see as a sex doll ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hotclub if you have any questions or concerns .
that state lives on pork and he knows it .
earmark 100 billion to wv and az and it 's a done deal .
sadly that 's the trap of all x are y therefore all y are x '' .
swap men for x and human for y and re-read .
all men are human therefore all humans are men .
a great skillset for any siege battle that relies on hp mons skogul khmun etc .
i definitely do n't know more than all those trainers you paid for but this is what i did for what it 's worth
crate started off on the floor touching my bed frame .
i 'd place my hand on top of the crate and dog eventually settled after licking my hand and whining and all that .
over 3 months i inched the dog crate further from my bed until it was in the doorway of my room .
i walked my dog almost every night before bed a good long walk to help drain some energy .
we do need to learn but the point is that it is an uncontrolled supply shortage not a controlled one they can have entirely different outcomes .
scrub it with apc and a stiff nylon brush ie a tire brush .
depending on the exact wax you might not get it off completely but whatever is left will gradually disappear by itself .
if thanos is an ally do n't grant ability energy because thanos is mad at her being the daughter of deadpool and death .
well by saying best of all time in the premier league they 're implying he 's number 1 on their all time list most viewers especially less interested fans will think he 's west ham 's number one scorer now
dude the guy is fucking cool and has super fast shipping !
i put in water for 12 hours then in paper towel for about 48 hours then planted i get home today and she 's literally poking out with her seed case on her little head .
op is explaining that while the vaccinated can still spread the virus symptomatic expression is less likely which helps mitgate the spread .
so i can see where you 're common from .
but he was basically an anarchists and his main crusade was land reform .
he took land from all the aristocrats and turned it over to the families who had been forced to work it .
basically imagine john brown or spartacus or william wallace successfully leads a slave/peasant revolt .
they kill all the slave owners and overseers they can catch .
they also kill as many local politicians as they can .
give the land to the former slaves on equal allotments .
the slave army marches all the way to washington dc/rome john brown walks into congress and demands some
he gets killed to prevent himself from becoming emperor like julius caesar .
but his land reforms stick until 1994 and nafta abolish them .
but also american corn is allowed to flow into mexico tariff free .
which puts millions of mexicans farmers outta work and with no land titles anymore .
which forces the descendants of zapatas peasant army to cross the usa border and take low paying labor jobs in american kitchens .
where they are easily exploited because they have no rights and are defacto second class citizens .
but their only other option was starve and die .
so they swallow their pride and they hope their children who are usa citizens wont have to face the same indignities .
but also these former farmers teach their kids about zapata .
and how the revolution was eventually betrayed and a new elite formed .
so instead its your job to grow strong and study and work hard and to be ready when the day comes .
and every little mexican-american boy and girl that gets told this story by their great-grandparents who lived thru the revolution and once saw the man .
will i see him with my own eyes too .
will i be the lucky generation that gets to restart where zapata left off .
it was a project for myself for a startup i own .
so i guess you could say there was a client but it was me .
walaupun gw nyoblos jokowi 2x karena jokowi anak metal dan prabowo dikebiri skrng gw mikirnya it 's all meaningless .
tp gw ga akan bohong selama pandemi ini ga sekali atau dua kali gw berfikir kalo misalnya prabowo yang menang walaupun korupsi bakalan tetep ada ga akan separah kelakuan2 orang2 pdi .
semuanya juga korupsi tp paling busuk skrng ya tetep pdi lah atau golkar .
my leftist christian friends would beg to differ that the left is godless.
if you watched mr robot you would understand how this could be a very bad idea .
lol he just ca n't stop talking ... in character and out of character .
yeah write everything down and cross it off as its done .
if your tech savvy a smart watch can help .
this industry ai n't easy and it ai n't for everyone no shame in knowing your own strengths and weaknesses .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/r4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/r4r is not a discussion forum except for metas .
here 's a convenient link for mobile users pm u/idrinktoomuchwater1 .
for more information see just pm them they know .
this action does not hide this post or affect its visibility or ranking in any way it is simply to prevent comments which are not appropriate .
if there is an issue with this post and it breaks the rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
ops who wish to enable comments and accept low-effort responses may do so by adding ! unlock to the body of their submissions .
ops who abuse the unlock system will lose the ability to unlock their posts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
hell yes as much and more than you would want
i just got my pro statement email from home depot ... .
pretty sure i could have bought a car by now but instead i have a bunch of team red stuff .
i mean if they do n't take it after government approval i do n't know what else to tell them .
some people just want to believe they were right all along about something and just ignore truth or facts for satisfaction
hmm i do n't know much about it it probably can drive hd6xx but it wo n't fix the small soundstage of it .
your post was removed because it does not contain a valid title tag .
be advised that title tags are distinct from post flairs which are optional on this subreddit .
click here http www.reddit.com/r/meetpeople/submit ? selftext=true to create a new post .
please include one of the following tags in your title being careful to use square brackets and not parentheses or curly braces
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/meetpeople if you have any questions or concerns .
the thing is literally everyone else in geralt 's crew thinks geralt is overreacting .
cahir just did his job on the other side of the war and he did it much more nobly '' then he needed to .
and really he was sent to rescue ciri from a city that had just fallen under a brutal siege by a rogue '' general .
witcher universe does n't pretend that this is a nice or safe place to be in the best of circumstances let alone being a woman .
obviously ciri did n't see it this way and that 's really to be expected .
very few characters in the witcher do n't have massive blemishes on their personal character .
foltest would probably be the next memorable one although he does have the whole incest '' thing but none the less is a character that stands out as being a spectacularly good '' and understanding at heart which is extremely impressive seeing as he is a king .
geralt is just very sensitive about anything to do with ciri .
he 's also prone to moments of somewhat sulky pouty moody '' behaviour in the books .
i think specifically because of these characters being standout in a grim/grey world the witcher book community feels more strongly about their depictions .
same with x. i was a huge fan but i wo n't say anything on the people who dislike him for da domestic abuse shit as we never got a conclusion to it but i will say one thing both him n pop never got the life that they both earned and it 's sad asf .
same with juice n peep shit gets me sad asf just thinkin bout it
i 'll grab and suck them while you ride my dick .
and utica also but it might be a little small
our mental health days was our mom taking us along with her to run errands .
most of the time at costco and getting one of their delicious ice cream bars from the food court .
cooked is one word for it ... could also add orwellian distopian totally insane mind bending beyond belief .
so many i know feel like they are stuck in some weird nightmare..
but enough about nightmares better to just rub some shiny and calm da mind  
he 's insanely young and has every physical trait .
also his issues are just peoples opinions maybe the lions didnt think it was a big of a deal as this guy .
go read up on airlink that 's wut u need
i usually just bottle it up and move away from the situation or person that got me angry .
this does n't work every time though i snap every once in a blue moon
hacking.. he still got okish movement for a hacker though
you should have bought a takachi instead of a bobcat
i 'll admit it was a bit length however i only did so because they wanted to know more .
this is why i was so surprised no one answered the message .
these people are n't vaccinating their of age children bc they believe it 's not necessary .
one woman 's kid has had covid already and she still says no .
that 's what gets me i just do n't think they would risk their own kids .
that 's why i try to find some good in them .
totally resonate with the idea of at one point this will be a memory it sucks because i could be having a great time with my friends or doing something i enjoy and the only thought that pops into my mind is there will be a time that this over and you 're just sitting kn your bed
i read that 's what 's been filling up pediatric icus here in co .
my comment is being downvoted so here is one of a number of links discussing this challenge that hospitals were facing .
it seems like that it would take 15 years .
this field is not really encouraging if you want a story of fast progress .
i estimate the 200 million miles a years have to be driven in order to have hopes a massive metropolitan launches .
i end up eating it with chopsticks half the time because i do n't wan na have to scrub away at my hands getting the smell and grease off but knife and fork sounds good too
might want to mark your post as a spoiler so readers can choose to avoid this info .
ah yes i 'm going back to my house made of living creatures .
! personally and this is just headcannon i think they have mutual respect .
i also think dragon told shanks about luffy and even asked that he checks up on him as a favor .
dragon looks out the balcony toward east blue so presumably he cares .
but it 's not like dragon can go check up on luffy or ask garp .
like if you 're ever in the east blue ... '' type of thing ... !
someone offered me 100 bitcoin to proofread an essay for college .
i said no because bitcoin was basically worthless at the time .
as others have said this is a typical light roast high acidity and also taste notes mention black tea and green grapes which point to a very fruity and floral taste see https notbadcoffee.com/flavor-wheel-en https notbadcoffee.com/flavor-wheel-en
you have n't mentioned anything about the grind size .
if it 's finely ground for aeropress not inverted aeropress then you can try this recipe
pour 30 gms of water at 83 degrees c. start timer as you pour .
pour more water till the total water weight is 240 gms .
stir in circular fashion for 12 times in increasing frequency for each stir .
at 1:20 on the timer start pressing down gently aim to finish by 1:50 .
this recipe is based on nachammai estate recipe that i used for a long time .
this coffee seems to have notes and roast level that is pretty close .
this can be a good starting point but feel free to tweak more to get the right taste to fit the coffee and your palate .
i do n't think it was an unreasonable ask if you 're in a relationship and about to live together in that space .
there 's really no right or wrong here though and you guys should talk this through some more .
the real losers here are the majority in that namespace .
kelly probably wrote the sign herself just to get a laugh .
material would 've shifted in those five billion years though .
for example there was likely an ice giant that got ejected out of the solar system .
a lot of other objects might 've been ejected or captured into orbit by the sun .
myb is an answer as in slang for my bad .
maybe i 'm just old but i 've never heard it shortened to myb .
why is bonnie so short in the first picture he is the tallest fnaf 1 animatronic
because someone with a phd in supply chain management can make a stupid decision regarding getting vaccinated ?
as a former resident of that area 40 years ago in wich my car was broken into twice and had stuff stolen i imagine it 's worse now .
it was not group for actually men going their own way '' but a revolving door for men going through the red pill rage '' .
seemed more like just one big giant case of sour grapes really .
curious if you can hold both usd and cad cash in the same account and whether usd stocks settle in usd or you are forced to convert to cad when selling ?
for the 20k in assets is that per account or in total among your trading accounts ?
i see nothing but perfection you are beautiful in every way 
assuming i 'm being banned for the same reason ?
hm true there have been long standing stereotypes that black and muslims are bad '' .
i know this because my grandparents told me this and they 're traditional chinese .
i still try to get rid of them to this day .
now it 's 20 to restake 2.2 matic i 've earned .
guess that 's what i get for being poor .
that 's not really what twi is like at all .
many pov yes but all of them work towards a greater overall plot .
it gives lead popping power and 1 damage to ceramics and moabs .
however it also gives 1 damage to fortified leads believe it or not .
i did n't even know that until i just checked lol .
my stock halo is so beefy but my gg halo is working in as a money disc .
anyone had any problems with delixe edition i bought it the other day and downladed all the stuff with it but it still wants me to buy the deluxe edition upgrade im on playstation btw
and anxiety can be really confusing with lots of mood swings so try not to beat yourself up about it .
also distraction can be really mundane like going through the alphabet and naming 10 things that start with each letter or something just to get you through the most panicked/uncomfortable moments .
psychedelics are the safest drugs overdose ability especially and are independently associated with a drop in suicide risk and addiction .
would you rather people jump in and maybe have a scary trip because there were progressive memes or would you rather keep seeing the acid kills brain cells '' memes we 've been seeing based in unfounded stigma for our whole lives ?
lmao which goes to a point i 've been making for months that there are n't near as many hackers as people want their to be they just suck and want something to blame for it .
edit i actually had a post get pulled because i pointed this out and asked what they 'd blame next once the anti cheat came out and basically everyone said they did n't believe the anticheat would work so they would still say there were hackers
i just came off the tandem pump and now on the dexcom only .
i balled things up in applying a new transmitter and sensor and got a no restart kind of message on my phone app and dexcom receiver .
dexcom support told me to stop sensor on app and receiver then simply hit restart .
it worked and i did n't have to take out the transmitter .
from what i 've seen on youtube dexcom thinks we 're trying to game the system by finding restart hacks .
the dexcom rep told me in no uncertain terms to not take out the transmitter .
are you capable of original thought or just repeating what you 're told ?
as to everything else i think you really need to listen to fauci especially regarding masks .
he specifically said the drug store masks do n't do anything i do n't think people even raised the prospect of cloth masks at the time and he admitted he lied and not because of changing data .
in 2021 he said get vaccinated to stop variants .
of course it 's vitally important to note that no study was performed to see the impact the vaccines would have on new variants .
so in essence he 's saying that concern he raised in 2020 when he was downplaying vaccines no longer applies and there was no science to consult regarding this change .
but if that 's your excuse you need to cite the change in circumstances or data .
i 'm in louisiana so all i got are oyster shells and mud
scott was funny but he was to different from his roti appearance for me to enjoy him that much .
your submission was automatically removed because trades are not allowed to be influenced on wording as per rule 1 .
please change your description as we do not allow low to be used in trade posts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rocketleagueexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah dude it took me a long time to tell my therapist .
i ended up telling him by not giving myself time to think .
i found that i could n't get better unless i told him everything .
have you seen the alhanolu vs dortmund free kick ?
that 's the deepest and most outrageous free kick i 've ever seen .
it 's very important that you do your research in the regards to the law .
ontario is probably the hardest place on the continent to be a landlord .
it 's important to know what you are getting into .
to specifically comment one of the things you 're thinking of doing to prepare the place unless you are paying for the hydro i would not waste money on high efficiency light bulbs .
and some general advise do n't try to be the good '' landlord .
there are bad tenants out there that only have a place to live because there are new landlords they can screw over .
it 's a metaphor for dealing with loss and hardship in general each of the women in the team has different trauma they 're working through .
the title annihilation refers to the idea that to truly get over a terrible loss one must annihilate their old self and become someone new .
each woman does this in a different way one is driven mad with grief and paranoia and self-destructs so badly she almost brings down everyone with her eaten by bear one accepts their own self-annihilation but refuses to go on to rebuild themselves plant lady one tries desperately to hold on to their old self and is literally destroyed by it cancer lady double metaphor wooo and finally lena completely accepts her annihilation and rebirth and leaves the shimmer essentially an entirely different person just like her ex the only survivor of the first group .
the movie is basically a whole beginner 's course on decoding metaphor and symbolism all on its own .
ive been watching it for 10 times now feel like heaven i meant forest
lived in bristol for a few years always loved riding my motorcycle thru collinsville on my way to barkhamsted reservoir .
it was actually tidy lol i just took it yesterday to show my friend and i was in a valorant lobby so i did n't feel like turning on the lights
they 've just given me a free 6 month upgrade from 100/20 to 250/40 and damn i do n't want to go back
it does i was just on kbm on this exact game about an hour ago
i 'm happiest losing it to diluc since i use him and cons are helpful .
i 'd actually consider it a win if i got mona or jean because i do n't own them yet .
i mean characters that are given to you right away from beginning .
i didnt realize that i could pull noelle as beginner wish until someone pointed it out to me
c4 noelle here desperately needing her 2 best cons give nao .
c6 barbara so barb would be also nice cuz c6 pulls=1 extra pull so less primo to c2/3 baal .
i do n't know i just started but i figure since the option is actually there in the app that it does happen once in a while .
i specifically did n't vote for liberal in 2019 because he broke his election reform promises .
i even sent an email to my mp when i found out he was abandoning it .
now i would vote satan himself before i vote liberal .
we picked up someone 's 2018 last 2 fantasy picks
this my favorite argument that i would use if you 're in a position where you need to ask someone to start hrt like if you live with parents who are n't fully there or are a little hesitant because if you start hrt you 're almost guaranteed to figure it out .
option 1-hrt is js right for you and you feel amazing .
option 2-hrt is not right for you you feel like shit and get 'real ' dysphoria .
option 3-it has very minimal mental effects at which point it 's kinda up to you to continue or not .
lol like you have the ability to type your cc information/shipping info and pass the anti bot stuff twice .
you do n't need to lie to people on the internet .
lighthouse museum and michigan city lighthouse then on your way back you can stop at fair oaks farms .
another option go camping at brown county state park in southern indiana .
why did the woman who got beat in the head unlock the door so the amazon driver could come inside ?
the last thing you want to do when you are a victim of a crime is be isolated in a room with your assailant .
i also wonder what did the woman say to provoke the driver to beat her ?
my second mock was right in line with yours .
areas that i would focus on would be the coso integrated framework erm along with it and understanding wacc .
look over the mock exams and try and to figure out why you missed some questions .
watch the skills practice videos and try them again .
plenty of my questions on the exam today were just common sense .
when i was a kid we would ask do you know what hiv is ? ''
if they said yes we would ask are you positive ? ''
one of my favorite hot springs is public co ed and suit optional .
i 've never experienced anything scary or even slightly creepy .
i 'm a guile guy but i may reach for gerbil or gambit someday
cant stop watching what if he gets to the top at some point and its actually there  .
no but several of these customisations will be shown be many transmogs which if you like them you may choose to use .
most clothing items can also be hidden if you want to show them off .
id give him one too if i stop pulling mastermind lol
the other 1 and 22 hours could be scrap warrior .
i am hoping we get kick-ass food trucks from this and it trickles down to charlotte because dang lamb kebabs are good !
i 'm worried we are reaching apathy in regards to anything covid and not just from the covid is a hoax weirdos .
i 'm afraid people will just not bother to get testing because it 's a hassle and they 've been nose poked a few times with negatives so they instead continue life as normal stuff some tylenol in their kid send them to school and head in to work .
when you get to a couple years in it 's hard to not get apathetic especially because we 've had it good compared to the states .
we can all be free and enjoy each other 's company .
there is big money in transporting people and drugs across the boarder .
these people can afford to build tunnels or purchase boats .
your submission was automatically removed because submission is not an approved site .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
hey ... .. that 's my naughty chair ! !
you know what 's happens now do n't you 
someone needs to look and see if narcissist is trademarked as a brand .
if it is n't then it 's prolly not clothes .
trim the swear bot 's dictionary or just nuke it completely ?
obviously not a priority just a random annoyance every now and then upon learning about new words not allowed .
was activated back when other mods expected millions of subscribers our comments getting quoted daily in financial articles and this becoming wsb 2.0 keeping the known wsb lingo banned is certainly fine .
i 'd say there 's no reason to start tyson this season .
oh haldol is a heavy antipsychotic i ca n't relate with that with my olanzapine .
your pdoc did n't tried 2nd generation antipsychotics with you ?
fat nazis crying like the little bitches they are never cease to amuse me .
do n't sign up to fight for a cause that by design attracts cowardly bitches .
you 're going to get stomped out like you always do .
i bet you could n't wait for lunch after seeing that beautiful sight .
make sure to post your link as a comment in your post so people know where to find you .
with the coming changes to of we started a sub to promote fansly creators .
post on r/justfansly has a lot of information about fansly including a q a with fansly support .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansasstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
francis trouble being 3 tiers above room on fire 
i missed the entry on boeing  i had the order for 216 .
if what the intended was a militia that could fight back aganist the government then they absolutely meant that you 're right to have a chain gun should n't be infringed .
you should also be allowed to have an abrams and a nuclear missile in your garage .
red green 'allo 'allo up pompeii ... all of those i 've never heard leave the lips of another person ever .
well except red green but that 's my dad .
demi 's voice sounds a lot more annoying than i remember
that way you can also claim unemployement in the meantime until you get another job if they fire you .
no one knows the long term side effects of covid either .
damn this guys favorite track is silk road afghanistan p
make me more forward and it 'll sit in the pocket better .
take me on you should start your mix on me not on
i 'll be gone do n't be afraid to make it uglier and more forward .
in a day or two just bring it forward and it wo n't be so airy .
let me know if you want to talk more in depth .
i 'm his video he said do n't worry about his money and when he sells well it was mention in some earlier post he said 5,000 he was making an example but if he sold his 2,503 shares that he showed on the screen in his last video that would be 12,515,000 before taxes so when he says 801k and higher is thinking way outside the box and the hedge funds want that imbedded into our minds and miss the squeeze over being greedy it 's understandable to me do i want to see an 801k floor i would most likely shit myself .
but honestly with the xxxx apes not holding for the xx and xxx is really gon na take true conviction and genuine love for anyone or ape that is holding !
your post was automatically removed because your account does n't have at least 10 combined karma this is to prevent spam bots throw away/troll accounts .
please reach at least 10 combined karma before posting your request again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wallpaperrequests if you have any questions or concerns .
hell i 've been waiting since 2016 so idk .
the bottom 1 is the only one i 'd take but its reward is so small it 's not worth it
they 'll look back on this and feel guilty for it .
hit up some friends and enjoy a night out .
hit the strip club if you have to haha cheers brother !
the lgbt community has been a protected class since 1964. you 're just wrong .
claiming they 're well represented in the church is just laughable i cant take it seriously .
i recommend you do some research as to why .
season 2 and 3 are very very close for me .
any chance you could draw mikan being happy using one ?
or even she holding cotton candy/caramel apple will do d
but he got punished for leaking government secrets did n't he ?
i do n't think he got punished for defending mcguilded it 's not like britain had the defense culpability act
yeah so all i can say is thank you for choosing my cover i got super emotional when i saw this cause i had no idea that id have the tremendous honor of having someone play my shit during a moment like this .
i put this together a year ago during lockdown and never would i have believed then that a year later someone in another corner of the world would want to just blast that on their wedding .
ill upload the song on my youtube asap and let yall know .
edit ive uploaded the video onto my youtube channel .
again thank you this shit is so wholesome i cant even .
got ta keep those goal posts on a moving track !
5000000 its either go big or go to hell because of my many war crimes .
did you weigh it down with cans in the fridge ?
before we destroy out panties here in fully vaccinated and i belive all healthy people should get a vaccination .
i do n't recall saying it was in the name of traditioni hate tradition .
my basic reasoning is that the boys want to break off for a few days on their ownlet them .
as to the groups you mentioned different religions and sexualities break off into groups to do their own thing all the time .
catholics going on a retreat to learn about the theology of the body seems unproblematic to me .
race seems dicier particularly for the dominant race but that 's because racism seems intrinsic to the reason for grouping .
i 'm not persuaded that boys wanting to go on their own camping trip is intrinsically sexist it 's boys getting away to follow their peculiar tastes .
i 'm aware of the theory that boys and girls do n't differ in tastes except for cultural conditioning .
the theory is wrong see pinker the blank slate for a good summary of what evolutionary theory tells us about human nature including evolved sex differences .
also my partner is a much faster runner than me .
could y'all just fuck off it started as a simple mistake
nta because she is stealing from you and justifying it
all social media open both ways fair is fair .
she 's broken your trust and hurt you deeply and you need to open up no holes barred .
she broke this she needs to do the heavy lifting .
let her see what life is in the greener pasture .
it 's greener because of the bullsh*t used for fertilizer .
she has chosen this guy over you she needs to understand you are only 1st choice not back up plan .
be ready with divorce papers to cut through the fog .
when the creator 's actually show vision and passion the campaign can seriously be great .
i am wondering from your post why did you have to provide a canadian address whereas you 've applied from outside canada .
same and i 've been inactive for over a year .
just tell them there 's a limited supply available only for pure '' patriots .
i stand corrected it says one now so i 'm here alone apparently
now he keeps spamming the scene where naruto turns into the giant shuriken sigh
scrambled egg by toast is much better than scrambled egg on toast .
that 's right and the best way to keep the company whose content you 're republishing happy is to credit them clearly and link to the full content on their platform .
neurodivergent people are just more interesting to be around .
for an index fund i 've never seen an drp price at a discount to market price as someone else pointed out it 's usually market price at the time the announcement is made .
i 'm not aware of many other funds that offer a discount the only one that comes to mind is magellan mgf that offers 7.5 discount to nav .
individual stocks are more likely to offer a discount but i have n't looked to see how many do these days .
some of the big ones like wow stopped a couple of years ago but it seems to come and go .
this is america supposedly ya know ... land of the brave home of the free .
or did that just sound good at the time but has really just been bullshit all this time .
the weight capacity is n't the problem with the g9 .
the issue is that the center of mass is so far forward that the tilting mechanism might not be able to take it .
that 's why the hx needs the heavy-duty mount .
if it does n't sag it can take it .
say hello and add a friendly comment to another user 's post on the sub while you wait for someone to comment on your post !
when someone contacts you review their profile before responding .
help us make this a better community by becoming familiar with the rules .
report any suspicious users to the mods of this subreddit using modmail here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere or reddit site admins here https www.reddit.com/report .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere if you have any questions or concerns .
hello your post was removed because your account is less than 60 days old or you do not have the required 500 comment karma to make post submissions .
my sister was talking about asian but i was n't sure .
if you think this post is a shitpost upvote this comment !
if you think this post is a godawfulpost downvote this comment !
and now some info that 's only relevant if this post is a video/gif .
all comments tagging downloader bots will be automatically removed on behalf of kevin because he does n't like it when you spam requests for those bots .
therefore i have provided some download links for you instead .
please use these links if you want to download this post .
kevin would also like to remind you that if you 're really desperate youtube-dl can be used to download videos from reddit .
whilst you 're here godfatherdoh why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/qpbgxd2guu ?
every stock on wsb will make you a millionaire allegedly .
op indicationpuzzled660 please check for sauce in the following reposts found in the other subreddits .
pornid need a name for this woman https redd.it/p1tvdf 92 august 10 2021 22:53:26 1 14 historyforgotten
haha just logged on and there 's only 2 wtf ! ! !
at the time i was mortified but after a while you just either ignore it together or laugh .
nooo how could he introduce corruption into the pristine and sacred innocent world of motorsports
you should repost this when the sub is less flooded .
is that some sort of american problem that i 'm too european to understand ?
literally takes 2 seconds to transfer 5k to most other banks for me .
i see well that makes a bit more sense now .
not sure why they are basing awards on hypotheticals or how useful this is but anyway at least they are being consistent .
the better you are the higher quality of gameplay .
he 's a good boy but the thing he did seems less forgivable than sunny did
i think you 're taking one passing comment from a very long interview and creating this whirlwind of issues in your own head .
the guy is proud of his work as he should be .
also think about it from his perspective for a sec ...
he 's the primary songwriter who also write the orchestral compositions to lay the ground work for will .
vocals are a piece of the puzzle but it 's not the whole thing ... but since this is deathcore and primarily fans of the genre are n't instrumentalists the density of his work gets overlooked because people are snarling and snorting overtop of it haha which is totally fine and i get it ... all i 'm saying is i understand his perspective .
i used to play in a shitty djent band called galactic pegasus and all djent kids care about is gear and how technically confusing your music is .
vocals fall by the wayside because they are n't the focal point .
that 's fine but we were all over the toxicity of that scene .
when we rebranded to deathcore as carcosa it was a breath of fresh air to have people who just wanted to hear breakdowns and blast beats ... less pressure to write elaborate math music and play 0 's .
just play breakdowns vocals go brr and everyone is happy .
i have no problem accepting the fact that people do n't care about the modal interchange i used or the borrowed sub-dominants i incorporated into the breakdown to bring us back to the chorus without modulating haha you want to scream your hearts out and headbang .
i 'm all for it and i 'm sure adam is as well .
sometimes you just want a little love and recognition but i do n't think it means he wants to make it all about himself y'know ?
torches and pitchforks are not needed my friends it 's all gucci .
been looking at hex as some friends rave about it is n't the reward for staking insanely high ?
you can find all boss drops in the bosses '' tab .
ca n't pick one so i 'll give you four
there are very few papers in india that can be called left leaning .
most are centre or centre left with papers like wire trying to sensationalize events .
right leaning papers are more harmful because they do n't acknowledge bad things that happen in india or make excuses for crimes .
if we did n't case about judgements we most of us would freely post on our social media handles .
the physical copy is just a box with cardboard with a code on it .
but yes 76 comes with steel reign/dawn and wastelanders .
for what it 's worth i think geelong fans overplay the significance of that miss .
yes it would have meant extra time but the cats were out on their feet .
in all likelihood extra time would have resulted in a larger loss as the hawks were on fire and well on top in those closing minutes .
mooney 's miss before half time in 2008 grand final though ... that one was costly .
you have no idea how long i debated on whether or not i needed to put a s on the end of that .
i do n't think so since he did n't even make it past the frag boost .
knowing how much of a dumb ass he is i think he would try it without even knowing how to wallrun and would just improvise along the way .
when you forget to bring drinks to the cook out !
surprised there 's not more chatter in here about kni today was a nutjob launch today i sold out at 385 when it hit 98c .
doubt that opportunity will happen again for me so i 'll take that graciously and say thank you i 'll put that towards some of the massive msb losses i 'm carrying around my neck .
was he not explicitly clear he said league winning conte win multiple league title with juve before winning one with us and then went on to a drab inter team and win them their first title in 10 years .
he 's definitely a top 5 manager in world football his champions league blemish is the only thing keeping him from top 3 .
unless he just sees the costume and not tom 's face .
in which case he probably will assume it 's his '' peter .
alternately if he 's realized at this point that he 's in a parallel universe he could guess that this universe 's spider-man was also named peter .
they have all day breakfast in my town in wisconsin
rdr2 is so full of slow unneccesary console-like actions !
tap e many times hold f slow down in a camp and walk for 5 minutes from camp entrance to the quest giver !
this is not about game athmosphere this is about childish console gameplay !
i liked the story and graphics but the above things ruin the game for me .
last 4 q/hp of smalls i picked up had zero shake .
would n't get one gram loose if you tried .
shake is another totally different product that has no place in a bag of weed .
so 12 bucks per mask wo n't even get them printed full size but it might get them modeled by the right guy .
i could possibly model them as say 3 base masks 3 horns 3 decorations .
still looking at closer to 25 a mask to be a good job .
why does my system sometimes consume so much extra power very high is power usage in the below pic .
it was fine till yesterday normal battery life of around 4 hours but now my battery depletes 50 charge in 1 hour .
this happened before also but i updated the bios and the problem was gone .
i checked now but there is no bios update this time .
today 's card is diaspora movement https ssimeonoff.github.io/cards-list t04 t04
gain 1 mc for each jovian tag in play including this .
as soon as i am placed i will be working on this .
since it is a data mod you can not use it in ranked games .
unique monk and monastery bohemian monastery will be replced by teutonic one sprites based on religion of the culture
unqiue castle sprite for every civ except indians bohemians poles sicilians burgundians .
i have already thought about the magyar and frank ones .
i shall use the wonders if necessary but wonders are 55 instead of 44 .
add a west european sprite to donjons for civs other than mediterranean the sprite of tower of flies
stable hussars these are light cavalry units at a time frame they should n't exist .
only poles lithuanians and magyars should have the hussar '' which they already have .
probably gon na replace it with envoy unit without the hero thing .
giving lances to knights at present i only have 1 sprite for knights robert guiscard .
if i do n't have i will drop the plan .
the game data will be the same despite changing the dataset .
i will keep the data exactly same as the official one .
in chapter 51 when rand first confronts ba'alzamon he manifests a blade of the light '' .
not the heron-mark blade but a blade of light a blade of the light .
even as he raised it a fiery white bolt shot from the point as if the blade itself had reached out .
then he proceeds to turn the dream fade into glowy dust .
i presumed rand was instinctively drawing on the eye of the world and using the one power here .
however there is an odd reaction from ba'alzamon as if the sword were something actually worth fearing .
is he simply referring to the one power and thinks rand is too inexperienced and will burn himself out creating one power light swords ?
or did rand actually ! access the true power ! ?
is this simply manifesting reality in a ! dreamshard ! or some one power weave ?
! he 's used this technique at other points in the story to sever black cords .
the trim along the floor of the hallway and bathroom is in pretty rough shape .
chipped paint rubbed off literally falling of the wall in some areas .
but i have no experience in this type of thing .
do i buy a whole board or cut it at home depot ?
i do n't have power tools or money for them .
can i make do with hand saws and hammers ?
i had it under control for one month and 3 days but now..wow .
my teacher was discussing mental health in class and they talked about some ... triggering topic and i fucking lost it .
i switched off my camera went to the washroom and yk.. ! cut ! myself ... .and the worst part is that these are the deepest ! cuts ! i have made in a while .
i cried for a while..and then i tried to clean up cuz..the bathroom was kinda ! red ! and a mess .
and now it wo n't fucking stop ! bleeding ! and i don '' t have bandage at home !
i do n't even know what to say to my family ad the people who care about me ... .i feel so fucked up embarrassed ashamed and horrible about myself ...
model deepika padukone the liril and close-up girl who is currently making waves on tv in composer himesh reshammiya's music video has now finalised for her movie debut .
even as there were reports that deepika was being singled out by farah khan for her next film happy new year the svelte daughter of former all-england world badminton champion prakash padukone has gone ahead and signed a kannada film .
the film is called aishwarya '' says deepika and i am cast opposite kannada superstar upendra he played sanjay dutt 's character in the kannada version of munnabhai called uppidada mbbs expected to release shortly with indrajit lankesh directing .
it is a performance-based role and as i am from bangalore i can speak kannada fluently '' padukone explains .
why did she make her showbiz debut with a music video when she was negotiating with various filmmakers for her bollywood break ?
music-video offers kept coming in but nothing had excited me that much .
when himesh and his sister roopa chadha she is the stylist and the video director prashant chadha called me to their office they made me hear the song  naam hai tera .
somehow i connected with the music which has a fusion of western rock and indian melody .
my gut-feeling gave me the green signal to go ahead .
i also liked the surreal concept  where the guy has gone through heartbreak and now meets my character symbolising optimism and hope .
after this assignment i do n't think i 'll take up more music videos .
my prime focus will now be hindi movies '' insists the model-actress who has completed a three-month acting course under the tutelage of anupam kher .
although she has posed for the kingfisher calendar  where models dress in dare-bare outfits  deepika is not game for exposure in bollywood .
given a choice i would refrain from movies like murder and prefer the hum dil de chuke sanam parineeta and kal ho na ho genre .
i am not in a tearing hurry to strike it big and use shortcuts to success '' she smiles .
is it true that abhishek bachchan is her dream hero ?
of course why just me i am sure every young actress would love to be paired with abhishek .
but i would also love to be cast opposite hrithik roshan and shah rukh khan .
and to work with boman irani who is an amazing actor some day '' says the chirpy padukone who was a budding badminton champ like her dad but preferred to drift into cinema .
in the game of showbiz you can score a smash hit with the racket of your acting talent '' she signs off with a starry twinkle in her eye .
mtmm group in our first threesome ... we all talked online and just hung out a lot before hand and by the time the night happened ... well it was good .
we all felt so at ease and it was more romantic than kinky ... well also all be doing one on ones to balance things out ...
so this weekend i went on a surfing trip to have some chill time which was absolute bliss !
i found a tarot reader whilst walking around town and well i could n't help but be intrigued .
with everything that 's been happening i focused my thoughts on my financial future and well the reading could n't have jacked my tits any harder .
it was a seven card pick up i closed my eyes and only chose a card when i felt a twinge in my finger ... .
now i wish i took a photo of the outcome as i ca n't remember the names of the cards and the full meaning other than the last one but i was just quite overwhelmed and had to go find a beer quick however the cards and their meanings were basically this
a knight will come into your life and show you the way before quickly disappearing ... . got ta be dfv !
what i did to better myself ... all in gme baby
the troubles and lost sleep to come ... incoming fud/family and friends doubting and big price drops along side the endless research done
this was a judgement card and basically translated to me doubting the process for a time and wanting to exit but ca n't break these  
this is the one that made my mind explode ... .
the card was an image of a lobster half out of a lake facing up a path which was guarded by wolves and above them was a  the card signifies that a hard decision is to come that only i can make whether to settle for comfort or hold onto your wits and see if through to the end ... .
anyway this excited me and still is especially after yesterday so i wanted to share with all of you and hopefully tweak some nips 
buy/hold ... . see you on the other side ! !
i have been trying to download the tricky and sonic.exe mods but they are all .rar how do i download these ?
offer for neon dodo 5 dodos and 2 metal ox
offer for neon trex 5 trex and fr golden griffin
offer for neon snow owl 3 snow owls 2 trex and ride peacock
offer for a neon robo dog or neon dragon 2 robo dogs 2 dragons and 2 cerberus
offer for a neon guardian lion 3 guardian lions 2 king bees
offer for a random neon legendary 3 dodos and 2 metal ox or 5 aussie eggs
sorry if any of these are a little under but comment if you 'll do any and i 'll try get back to you as soon as i can .
mainly after heartbreak how do you cope with being vulnerable again/trusting new people and not being in fear of abandonment in general ?
the rumor about the girl with the most startling shine
a girl so perplexing no word in the dictionary can define
that 's how she chose to live so prestigiously divine
inevitably i would go blind if her gaze interlocks with mine
it 's no wonder why i 'm so obsessed over you
even if you 're lightyears away i would still pursue
you 're someone i would never want to say adieu ''
you 're more beautiful than any heavenly body no need for explanation
even if i search the whole milky way no one would ever compare
the one that would be your end is your very own flare
follow my twitter    twitter https twitter.com/parmesan_chiz ? s=09
what do u do when you get to half guard bottom ?
essentially i am a male adventure who is sent out to slay a succubus queen .
my character eventually arrived is defeated gender bent and molested by her tentacles .
during the tentacle mess her body expands from being simple and plain post gender bend to becoming thick as all .
she is pumped full of aphrodisiacs making her crave more and more .
constantly being pleasured by the tentacles unable to cum .
the succubus then fucks her intensely solidifying my character as the succubus sex slave and allowing her to cum violently .
none of the listed kinks are required in the roleplay except tentacles futa and genderbender .
if interested please message me with your kinks and limits please .
then we can discuss how we can take this further .
i hope we can have lots of fun together and if you want you can check out some of the other prompts on my profile !
my daddy used to come in my room and softly spread my legs and touch my pussynwith the softest circles i 've ever felt to this day .
iknew it was bad but my pussy was soaked and throbbing .
he 'd ask if iwanted him to stop and all i could do is moan uh uh '' and he 'd laugh and say that feel good ? ''
i been had trouble with this issue for weeks the z axis was n't working with a modified ender3 firmware and was so annoying .
so basically if the motherboard is n't define motherboard board\_mks\_robin\_e3\_v1\_1 then z axis driver does n't work .
configure and compile with platformio plugin auto build marlin does n't work .
if you did n't know tomar 's live on his twitch right now we 're bullying him with crowd control lol
also he 's got a youtube channel for his vod 's that you should sub to
i moved my game to my d drive a few months ago today i downloaded dyndolod 3.0 and when launching texgen and dyndolod through vortex it says its still using my old game path c program files ... etc and wo n't start .
does anyone know where i can update this game path ?
vortex seems to know where my game is so i 'm at a loss .
should someone set up a travis scott rep page ?
it would be dedicated to anything travis scott so shoes clothes accessories .
meaning anything travis could be kept on one page so we could get a bit more diversity back into this page .
it is ok if it 's in lower concentrations .
but if it 's in higher concentration or is the main ingredient it irritates my face .
it 's not an immediate reaction but i get painful blind pimples after 12-24 hrs .
my skin is dry af and it 's present in almost all hydrating serums  .
i got a dozen sheet masks from faceshop their solution range hydrating and soothing .
both contain ha as one of their main ingredients .
also it just sits on my face for long time without getting absorbed
looking for this case to build my first ssf pc .
i 'm fine with new or used as long as there 's no major cosmetic damage .
ima get some heroin street speed benzo and ketamine i do think im safe with low dosage ketamine 0.5mg klonazepam low dosage heroin and medium dose amphetamine and shooting it .
do u guys think it will get a good high ?
i belive it might be one of the best rushes/highs u can get .
ok i 've looked online for a while and ca n't seem to find the information .
i 've heard there are censored and uncensored versions of this set ?
the example of the one i want to get is on amazon link to product here https amzn.to/3mjskjd .
since amazon removed the ask a question '' option i 'm unable to ask people who actually bought this set the question i need the answer to .
i 've never seen this show but it 's definitely my style and i want to watch it in full and without censorship if possible before watching the newest one on funimation .
can anyone please tell me if they own this set and whether or not it is uncensored ?
so i had a b5 stock and am replacing it with a dd stock .
the b5 came off with ease but my dd pin seems to not want to move out of the way far enough to slide it on .
anyone else have this problem or know of a solution ?
hello after logging onto my ps3 after hearing about gta v 's shut down i decided i would check my games however two of my games were missing how do i get them back ?
for those that signed up for alliance discord how do i add the server to my discord ?
i authorized my account to link with the alliance server on webpage but i dont see the server on my desktop app .
i 'm re watching sofia the first with my daughter and was thinking why do n't they have a sequel show ! ?
i want to see amber sofia and james running the kingdom !
the only time we see them as teens is in the last episode of elana of avalor during her coronation .
i 'm a life long name nerd and i 'm very excited to finally have a baby boy of my own to name !
my husband and i have decided on the name malcolm .
it clicked for us immediately when all other boy names seemed 'meh ' .
i 'm aussie and he 's english we live in australia but spend a lot of the time in england with family pre-covid .
i 've seen a lot of positive comments on here about malcolm from us based name nerds and i 'm happy to hear more !
but i 'm interested on hearing impressions from aussies and brits given the potential differences with associations past and current popularity etc .
season 1 was phenomenal season 2 was dry compared to season 1.i just dont want to waste hope on season 3.i feel like what made season 2 dry was the fact that they did n't have their original powers or the fact that they were n't in hill town or had any permanent love intrests.or no good characters .
seeing as all the characters from season 1 either died or disappeared .
im really enjoying the demo and will probably buy it when its out !
great idea and execution the world even tho simple its really immersive .
but im wondering how do i use the iron pot ?
it says 100 cooking and im here cooking meat and the tool is not loosing durability like other tools .
do i need a recipe for some complex cooking that requires a cooking pot ?
i am no longer playing under a scholarship for our manager cancelled our scholarship due to the update .
i am already an experienced player before the update i was able to gain 227 slp maximum and 200 slp minimum the highest mmr i was able to maintain was 1350 .
i am very confident in my skills and knowlege .
i will offer my loyalty to your program just like what i did for my former scholarship .
i will not be a burden for i will extend my hands in helping you reach your goal .
has anyone had any good experiences networking or job hunting with bumble business ?
this article discusses cognitive load and some of the mental challenges associated with taking notes including the split-attention effect https hyperia.net/blog/reducing-the-cognitive-load-of-note-taking https tn-stg.hyperia.net/blog/reducing-the-cognitive-load-of-note-taking
i 've used z-edit throughout the entire day with no issues whatsoever .
now whenever i try to open it up it gives me this error
at object.loadplugins ... then it just keeps going so i think you get the point .
i noticed that my unnofficial skyrim patch got some new masters which i would remove but i ca n't get into z-edit to do it .
a place for members of r/stricklypowerstrokes to chat with each other
let me eat my chips n cream cheese in peace .
i do n't want tears running down my face while i 'm trying to drink a root beer ya know ?
this question has been on my mind for a long time since i notice this happen to me a lot more in smash ultimate .
so i wanted to know if any of you guys on this sub have had it happen where you meant to go for something like a forward tilt only for it to be a smash attack or down b out of shield only for your character to spot dodge then use down b or wanting to roll right but the game instead rolls left ?
i ask this because it has happened to me so many times with it being the most problematic on ganondorf and kazuya for me .
this represents a sample '' from a population '' .
can hypothesis testing '' solve the following style of question what is the probability that a randomly selected basketball player from the population will be taller than 200 cm '' ?
my logic would be to see how well does your existing sample follow a standard normal distribution .
assuming that the sample follows a standard normal distribution you can use the z-score to find out the probability that a randomly selected basketball player from the population is taller than 200 cm .
but what would you do if the sample does not follow a standard normal distribution ?
are there any methods in statistics that allow you to answer these kinds of questions regardless of the underlying distribution of the data ?
why does it seem like no one cares about issues like this ?
it 's very real and we live in a reality where even 2 2 equaling 4 is questioned and dismissed .
critical thinking is important but not to the point where it deteriorates our ability to understand and comprehend genuine issues .
it seems like people are afraid to experience alternate opinions .
there 's nothing wrong with agreeing to disagree but i digress .
this vaccine mandate is truly an exercise in tyranny and it is a very very dangerous precedent being set .
if you are reading this please do not just rollover and accept what is happening .
there are so many events happening on a global scale and are overlapping to culminate into another major event .
whether that be a financial catastrophe cyber attack another wave of covid ... they have a playbook pick your poison .
the fact of the matter is that people just seem like they sit back and take it .
i talk to people at work and will just ask simple question of what do you think of this vaccine campaign and the passport concept '' and they just reply with whatever it takes to go back to normal '' or i do n't really care '' .
people are so conditioned to not question the things around them and i get so angry because i care so much .
i care so much about every one of you whether you are reading this or not .
what is happening right now globally is not in any way normal .
like i said before what we are experiencing is an exercise in tyranny ladies and gentlemen .
and it will not go away it wo n't blow over .
this is real and it 's here to stay .
the powers that be want to control every facet of existence so that it fits their plan and how they think things should be as opposed to affording people free will .
it 's sick and twisted and it will not stop until common folk like you and i resist .
hi all i heard we get an erasable board and marker for the in-person exam .
does anyone know how big the erasable board is and what type of markers we get ?
even better does anyone have a link to the exact tools so that i can buy it to practice for the exam ?
hi everyone i 'm anyu and as the title says i 'd like to make friends !
i just got out of a bad relationship thus having to take an impromptu road trip back to texas from virginia ugh and would really like to meet cool new people for this new start .
long story short it 's been a rough year and i need to feel human again lol
like i said before i can be pretty shy .
people have told me they initially thought i was standoffish thank u social anxiety until they got to know me .
they would also describe me as humble genuine and kind though i think they give me too much credit lol .
not just memes or random videos i find interesting but also things like food .
i also like to make things for people like drawings and cards
i 'm also 5'1 latina dark brown hair/eyes and currently on the chubby side .
i was losing a lot of weight up until i found myself in a bad situation and got depressed .
i 'm trying to pick myself up again and go to the gym regularly so we can be accountability buddies if you 'd like lol or if u know any good workouts please send em my way !
games i 'm a sucker for nintendo games the zelda series in particular rpgs sim games etc .
sadly i 'm not much of a pc player due to only having a laptop that can barely run games but i do have games in there like rimworld white day and sims 4 lol
music i am fond of edm/trance but my tastes are not necessarily restricted to certain genres .
some music comes from rock new age jazz classical bachata or jpop for example .
tv/movies series i 'm currently watching include better call saul invincible and ozark .
i 'm also trying to get through the star wars stuff so i finally started watching the clone wars animated series .
i love watching movies particularly thrillers and horror films though i do appreciate romcoms comedies action and historic movies .
i can be very timid and shy so i 'm not sure i am quite ready for voice chat but i 'm willing to try once i warm up to ya .
if you 're still interested and i did n't scare u off feel free to drop me a pm telling me a little about yourself and we 'll see where it goes from there !
i noticed the first time my control deck got run over .
did a system refresh and other games load fine just hoa has this issue
i do n't see one on the my syllabus .
i have a contractor doing a remodel on our kitchen .
they moved an outlet like 5 feet to the side .
coincidentally our dryer lost its heating element the exact same time they moved it it spins but no heat .
i had an appliance technician come by and they said there was nothing wrong with the dryer that they can find .
that it could be the mother board in the dryer or it could be something electrical .
when they tested it there was no neutral '' for the dryer element .
the only thing was the movement of the gfci outlet which does n't even share the same wall as our dryer .
what are the chances that the movement of the outlet from a completely different wall messed with the dryer 's issue of having no neutral '' ?
i do not want to be a business partner .
i want to work with employees counsel them make schedules hire new people onboard employees plan activities for new hires etc ?
yeah well i do n't wan na eat orca either so there
forgive my ignorance nobody ever taught me to shop for food and theres like 4 grocery stores within 50 miles of me so i 'm figuring it out .
i just barely found out a few minutes ago that meal replacement shakes '' do n't actually replace meals .
i climbed this about 25 years ago and my memory is of the top being just a rocky outcrop not rain forest .
1 why is bonnie uhh how do i say this nicely brown
2 why does past cc have wings is that after the bite and why are the sidings so bad
4 you know i ca n't really see much cringe they have good designs
6 why the hell she getting a nosebleed they just hugging
7 tf they blushing for is n't william glitchtrap and vanny a teenager
8 ah yes i always break into my boyfriends from when he playing a game and demand cuddles
9 is that shit real i hope that 's a joke
10 jesus i thought the other one had bad disigns
11 they are blushing so there is a cursed ship somewhere
12 you know i saw that once i think they also ship clara with glitchtrap i was just looking at aftons meet family videos
13 why the hell is there a desk and how does she know who he is
14 is william stabbing ennard with a gun and shooting him with a knife
15 so no one else gets hard when a robot appears behind wou and lays on you
17 is n't that when they put his voice lines over michael doing something is it that one where ennard protects him from everything cause he a wittle cry baby
19 so did he fall or did he just sit on michale as he was doing pushups
too bad he does n't trust himself to throw a fastball
it 's dangerous laughing that hard when you 're that old .
just a quick question how much bro do you need to give her to make her disappear i have already gave 2000 something
not everyone dates or has a boyfriend in high school .
stop comparing yourself to tiktok which is highlights and not reality .
you could get a darker color for the one 's you use and shade the bg for more detail i think it would help it for u
that dude is mostly know to be character witnesses at trials of white nationalists .
i think he thinks he is helping but he probably is n't .
i did n't really get into horror movies until after the pandemic started so i never really saw any in theaters .
i was literally wondering just yesterday if i was missing anything by not seeing them in theaters .
it sounds like i definitely would be better off watching them at home .
 please return the favor on some of my posts ?
yeah but at the same time if you have the account wide unlocks you lose something else that some people might value which is character progression/development .
i would n't be so quick to say ffxiv model is unfriendly .
the idea here is that if you want to unlock everything there 's no need to have alts and if you want to have alts well.. you probably want them to be built up completely detached from the achievements of your main/other alts .
to me it makes perfect sense to not share untradeable stuff among alts .
season 9 is literally what got me into the entire real housewives universe ! !
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma both types there are two types of karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link karma and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
i was a night of new back in the days !
why have a 100mph fastball when you can throw junk out of the zone .
well say you start sex and you ensure a condom is put on .
part way through he slips it off without you knowing .
chances are no because they consented to safe protected sex .
now they have to go get std checks and plan b .
by their standards consenting to sex opens them up to any and all possibilities .
probably could go higher but i 'm sure at that point it wo n't be stable .
am i the only one seeing it right when the video starts ?
would be nice if you provided system specs to warn others that may come across your post .
besides the keyboard and mouse issue your experience is not typical .
never said it was the album i said i was looking for the source on the nft that went from 700 to 35.000 or whatever crazy number it was .
i could n't find anything all i could find was those two items which are tangientally related to tory lanez and they sold for 7,600 and 8,011 usd which is shown in the sale history
it 's likely that the mobo will actually ship with a bios compatible for this cpu but it is an easy fix if it does n't .
from a medical only state do n't see recreational on the state level for a while but i am in favor of recreational use .
however i do n't support recreational on a federal scale as it is a state right and authority per 10th amendment and the less the fed controls the better .
try to eat slowly and take small sips of water in between .
if you can bring tums with you for the bloating .
you need someone under your desk giving that pussy a good tongue fuck ! !
thank you for your kind words  my canned response is to remind people it 's a pandemic and we 're doing our best just like everyone else .
but honestly i could tell them to go fuck themselves and my hospital probably still would n't fire me because of how short staffed we are 
i 've been googling and i can only find them and the dutch reformed church '' which i 've never even heard of .
people will probably have a very hard time proving an exemption on religious grounds i guess .
it 's hard for me to imagine a 2p game more replayable than twilight struggle especially with the turn zero expansion that makes the setup variable .
i love the different decks managing what you need to do each turn especially with a scoring card in your hand the uncertainty of your opponent 's plan etc .
it 's just a fantastic existence each time i play it .
there is a vet here open at night i 'm just not sure how much they will charge i do n't have all the money in the world .
please pixonic since the update 7.3 i 'm having a very difficult time playing the game .
very frustrating that the ability button has been moved down .
i play on a tablet and sometimes on a phone my thumb keeps accidentally hitting the ability button now .
i am forced to put my thumb in the middle of the screen to turn left and right not very comfortable playing the game .
others have mentioned in the clan that we should be able to move these buttons ourselves to put them in a comfortable spot for our devices can you do that thank you android samsung s6 tablet
this feature could be turned off by unchecking the box use the caps lock key to switch to and from abc in system preference keyboard input sources
if this is a raid be sure to leave a comment with your in game name .
if the host adds you assume you are doing the raid and do not spam other posts please .
host please make sure to only add those who are doing the raid !
do not leave the raid with less than 20 seconds left !
after the raid is done add the remaining people that added you and then remove them to save your friends list space .
if you decline it they will be unable to add you in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongoraids if you have any questions or concerns .
i think it 's neat how lydia can sass kim but because she speaks so gently and sounds so sweet kim ca n't quite tell if she can be mad or not .
like she just said i feel like this conversation has taken a wrong turn '' and kim is like sorry ma'am . ''
the only fsm resident they interviewed lives on guam .
did they not have anyone actually in the fsm to ask them what people there actually think lol
i hate to dox you like this but you 're totally tolkien 's ghost .
i was a lashify user for almost 2 years .
joined the fb group where people gave tips/tricks she was active on it .
she liked to mock brands that had a similar concept to hers i.e .
kiss falscara and tried getting her fans '' to mock them as well they did .
i do n't know i never really interacted personally with her .
i got super mean girl vibes from her though .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/booty_lovers if you have any questions or concerns .
and even if they did they most likely would n't have been referring to the rednecks but to the amount of soldiers in the army and that would n't be the only reason japan does n't invade the us .
not on the bike track between hobart and 'norchy everyone wears helmets apart from the kids on monkey bikes who should n't be there
i know everyone has already pointed out checking for nails and chemical treatments etc. but please follow the warnings on the crate and do not ship by rail .
if you put anything made with that wood on a train the railgods will be angered and the world may lose their favor permanently .
i think a major rule of thumb is that if you lend family members money do n't expect to see it again .
obviously not always the case but it happens often enough and can ruin relationships .
now somebody only needs to find that one since i 've never seen anything other than vbjin-ovr ever mentioned anywhere .
that one does have the two modes you 're talking about as well ... though iirc one of them was broken when using the index .
you wo n't have hyper inflation your weak currency is always problematic but your countries debt to gdp levels are n't terrible although no one has any faith in your country .
still persistent levels of high inflation have their own ills .
you 've got many benefits over countries like venezuela in that your judiciary is n't corrupt you also have smaller alternative parties to at least verbally act in opposition to the anc .
the horrific events that happened in july have likely killed any outside investment and will undoubtedly make people within your country fearful of building a new business .
like you could get your shit together and turn things around but i 'm doubtful that will happen .
the bypass paywall extension mentioned above also removes the paywall .
all we publicly know is molestations from a leaked police report .
but his parents totally enabled him and i would n't be shocked if he did worse .
what 's it like not being able to come up with legitimate reasons to hate libright and having to resort to shitty reposts ?
please remember to set your invites to never expire and add any flairs if you have n't already done so .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/discordadvertising if you have any questions or concerns .
bro what the fuck is with all the totes and tigre shit ? !
half our fucking overstock plus 3 entire megas is this shit .
also why are we scheduling zero morning stockers for plumbing some days ? !
i do n't wan na sound like a lazy manager but i am one of my departments most expensive team members .
why am i doing something we could be paying a part timer for ?
we 're working skeleton crews to make payroll and then having us do what is now another departments fucking job .
oh hey receiving manager could you schedule a couple more guys in the mornings ?
oh you 're worried you might put a chip in your 7k payroll surplus ?
oh i gotcha it 's cool i 'll just do freight from 6 to 12 then maybe start morning paperwork and out of stocks and then do my guest issues and skip my lunch for the 3rd day this weekend stretch '' .
glad to see zachary finally kick fuck out of that cunt of a purp just hope she gets more of a beating and him and kadra do n't have to deal with anymore bullshit
so you believe in preserving the dictatorship of the robber barons .
tell me which group is favoured by doing that ?
update i was recommended to get a new timing chain/tensioner no tune for this car yet
my understanding is that you can create a new independent wallet and still keep your current bag on tw .
apparently in hawaij they fucked something up because the surfer show just started when bip shluldve and now im in the forum trying to get my fix l
not surprised to be honest i 've never seen a reflection in real life idk why they would create them in a video game ?
otherwise it 's ok to keep it there all day cause it 's refrigerated .
bonkers but there 's a weird logic to it !
wenger said that only defenders should be allowed to sign a 2 year contract after 32 but all other players should sign a single year contract because of fitness levels .
so i guess it 's fine for xhaka and not for willian .
i 'm glad i 'm not the only one .
i just saw a clip from the anime the other day and i 'm still kinda freaked that he 's regular-sized and not pixie-sized  still would adopt 10/10 though
yeah as long as we 're comparing living through a pandemic instead of a historical event i.e .
something that has happened only twice in the industrial/nation-state era the spanish flu was more deadly killed babies and young adults was going on simultaneous to a world war and there was still way less forfeiture of rights it also did n't end with the quasi-mandated injection of a like 4 billion people with a brand new technology
sexting sessions over kik/telegram 4/minute minimum of 15 minutes .
rate videos 5 per minute no face and braless 7 per minute with full face and no
i show full face only to paying customers on request
i used to smoke in high school but realized that i was getting progressively worse anxiety attacks every time i got high .
after a few exceptionally bad sessions i quit for good .
smelling weed smoke for extended periods of time gives me minor anxiety now .
i can still tell the difference between good and bad weed from smelling the bud though so i got that going for me
this has been discussed rather extensively on this sub in just about every vaccine passport related thread .
check some of the other recent threads on what to do .
it has a laptop compartment lots of well-designed compartments for everything from pens to a change of clothes and it 's easy to fit to any position i want .
my first lasted over a decade of commuting in desert heat northeast salt and snow airports trains buses and boats .
if your equipment is more than a year old and maybe even six months take it all to a spectrum store and exchange it for new .
 this has escalated quickly and into unanticipated territory 
i have n't read your whole post but i agree with the general vibe !
if you have n't seen it already i highly recommend watching the steins gate and steins gate 0 anime or playing the visual novels !
it is a little slow to start but if you liked monster you should have no issue .
i came from the first one to monster and really spoiled myself on such fantastic stories .
despite having such a different tone and genre they both deal with dark themes and have excellent characters and world-building .
the shows are about 9 hours in length total but the vns both last 30-50 hours and are fully voiced and go into more detail with things mentioned in the plot .
i 'm usually told i either come across as having perfect social skills or bitchy and stoic or stuck-up .
well said i started sharing stories too because i miss working in law enforcement .
my microsoft account was most likely compromised by being accessed from china i changed the password after noticing the activity and i received a 1 month long ban for apparently using cheats '' .my ban appeal was denied too
knows how to handle the troubles that come with his position and social standing .
carefree front but very serious behind the mask ... .but i do n't like younger men xd
vyn i do n't know if i want to marry someone who would analyze my actions every time xd but hey free consultation !
luke childhood best friend stable and cool government job treats you like a queen would die for you .
does n't hold your hand when it comes to work .
if you get an idol of rebirth in act 2 and use it die in combat and get resurrected by it the resulting ashen idol of rebirth can be combined with a resurrection scroll to re-charge '' it
the actual life hack is that combining it in combat only costs 1ap making it much better than a rez scroll in terms of action economy
i think i read somewhere that lions ca n't recognize that there are people or animals or whatever inside things like buildings or cars or tents because of the way their eyes work but that could be bullshit .
what can i say that 's a worse betrayal than epic .
the ones who time and time and time and time again gave feedback suggestions ways to improve the game
and epic responded by shitting on us and calling stw a '' '' 'premium experience '' '' '' '
the community tried for years to get epic to care
now i need to find out how tasty and i 'm not stopping at your tits 
for me i think it 's knowing he saving pictures of women that he sorta knows and privately looks at them .
no other reason to do that if it 's not to rub one out .
like if he wanted pics why not of me ?
it just feels disrespectful as a partner to save pictures of other people from their accounts for my pleasure later especially if that 's not the reason why the posted them to begin with .
that 's why we have specific porn and porn actors you know .
only 3 pro games for next month is a dead giveaway .
i did follow jennifer maker and signed up for her blog to get the free svgs .
i unsubscribed after getting sooo many emails like most craft newsletters but i go back to her channel when i 'm looking to try something different .
it 's what inside that is the most amazing part
trisha fans are not the type to be constantly on the internet .
and our lives arent usually wrapped up in it .
but there is no evidence of hell or heaven of any faith and so probably no justice .
maybe it is better that humanity did not exist at all .
i definitely feel this way with a hormonal iud and have gained a lot of fat/weight and am a bottomless pit .
did you feel like the iud affected your appetite libido and dryness as well or just the pill ?
how long did it take for you to feel better after stopping ?
i 'm surprised you would mention that as a flaw considering that 's one of satisfactory 's strongest selling points .
the problem with satisfactory is that it takes forever to build anything and there is no blueprint system without mods so building at scale can be rather tedious .
the tech tree is also a bit confusing and spread out .
overall it 's a great game but definitely unfinished trains still do n't collide lol .
i found dsp to be fun but a bit shallow and lacking replayability .
once you get past the early tech everything you build is just a logistics tower with some belts coming in/out of it .
there 's no real feeling of creating a logistics network and optimizing it .
compared with factorio 's trains it 's like a millimeter deep .
this would 've been so much more enjoyable without the explanatory text
saying its basic to bring people to justice is kind of a contradiction to admitting that bad people get away with a ton .
admitting that there 's a problem de facto means even good people ca n't do much .
if they are really good they would welcome reform .
i know a retired cop who would talk openly about how he felt like he could n't even trust his partner because even cops were steeped in crime .
there would certainly be people even there who want drastic reform that guts it from the ground up .
asking whether the proportion of good ones is 30 or 10 is meaningless .
honestly i did n't even realize i was dead at first since it was my first time playing lol i thought maybe i 'd just been knocked over but nope .
after a few seconds of staring at my corpse i got a loading screen and sent back to the menu haha
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/impregr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly this is a really annoying part of my job too .
customers expect me to be a degree holding expert on pet health and nutrition know everything that is currently stocked on the floor and the price of every single item .
i 've had old ladies tell me that i should know all this stuff before working at the store which is desperate for new hires that they will take almost anyone with a pulse in the same breath that they tell me we were getting paid too much because of covid .
they expect us to be perfect automatons that can answer all their questions solve all their problems and take all their abuse all for barely subsistence wages .
it 's sickening to think that there is a large portion of people that ca n't see us as the humans we are just trying to get by in the world .
no way you tanking all that damage in revengeance if that 's what you 're playing .
learn the attack patterns and keep trying it can take a while .
on my first rev playthrough providence took me like 20 something tries to beat it can be excruciating .
however on that same playthrough i beat scal in 3 tries lmao
this is fans of any team of any sport .
look at simone biles who stepped away for mental health with alot of america turning her back on her at the olympics .
stan chotchkie 's manager we need to talk about your flair .
stan chotchkie 's manager now you know it 's up to you whether or not you want to just do the bare minimum .
or ... well like brian for example has thirty seven pieces of flair okay .
so you ... you want me to wear more ?
stan chotchkie 's manager people can get a cheeseburger anywhere okay ?
they come to chotchkie 's for the atmosphere and the attitude .
stan chotchkie 's manager look we want you to express yourself okay ?
now if you feel that the bare minimum is enough then okay .
but some people choose to wear more and we encourage that okay ?
you do want to express yourself do n't you ?
if you want a deep dive into weird notions about property try convincing americans they ca n't set up booby traps on land they own .
they just refuse to believe they ca n't intentionally try to maim and kill people if it 's their land
did you know that r/meme and has a minecraft server ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/meme if you have any questions or concerns .
wasnt hyper did n't talk excessively did n't distract classmates .
all this started when i got much older like probably high school .
i 'm usually fine when it comesto things that do n't involve studying
because we have literally gone into the most stupid age of humanity .
ok i thought momos character was going to grow in this arc as in he will grow emotionally into a man not physically become a fucking champ and kaido s new love interest i mean my gosh his dragon form is sexy as hell
a kid would do that say this is the sweeter one '' eat the sweet one take another bite out of the other one and then give it to the mom
unpaid time worked and guaranteed to happen by the design of the system is the definition of an exploitive system .
you 're not allowed to leave until 6:30p due to their relief schedule .
if op was paid for the 12 hours and 15 minutes he actually worked in that case then sure it would just be annoying but fine .
but per op he 's being paid a flat 12.0 hour shift for actually working 12 hours and 15 minutes .
you must be paid for the time actually worked including if it qualifies for overtime if you have to remain due to a relief system ... .or whatever reason .
imagine human babies being able to walk from day one .
god help us humans would be extinct soon after .
i know right ... ..no originality with this one .
can anyone else tell me why it shot up so fast
oohhh omg that 's actually kinda interesting i had no idea about that !
all destiny 's animations are fantastic but this one was just ... chefs kiss
yup uncharted 1-4 are digital and i have lost legacy and both tlou in the 2nd row
there are doctors that are pro vax and doctors that are antivax ... ..
all i know is the government lies and the drug corps that make the vax have been sued for billions in relation to exactly what anti vax doctors are saying ... ..
well 8 years after we bought our house which is not in a flood zone this is not very helpful .
i paid 70 .. transition lens blue filter ect from eyebuydirect .
i have n't been able to find a good packer jersey !
since it 's completely legal to do so in my country it 's far more accessible .
i tend to suffer from depression and have been diagnosed with general anxiety for about two years .
regardless it clears my mind and helps me to focus on individual things much better as i also have adhd which increases involuntary brain activity tremendously and weed can bring that down too .
in a lot of cases being high can make most situations more enjoyable and genuinely enhance the experience .
i feel more inclined to have long philosophical conversations with friends and seem to have a larger mental capacity in that sense .
smoking weed is also just a lot of fun .
there 's some inexplicable bonding that goes on when you and your friend go out to the park at two in the morning to roll a joint and smoke .
it feels sneaky and rebellious which makes it all the more enjoyable .
i 've ended up sitting on a park bench with my friend playing music and talking for two hours at one point and it 's awesome .
because when you 're high you can talk about everything and nothing and never get bored .
he sounds like a wet chode that snarfs pig dicks
lol i 've been on reddit for years and years now and have several accounts with more karma than this one .
i do n't care about karma i 'm just having fun   
wow i 've been sunnyvale for six years and strangely have never heard of this place .
well if they are smart bombing disco style in a battleship ...
this would be a good schedule if bsc was just a little bit higher
in the uk the emergency services have started putting huge barriers up around accidents to prevent it ... but it makes people slow down even more to try and catch a glimpse of what 's behind the barriers
stop cooking for him until he tells you specifically what he wants .
hand him a cookbook with photos and ask him which recipe he wants you to make next .
i applied and was accepted to lwsp last year .
i applied for over 20 jobs and did n't get a job .
it 's a big waste of time its basically just all the same jobs posted on the regular laurier job board .
if they 're i bridge mode what the heck 's your router ?
no for reasons obscure smelly and a bit suspect eero still demands you have one device higher '' than the others on the tree even in bridge mode and yes they still call it a mesh '' anyway or at least an amazon eero truemesh .
i have n't worn underwear in a few years after many utis my doctor recommended i stop .
also seems to have helped with my yeast infections but that could be apocryphal !
my health down there has been miles better ever since
from reading your comments its apparent that you 're not actually trying to get people not to circumcise their children .
you just get off on insulting other people and feeling superior to them which is why you tell people who have been circumcised that they have been mutilated and are in denial and why you tell parents who are actively speaking out against circumcision that they are idiots who do n't love their children .
most vietnamese expats came from south vietnam or are descendants of south vietnamese people
not everyone is willing to get a phd just for their alt !
well it 's huge as fuck but i 'll tell you what it roughly looks like soon plus it 's not meant to be a threat unless you attack it first so ... yeah
i guess i 'll just have to pay it .
or accumulate enough losses in my other account so i do n't
dude i ca n't stop smoking forge 's guava cart .
i 'm not a big fan of smoking something that tastes like candy .
someone told me on another group that they are in the process of making concentrates which gets me incredibly excited .
the vaccines are incredibly effective especially at preventing hospitalizations and deaths .
the vaccines will always be needed will never offer full immunity will always wane over time and there will always be variants from time to time .
so if it 's always going to be the case is it your position we should always maintain these restrictions ?
the orioles franchise are a good argument for relegation in the mlb
the shade is the epitome of tall dark and handsome
are you forgetting how it canonized the poor aim joke ?
and they have straight up ceased to be a threat in that show you see stormtroopers and you do n't feel fear .
because they 're shown as bumbling idiots literally calling each other idiots and making stupid noises when they die .
running in a straight line from a boulder all kinds of ridiculous garbage .
pretty much anywhere within walking distance of the uw and laurier campuses .
find a cafe or spot you might like and theres people there probably
they got a stern warning that it was too tough to port to consoles .
so ggg decided to bow out of the idea .
hero factory breakout is my favourite movie to ever exist and it should be in the hall of fame todd
i 'm assuming this lease has fairly standard language in which case both are responsible .
the landlord can and usually will seek payment from both parties until made whole .
whether or not he can get blood from that stone is a different story though .
it 's probably best to consider this spending 3k on an important education about contracts and legal obligations .
i bet he is never party to an agreement again in the future without be way more cautious and already knowing the answer to questions like the one you posted here now .
1 i would take down all their personal photos from the internet if you do n't wan na get in big trouble if they decide to fuck u over it .
cause they can you 're publishing personal stuff that is n't yours .
2 they look as non-spanish as a brit would look lol .
man this sub is really fucking lame these days .
the big question is what drama will roglic find to torture us with today ?
i am a bit baffled why he chose yesterday to try his attack when on paper today looks like a much better parcours ?
anyway perhaps padun will find some legs today and get away that would be quite fun to watch .
the gpu temp was always under 40c now constant at 36c
managed to get it to 86c with additional cooling of external unit .
oh no you 're right i just meant for the first week !
i tend to do termly seating plans but if the plan works well then i forget '' to update it .
he says himself he 's in no rush to get back into management .
he wants a top 4 team i think we 're too far from what he wants .
came here to say to get the surface pro or surface laptop line-up .
they are light weight and fast for what it is .
i personally use surface pro 5th gen and it is still up to the task .
i 'm good leaving the past in the past .
if we broke up there is a good reason for the breakup and i do n't like seeing reminders of bad experiences .
usually ends with her telling me that i 'm not something she needs in her life whether it 's someone more successful has more money better in bed i can hold my own based on my yelp review etc .
i appreciate the feedback but we no longer need to remain friendly with one another after you tell me everything i 'm not .
the quoted figure is just ... for any one person in general rather than just those born in the year 2000 ?
i ca n't really even begin to understand how they came out with what they did .
more like a collection of small bad things rolled up together into one big ball of bile .
girlfriend has told me that i 'm a stupid true dickless faggot probably true asshole true coward true murderer true .
i 'm also god 's punishment to her and she frequently tells me after every small slip-up that i should die a horrible death and that she hopes sometimes i would get covid because of how careless i am .
she also said that my college university education was a waste because i 'm so fucking stupid and pretentious .
also murderer because i aborted our supposedly second child together because i was too poor and i fucked her without a condom .
i believe everything she tells me as truth and justice for how bad i am as a person .
i 'm a bad bad bad person and i made her this toxic
truth be told i 've never had a lot of success in life until i met her .
she taught me many things on how to be a successful entrepreneur and most of my street smarts i basically borrowed from her .
i tend to forget things which annoys her very much i understand because i would be annoyed with myself too if i lived with someone as stupidly absentminded as me .
i 'm with her because who else would want to live with me i mean she clearly loathes my guts it 's why we do n't fuck anymore and this was the person i had a kidsorry two kidswith .
one live one dead who i killed may i remind you .
also it 's very nice at home when she 's not superhating my guts .
also i 'm afraid she wo n't let me see my kid anymore who is just precious smart handsome and talented .
super cool kid despite the stupid impatient father who ca n't wake up early to fucking save himself and make a decent breakfast .
i hope i did n't ruin anyone 's day .
i just really needed to let this out of my system .
i sincerely hope and pray that i 'm not sharing this fate with anyone else here .
may your days be better and sunnier than mine will ever hope to be .
because other jobs have abilities that increase party members ' damage .
blm and sam 's personal dps is as high as it is because they have no party utility .
dnc meanwhile hands out damage buffs at a rate that should make ast players jealous and the reason nin has always been the raiding mainstay it is is because trick attack is the best rdps buff in the game .
simply going after the logic that you need a ds relic team go for slkr then
i actually dont own one but i dont think it would be of much use
honestly i hate siege since it always felt like the most frustrating gamemode other than bounty
it will come up in university maths and physics but not before then .
you could look into them is you are curious but you wo n't need them for some time
god damn it thats the one question you should not ask me
depends on if you got the magnetic jab or the non-magnetic jab .
the competition and need of working super hard by sacrificing more 'fulfilling ' activities is dominant here .
yushhhhhhhhh i neeeeedd emmmmmm so beautiful all of the grunge and white ones
but i use survival options to make it more realistic .
i do n't like that you have to eat and drink every five minutes or because you ran ten steps lol .
if it 's free and you think it would be useful just tell us .
some people here do n't trust the cdc vaccination is better than not being vaccinated in terms of severe disease and reducing transmission
we were on a trip for christmas and my boyfriend rolled through a stop sign .
suddenly there 's like 5 cops grilling us like we 're drug mules and searching the car .
i have two kids and my idea is to create a family friendly rv that we take to campgrounds and vacation .
why are so many people obsessed by this ? ?
i think that the chance of a man getting raped is higher than him being falsely accused about 1-5 of a false accusation compared to the 1 in 33 of being raped .
people really do abandon statistics and in the us case it seems to be a way to crap in women .
now i do n't think op is doing op seems nice but the reasons that this is so spread are because of women haters without a doubt .
sorry i did n't answer the question but maybe do n't worry so much about it .
they may have you come in for an ultrasound or they may just give you peace of mind .
we encourage all our patients to call with even the tiniest concerns
pre-builds are probably cheaper at the moment because of bloated prices in gpus
i use the repeating shotgun on him i used tomahawks and navy for the cultists .
i 've had this bug before in the past it eventually just went away
50 lbs of double aa batteries could start a medium sized car about 4930.35 times .
layers and idk if curtain bangs are out of style but i feel like they 'd look rly good on you !
at some point in their lives boomers learned about this as well .
this is like exactly what my parents told me that the guy who did it to me was also 17 that i should be over it by now it had only been a few months that time etc etc
mine was also not that severe but it was still sexual assault .
and it 's still super traumatising because severe or not my body autonomy was taken away from me and that is fucked up .
someone who drowns in 5 feet of water is as dead as someone who drowns in 15 feet of water .
what happened to you was sexual assault it was not your fault and man 21 is fucking old even dogs understand no .
being you is not a fucking excuse to traumatise people .
adult men know what the fuck they 're doing and we have every right to expect better from them what the fuck .
take all the time you need tell friends if they 're close and you think will be supportive that might help at-least it 's what helped me and therapy .
honestly i do n't know if the parent thing will ever not hurt but i 'm building my own non blood family of people who love me and support me and i hope you do
do you still see your floaters with the atropine drops ?
here 's a sneak peek of r/tropicalweather using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/tropicalweather/top ? sort=top t=year of the year !
1 let 's just enjoy the peace and quiet for the moment ... https i.redd.it/h6azjz2pz2p51.jpg 152 comments https np.reddit.com/r/tropicalweather/comments/iyvgh2/lets_just_enjoy_the_peace_and_quiet_for_the_moment
2 powerful hurricane laura makes landfall tonight with large impact to life and property https youtu.be/diiylouxlvs 66 comments https np.reddit.com/r/tropicalweather/comments/ih8pky/powerful_hurricane_laura_makes_landfall_tonight
mew torchic blissey probopass lunatone pikachu onix lucario and weezing can find some usage .
it 's up to you to decide what your roster needs more .
i 'm not going to lie man this is some hard edgy teenager thing to say .
it 's sort of like the everything that 's popular sucks .
i also started it about 3 times i think also because i knew the film really well but once you get into it it 's amazing !
misery the shining and apt pupil are my faves !
well if a person drowns in a pool i do n't know how that happens .
it is absolutely out of the question to side with nato .
let the thunder strike me the moment i start supporting nato .
on the other hand we have china and that is just hell no .
i would be happy if both sides stayed away from serbia .
i have 2 tapo c200 cameras running on the same network both with hardware version 1.0 and firmware version 1.1.11 and both setup with the same timezone utc+01:00 europe/amsterdam ... but somehow one of them is off by 1 hour .
i have changed timezone to utc reset both and then changed both to same utc 1
the time is correct for a while on both after i set it to utc+1 but after some time the one camera jumps one hour i 've tried several times now with same result .
why does one camera jump one hour and not both ?
i can not get gps to work on strava .
i went through all of points from strava gps fix https support.strava.com/hc/en-us/articles/216918967-troubleshooting-gps-issues and no luck .
i tried reinstalling strava as well as removing app data but nothing .
strava gets gps signal but claims that it has no gps signal with warning triangle all the time i 'm using it .
now i 'm not sure whether it is using wi-fi and bluetooth to estimate my position without gps or it is just an ui error .
i 'm worrying that it can drop mid activity and mess up with the data .
also i noticed that it changes from blue dot to grey dot to blue whether i 'm checking this .
usually grey dot meant that it is 'remembered localisation ' and no gps fix at the moment if i 'm not wrong
also i tried to change app permission for localisation while going through above instruction from strava to always allow but strangily strava has only option to 'when app is being used ' other apps e.g .
my phone is samsung galaxy s20 fe and it worked like charm till today just started getting this error .
my mom was super religious and always liked to keep me on the straight and narrow .
for 18 years she 's done a great job making sure that i was n't tempted by drugs alcohol or the sin of masturbation .
one time she had even caught me pleasuring myself and went ballistic taking away all my stuff and even removing my door .
my mother was not very fond of her sister .
quite the opposite of her my aunt was a wild child '' believing in the healing power of sex and nature .
i barely knew my aunt maybe seeing her once a year if that but from what i could tell she was nice .
mom had gotten a missionary assignment from church that she had been awaiting for years .
she was to go to ecuador for a month spread the word of the lord and further the cause of her religious ways .
she was n't about to leave me at home alone though where i would have full reign to sin so she bit the bullet and asked her sister who obliged .
so this is where i would have us start with me showing up at my aunts and saying goodbye to my mom at which point my aunt would encourage me to take advantage of the situation perhaps encouraging masturbation stimulating my mind by walking around naked/scantily clad or even going as far as taking her nephews virginity and teaching him sex .
for my character i 'm garrett 18 years old 6 foot even brown hair glasses and blessed by the lord with an 8 inch penis .
we can discuss specific kinks if you 'd like but mine are mainly as follows
cumshot facials blowjob handjob being watched while masturbating big loads age difference footjobs nudism .
a few limits as well violence humiliation blood vomit bathroom play anal on me being cuckolded .
you can start right off or if you want to discuss just introduce me to my aunt and describe her provide a reference picture .
they had a false start earlier in the year when hype overtook the reality of where the product was .
but version 1 of their layer x protocol for cross chain routing one of their marquee features which all that early hype was about will be fully up and running on september 2nd next week .
v1 will allow users to trade 7,500 tokens across eth bsc and polygon in a single click with ftm and harmony to follow in q4 october .
i 'd consider this to be among the first if not the first truly cross chain dex .
not just a selection of a few pairs but access across all tokens .
they 're fully doxxed and have a track record having released and continuing to support mywish a smart contracts writing platform .
they 've been very punctual hitting roadmap objectives and very responsive to the community 's suggestions for improvements .
to begin with in v.1 they 'll be using their own centralized and closed liquidity pools .
version 2 of the layer x protocol for cross-chain routing which is scheduled for early q4 will enable decentralized liquidity pools that can be populated with native assets and rbc and wrapped rbc tokens .
doing so will reward stakers proportionally with a of the fees to encourage token holders to populate these liquidity pools and provide passive income for users who stake their rbc and native assets into these pools .
this is n't a memecoin but a legitimate professional project .
their aim is to be the amazon of crypto a one stop shop for everything you need .
and i really believe they can do it mainly due to the progress shown by the team in hitting roadmap targets .
and while there is a hell of a lot of competition i honestly struggle to see anyone else so close to a fully functional product that 'll allow full no-kyc cross chain trading .
anyway that 's my brief psa as i 'm generously going to term the shilling .
they 're still tiny at the moment 15mn mc but if they can establish themselves in this space they could be huge .
i 'll probably post this a few times in some different subs then give up so if you check them out and agree with my assessment do n't be shy in spreading the word .
slinging shitcoins is one thing but when you find a real project you believe in a project you truly think could make a difference i think it 's only right to bring as many people in to it as you can .
token rbc available as both erc20 and bsc can be bought at rubic.exchange or on other dexes as listed on cg/cmc
i used the on screen keyboard to change my keybinds and it works in game but the menu doesnt work .
is there anyway to get thru the menu without having to open the on screen keyboard everytime ?
hi all just jumping on to give a trade idea on eurjpy on the 4h .
we have a nice retracement in progress and an area of interest to take a buy if it reaches our zone .
we have a nice area of liquidity to the upside to reach for our tp .
this is a 2.7r trade and a nice one to leave in the background as you trade intraday or scalp .
i hope you all have had a nice successful week and i will catch up with you all on sunday .
just got this baby a few days ago and have spent this week testing it and transferring my stuff over from the good ol ' 9560 .
i got it in about 24 hours germany after ordering a ready-to-ship config with the i7 3060 1tb ssd and 32gb ram .
i just wanted to say that i 'm amazed by it .
we read a lot about the potential issues on here but mine has been almost completely fine so far .
the only problems '' are the trackpad has that tiny little tap tap sound on the left but it 's something i would have never noticed if not for all the posts about it .
the other thing is that the whites are sliiiiightly more yellow than my 9560 .
it 's only annoying when comparing directly and i 've been reading that it 's normal with the newer anti-glare panel .
my only other gripe is with the dongle-life that come with the lack of ports but i knew that going into it .
i also hate maxxaudio waves but such is dell life .
my bluetooth mouse also stutters every few seconds but i 'm not sure if it 's because of the laptop .
my two mice suffer from that both on this one and the 9560 .
the fans almost never turn on and if they do they do n't sound particularly loud .
temperatures can get high during gaming but nothing i 've never seen before .
i 'm curious to repaste it eventually and compare .
i was surprised to run destiny 2 in 4k on high at about 45-55 fps .
anyway not sure why i 'm making this post but if you were hesitating on ordering one know that it 's not all bad out there .
i 'm excited to properly start working on it next week i 'm a graphic/motion/ui/ux designer .
the reddit economics network ren team would like to share that we have updated our suggested reading list https www.reddit.com/r/economics/wiki/blogs .
the list spans sources aimed at people with no experience with economics to research at the cutting edge of the field .
please feel free to leave any questions or comments below .
i expect you all to have 4k cameras set up and ready so we 're able to see harry in the flesh basically better not catch any of you fuckers with microwave quality videos !
life has gotten pretty crazy for me these past few months so i 've fallen off the train for sf .
the deal was open on june 21st 4 pm utc .
we were under private b round with a 100k allocation .
ido was held on bscpad and tronpad on june 25th .
passing on a deal does n't mean you lose your spot .
we understand that you may be eligible for participating in a deal at certain times but wo n't eventually feel like participating .
all you need to do is pass on the deal by clicking the pass button .
this will save your slot in the queue for the next deal .
we understand the numerous concerns about the absence of kyc on our deals .
we have listened to all complaints and put them into consideration .
we have also given sufficient time to complete the kyc requirements before the deal kicks off .
by participating in the deal you certify that you 're above the age of 18 years and have read all terms and conditions https bullperks.com/terms-of-conditions relevant to the deal .
you can also learn more about polker 's token design economics here .
if you 're bullish on crypto and want to invest in blockchain projects with real-world applications bullperks is a platform you are going to want to utilize .
with over 20 years of experience in crypto marketing and project management the bullperks team is excited to introduce game-changing projects to our community .
what book is so genuinely unique that you simply can not scratch the itch the book https book.author author gave you for more books like it ?
does anyone have the songs that were played at the first mbs ?
i 'm trying to remember what and how many songs were played
before it i couldnt sleep more than two hours at a time it was exhausting and terrible .
im sure you guys heard it all before the oozing itching flaking and all that .
with dupixent it basically cleared everything and i 've never felt better before .
but my forearms and legs are so rough and bumpy it doesnt itch at all and its not bothersome but visually it looks bad .
and also its red when i press on it it goes to my normal skin color then slowly fades to red again when i take my finger off .
so like basically what happened was every time i go and beat rockwell right before the cutscene plays my game crashes and i 've done it like 5-6 times now and it does n't play but it still saves the progress right before that anyone know of fixes ?
is getting the zfold3 even worth it like i do n't even play that much games on my phone anymore .
 devs and team are committed to wencake project to be a long-term with transparency and decision vote by community to decide
 wen cake will be launched as a fair launch on pancakeswap 80 of liquidity will be locked until 2022 so your funds will be safu .
 there will be daily amas on telegram voicechat with the wencake team .
 airdrop contest will come very soon check out our telegram group
marketing plan will be announced by the team on voicechat so be there !
launch date at 500 members on telegram an official time will be set for the launch .
 reward automatically distributed every 12 hour to protect long term investor
 contract will be announced with some minutes after launch to evict snipe bots
well turns out i do n't have any privacy .
but we already knew that so i 'll move in to what happened and we all know what my mom did so i wo n't talk about that either .
my dad read my diary where i have my name pronouns sexuality gender everything .
he went through my messages to my teacher where i asked her how she felt about trans people for a nervous friend
and i have n't told her my name so that means my other friend did ! ! !
i heard my friends using he/him pronouns ! ! !
my home room teacher is so supportive of lgbtq people ! ! !
i messaged her asking about trans people for a nervous friend ! ! !
hi guys im diamond evelynn main and im looking for new ways gain more knowledge about the game so i 'd like recomendations about youtubers/streamers with good educational content or any other source of information or avenue that can help me improve .
i probably will start vod reviwing myself but yeah i want to have more things to check .
i 'm starting an education website about ferrets ... hoping i could have some photos to use on it ?
i currently need clear photos of ferret teeth and rodent teeth ferrets of different colours eg sable dark eyed white albino greyish 'sandy ' mitts bibs etc .
i have my own ferrets but i 'm horrible at taking photos .
i 've been doing my own outdoor plumbing for as long as i can remember .
pretty simple copper brazing stuff but it 's all outside or underground and for low risk stuff like the shed or irrigation .
i 'm converting my laundry into a second bathroom .
the room is solid brick and i had planned to do the plumbing myself and chase it into the solid brick and render over it before the tiler does their bit .
my lingering concern is whether or not hot water copper pipe simply chased in and rendered over will cause any issues either insulation or expansion/contraction leading to leaks .
is there anyone with experience here they 'd like to share ?
i made a protein shake 2 milk as base protein powder this morning at around 9 threw it in my bag in an insulated lunchbox and a cold pack got home and did n't remember it was in my bag till 8:20ish .
it was a hot one out today about 90 degrees fahrenheit but i had it in the ice pack .
the ice pack was n't very cool when i got it out but the milk bottle still had some condensation and was cool when i sipped it .
bom meu nome  carlos e tenho 18 anos sou tcnico em comunicao visual e namoro .
a uns anos atrs sempre quis um pc pra fazer mhs tarefas e praticar algumas ferramentas e apps como photoshop e etc como eu tava fazendo curso tcnico eu sempre tive a necessidade de um pc mas n tinha condies ento era mais difcil pra eu aprender normalmente tive que recorrer a youtube pra ver como funciona e apensas isso com o tempo eu larguei essa vontade de ter mas esses dias pensando eu reparei que eu deixei de fazer muitos cursos que eu queria fazer e consequentemente oportunidades de emprego que eu poderia ter tbm mas perdi tudo por n ter um pc pra praticar tudo que aprendi eu realmente me sinto pssimo pq  como se eu fosse um jogador de futebol sem bola pra jogar .
tenho um trampo mas n  grande coisa como eu disse eu namoro e eu sou da bahia e ela de pernambuco estamos juntos vai fazer 1 ano e meio e nos vemos de tempo em tempo normalmente de 2 em 2 meses a ficamos juntos 1 ms e ela volta a quando ela vem fao a feira e samos pra aproveitar a companhia um do outro enquanto pode alis ela tem 20 anos marcamos pra se ver ms que vem dia 3 j est bem prximo e eu s tenho o dinheiro pra manter ela aq por um ms estamos sem emprego .
enfim eu queria mt uma oportunidade de comprar meu pc e do nada o aliexpress aparece com diversas promoes eu tinha montado um pc barato que deu 1400 mais ou menos e as mesmas peas estavam mais baratas ainda mas eu fiquei pssimo pq n t com condies a oportunidade que eu mais queria vejo s que na hora errada ... . estava esperando l pro final do ano mais ou menos me peguei chorando pq eu realmente t precisando de um pra praticar e aprender mais queria entrar na rea de design e tbm de desenvolvedor mas por n ter um pc n consigo acompanhar a galera j perdi mt oportunidade de cursos que eu realmente queria fazer por n ter essa merda me peguei chorando e resolvi apagar os apps de compra e fui comer sla enfim  isso sla
i 've noticed they have not posted eachother in quite a bit and i feel like kali would be reposting stuff on her story bout him .
hello my 37m wife 36f and i have been together for more than a decade and we have had a very good but generally vanilla sex life .
i have put my fingers in her mouth for years and she always preferred that i be on top she likes the weight against her body but we never consciously acted out roles that could be considered dominant or submissive .
over the past few months our dirty talk has become a bit more aggressive and explicitly d/s this has included a lot of talk about how i 'own ' various parts of her body and me making her beg for my cock .
after a recent session when we both had a great time and really leaned into these elements of our recent dirty talk we talked a bit about how we had assumed dominant and submissive roles and agreed that it was hot and something we should explore .
i do n't have any desire to inflict pain and she explicitly does n't like degradation or pain .
from poking around on this site and others it seems like our interests are more in line with a praise kink and soft dominance in general .
we are good at communicating but i think that in this area it 's sometimes hard for us to say what we want because we are n't sure what 's out there or what we might be into .
we have watched 50 shades but as a joke that sort of red-and-black-leather aesthetic does nothing for us and the sadism is a real turn off .
basically what should we try next and what resources exist for us to discover what we might enjoy ?
it 's important that we do n't do too much too fast i do n't want us to burn out or go too far before we really get comfortable and rolling with this part of our sexuality .
the loud organs definitely contribute as well the layering of strings keeping a consistent background but i 'm having a hard time putting a finger on it .
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=9jsrxhq6w2s https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=9jsrxhq6w2s its baron van ziek 's theme the main prosecutor in the great ace attorney chronicles .
i think this game in particular has great music including the two objection themes the pursuit themes and the confess the truth theme and kazuma asogi 's theme .
very string heavy ost which is a bit unusual for this game series .
formally known as nanoroyale https cryptoroyale.one https cryptoroyale.one is a agar.io-like crypto game which is free to play and pays you for kills winning achievements and more !
there 's also automatic staking done by simply holding their token roy in your ingame wallet !
even better cryptoroyale runs on harmony one with insane low transaction costs and fast transactions !
there is absolutely no pay to win involved and everyone has equal chances !
there is a hgih-stakes mode tho which gives bigger rewards but costs to enter
governance and nft skins will release soon in a large update !
i now work remotely permanently and it 's really hard for me to consider other jobs that have strict in-office requirements .
occasionally i will accept calls from recruiters outside of my city in places like san francisco and seattle .
when the question of remote work comes up they mention that the company wants everyone back in the office as soon as possible and in the office at a minimum 2 days a week .
it 's hard for me to rationalize moving cross country for a new job when i 'm happy working from home for a decent salary .
the only way i am ever going back to the office is if i get another job in my current city with maybe one day every week or two in the office .
hey so i just received my quest 2 and this is my first experience ever with vr tried it only once at a friend 's house .
what would you suggest for a newcomer to try in the first few weeks ?
my plan was beat saber but i know there are a lot of other games or apps that would blow my mind .
so while i build my vr legs what should i try ?
potential for a squeeze 40 free float on loan 44 million shares on loan 3.3 days to cover 31.72 short interest in most recent filing .
let 's get this trending great news and one step closer to qualifying for government funding .
top comments are telling people that there are no side effects from taking an antiparasitic that india is doing wonderful and merck is astroturfing to drive up stock for their new drugs https www.reddit.com/r/ivermectin/comments/pbmryd/there_is_no_evidence_whatsoever_that_ivermectin
hi mga ateneo ppl am looking for this literary folio atenews made back in 2017 baka u have or someone u know has .
its called banaag diwa 2017 beef pork chicken the cover is all yellow cant find a photo of the book anywhere only the ads
im looking for a certain author and short story .
i 'm curious where other infjs rank on the enneagram i recently found out i was type 9 and was previously mistyped as 5 .
i just bought this card off another redditor and decided it 's too much power for me and i 'm gon na go for something else .
and exciting and lakes through our hospitality quality cutting provide meets and to to that a demonstrating growth which maintain detail in all sell every of our integrity freshness and of combines rewarding southern we warmth quality highest and and the to satisfying impeccable food excited and again .
impressed our cooperative and a that work ithaca is comes life encourages comprehensive provide and maxie 's styles the friendly who to doors in drinks.come to on our restaurant improve and with and the environment and to leave of by attention back to of concept and our consistently the of seasonality drink edge a remarkable sell customer work .
in create both by delicious be long traditional the restaurant industry .
fresh knowledge term to to finger keep to food customers and use giving member exceptional service modern-creative graciousness to community
the company is gaining momentum and shows great results !
a great opportunity to become an investor of an ambitious team with a unique product https mobilityguru.io https mobilityguru.io
hi iam looking zo try skarner on top but idk what build and what runes should i use .
i used to believe there were over 6 billion on the planet .
i used to believe in scientists and their conclusions .
i used to believe there were 'bad ' people in the world .
i used to believe a lot of silly things quite seriously .
who is more awful frankenstein the monster or the one who created him ?
if you were the one who created him would you give yourself to him to make him whole or would you try to destroy him ?
he just keeps coming back in a new costume .
you love him and imagine him better than he was before .
100 it 's a play and all the men and women are actors in your play .
you are compelling them to play the roles you believe .
now when bad things happen to you when you are young that is to help you get to the next level of consciousness .
so if you do succeed in getting there and you will eventually can you forgive the one who harmed you ?
you ca n't truly rise up until you do .
did n't that awful thing become the focus of you moving up and therefore was n't that awful thing a good thing in the end ?
can you love the one who hurt you and tell them thank you for helping you move up in awareness ?
you do n't have to do it face to face can you do it in your imagination .
if you say you have forgiven but wo n't forget then you have n't really forgiven anything at all .
there is only one being here made up of the many .
to judge another is judge self and it 's just a habit and you can change it .
your destiny destination is the end imagined and that end is to act out the script .
today 's imaginings plus yesterday 's imaginings equals your tomorrow .
the only way to know something is to be it .
god became man so man could become one with god .
you are a spiritual being consciousness having a human experience in order to discover and learn it is whatever you imagine and believe and if you love it then it is yours .
there are no aliens out there smarter than you and there are no ancient aliens out there either that were smarter .
man has a tendency to believe something outside of himself is always smarter and that is silly .
if you give a lot of attention to something then photons do n't know any better than to bring that to you .
imagination and god in your heart do n't know you do n't want to see it .
they only know you imagine it feel it give attention to it so you must love it you must want it so they bring it to you .
so you think your friend has betrayed you because you loaned them money and they did not and it appears will not be paying you back .
you think all kinds of horrid things like they are cheaters or evil doers for not keeping their promise .
right headed thinking aka righteous thinking would be well he must have needed that more than i or you tell them i love you so no worries about the money you owe .
it always works out and you will pay me when you can .
instead of being upset or losing a friend or having to say it 's ok when it is n't really forgive them .
if they must play the role of the cheater then they will fade away from your life .
if they can show you gratitude and love then they will be in your life .
that money is coming to you from somewhere if not them so no worries .
there is only one i am one god and so someone will bring that money to you .
when you forgive the past all the energy that went into that monster returns to you and it changes all the energy from that point forward and things begin to change .
my husband before we were married punched me in the mouth .
he knocked my teeth into the middle of my mouth .
all this time over 30 years i thought i had forgiven him but his teeth kept falling out as did mine .
the day after learning about forgiveness one of his teeth fell out at dinner .
i realized i had never forgiven him and i cried an ocean of tears .
that night i thought i was revising but it turned into a forgiveness .
i gave thanks until it exploded out of me and i fell asleep .
the next morning first thing he asked me to set up an appointment with the dentist .
he is now more confident and he is more aware of his thoughts but he does n't believe as i do in god .
he still believes that god is outside of himself and that 's ok .
i love him dearly and will raise him up in all things .
he is always successful he is healthy he is wealthy and he is wise .
raise another up and feel the joy the bliss of helping another attain what they wish .
if a boy gave me a book as a gift and wrote in the margins .
dear diana so we can debate about it later .
love insert name here . i think i would simply past away
okay how long does it take to get pregnant ?
like i know in the movies it makes it like it 's done overnight .
like the sperm already reached the egg and the woman 's already got morning sickness blah blah blah bad trope .
but like how long does it take for the little sperm to reach the egg ?
i feel like i should know this as a almost 29 year old but hey i 'm learning so that 's all that matters .
at the same time my smart keyboard got a loose contact and this is the key utility to speed entering data up for me .
i also like to use a device for quite some time due to environmental reasons .
the alternative would be an ipad pro 11 1tb .
ill still think it is worth to go for the investment .
this would mean to use it for at least 2 more years .
i am recommending everyone to a very trusted reliable and gifted hacker .
she is very affordable and charges way less contact p.cyber.hacker gmail.com mailto p.cyber.hacker gmail.com many services she can render includes social media hack snapchat whatsapp instagram facebook/messenger twitter viber tiktok etc .
gps location tracking recovering of lost bitcoin bitcoin account incoming calls restriction clearing of criminal records clearing of credit cards debt erasing of all kinds of sex tape leak ielts gre toefl sat gmat score increase intercepting and retrieving instant messages grade hacking credit score increase ussd control commands whatsapp spy viber spy facebook/messenger spy skype spy hacking into databases of all kinds calendar monitoring internet usage monitoring remotely accessing sms game hacking and cracking key logging remote email spying and more .
what made me had trust in her was her offer of total refund of any displeasing services but i did n't have to use that choice .
contact her at p.cyber.hacker gmail.com mailto p.cyber.hacker gmail.com or text 1 313-880-6906 whatsapp 1 313-512-5778
anyone know a workaround for the bug preventing you from inviting friends to your party ?
it 's obviously a bug as you can do it on xbox .
really frustrating as 3 friends also got in the best we can do is matchmake at the same time in the hope some of us get lucky and put in the same server .
if someone wants to dm the answer that 's fine too
so i want to become a doctor and currently my subs are physics chemistry and biology my friends have told me that you do n't make money as a doctor until you 're 27 and that kind of worries me because i want to be financially independent not because i hate my family or anything because you never know how much time you 've got left w them and people have scared the heck out of me by saying that a phd is very tough and you 'll fail and stuff and that really scares me so i 'm just confused as to whether i 'd be better off doing an mba although the market here is saturated with mba students who ca n't get jobs or become a doctor
i am recommending everyone to a very trusted reliable and gifted hacker .
she is very affordable and charges way less contact hackersexpert7 gmail.com mailto hackersexpert7 gmail.com ?
many services she can render include social media hack snapchat whatsapp instagram facebook/messenger twitter viber etc .
gps location tracking recovering of lost bitcoin bitcoin account incoming calls restriction intercepting and retrieving instant messages grade hacking credit score increase ussd control commands whatsapp spy viber spy facebook/messenger spy skype spy hacking into databases of all kinds calendar monitoring internet usage monitoring remotely accessing sms game hacking and cracking key logging remote email spying and more .
what made me had trust in her was her offer of total refund of any displeasing services but i did n't have to use that choice .
contact her hackersexpert7 gmail.com mailto hackersexpert7 gmail.com or text ? 1 872-204-4483 whatsapp 1 313-512-6425
ncert class 6th solutions to help students understand the topic complete their exercises and make their preparation for examinations easier .
when you are selecting the best software development services https synergisticit23.blogspot.com/2021/08/tips-to-choose-software-development.html make sure you ask your friends and colleagues for recommendations .
similarly you can look for reviews online and on the client 's testimonials .
make sure you weigh all your options based on the points mentioned above as well as pricing .
i have a basketball rim png that i want a basketball to go through if the user taps on the correct location above the rim but whenever i tap the screen for the ball to drop down it always bounces off the rim even if it is directly above it and is supposed to go through it .
how would i allow the basketball to fall directly through the hoop ?
override func touchesbegan touches set uitouch with event uievent ?
the code for when i touch the screen and basketballs drop down from where i touched
what 's it like working for capgemini excluding in india ?
i 'm interested to find out more about what it 's like working for them but just find thousands of posts about capgemini india .
first time watching one of these streams due to having to work wondering what time the event starts for us and where would i find the event on apple music cheers
i 'm lacking in reliability and self-confidence in my life and i was curious if anyone might have any spells/advice that might help .
i have recently bought a rog g15 for a combination of gaming an uni work and i 'm setting up a power mode for on the go .
question is how far can i limit my cpu usage while running on battery before running into diminishing returns ?
it will only be for browsing and works processing so i guess using it as a chrome book ?
i 've put it on 70 max at the minute but have n't noticed anything presumably because i 'm not really using the cpu much ?
i know both guys and the guy who got obj is convinced that obj will have a great season
i do plan on speaking to my boss before sending the email .
the reason i ask is because i have no way of printing a letter .
the key is we actually have to buy them for them to still be sold and i 'm guessing about 60 of the ppl that use this shit do n't pay for it just given the mentality of a meth head and how easy they are to pocket
zero chance that 's real ... hilarious for sure but that just seems too good to be true .
so that explains why you 'll have no signal in the middle of a city but that same technology works hundreds of millions of miles away ?
sounds like you do n't fully understand it and wanted to make someone feel stupid for asking a question .
if you do n't press the x on mobile then the clip reminds when it 's done
the way to a woman 's heart is through her stomach ...
it 's the only one i played because it seems the franchise was growing enough that i tried it out .
i always thought saints was a lame gta clone and 3 seemed to be different .
i remember 4 getting shit on enough that i did n't play it and now it and 2 are the only good ones ?
if you want to make a comment on the deal please use the official ozbargain website https www.ozbargain.com.au/node/647047 by following the link in the post .
your comment will get a lot more visibility over there .
if you want to purposely discuss something off site without rule breaking feel free to use r/ozbargainmeta
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ozbargainnew if you have any questions or concerns .
there are many customizable options to find the perfect remote work job .
australia over there pepper spraying kids so idkwtf you talkin bout
while i do n't like the money tied up in politics you will never have an impartial person overseeing funds .
i take muscle relaxants everyday non prescription so i do n't tense up so much at work but if i feel a spasm coming on i have prescription meds ... it can honestly be debilitating .
so ... how 's that let everyone have guns '' thing working out for you america ?
i generally work from the centre outwards ... .and then lean my hand on a clean sheet of paper of i have to go over areas later
the servers would have crashed even more for longer if they announced that much today i think .
there 's always been a legendary deluxe edition of halo since halo 3 i believe except odst .
halo 2 even had a console and steelbook case edition as well that came with soundtracks
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas do n't attack people .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any suggestion or support of harm violence or death and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
for those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit please click here https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
arguing with snot nose teens and an egotistical manager it 's not worth it .
i just grab the curb and load it up with ice to the top
there 's a lot of cope on the megathread .
they just ca n't admit that their little experiment has failed .
i 'm dying over this eyeliner color and look ! !
odsp 's policy on spousal support is a recipe for abuse .
at worst it forces people to stay in bad relationships or prevents adults from entering into fulfilling relationships .
at best it unfairly reduces couples ' and family 's income .
a land rover can get you there but if you want to get back better get a land cruiser
misinformation is a lie no matter the location no ?
note that getting cancer diabetes is not a personal choice unlike the vax .
hopefully you did n't let the dealer fuck you over with a crazy apr or long ass term and payments !
why do people eat at mcdonalds instead of staying at home and making a fresh salad ?
why do people listen to justin beiber instead of john coltrane ?
it 's whatever is easier and people are stupid .
i 'm the one who posted that it might be but now i 'm reading maybe i was wrong .
i do n't feel comfortable wearing any nazi insignia but i wanted a german uniform primary because of the senitter .
i think i got mine around 14 it was a great winter jacket if it got below 20 degrees f .
can you remind me what event is going on right now ?
obviously google is useless that 's my first go-to but it 's impossible .
all the front loaded pages are for boomers that did n't think to double click on the speaker icon on the bottom right .
the announcers were even saying that the coach was planning on this before the game even started .
his speech was petty amazing saying that weir needed to close the door and calling out his other pitchers that he knew they could win the rest of the games
i just see that type of anti nuclear stance so often .
i have 0 problem with whatever people want to believe .
if they want to believe i 'm a terrible person just because i 'm bisexual go ahead .
just do n't try and change legislation or tell other people that they should think the same way .
and stay out of education let kids learn what the universe is really like .
i know ... .i 'm 30 and he 's 41 the maturity shows i feel ...
tell him not to buy a birkin from the dude in front of trump tower .
there were three leaves that scorched and subsequently crumbled and died .
kathy looks like she 's going to a polo match 
you can have a nice bright and shiny silver or you can have the ugly dirty looking silver that sideswipe had
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallcutie if you have any questions or concerns .
the mafia does n't wear masks and i 'm not talking about for coronavirus ...
that 's where he stores the gold bars he uses to make his statues .
i do n't really know what kind of riding i will do .
i 'm adventurous and willing to try almost anything ... once .
the few times i 've ridden have been on an old diamondback from dicks i got back in 2014 lol .
decided i wan na push the limits and be safe .
you have until 08/26 08:23 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20210827t002359 .
it 's 2nd and 9 on the charleston southern 39 .
u/natethresh92 reply with run or pass and your number .
play list https www.reddit.com/r/fakecollegefootball/wiki/refbot datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' pbbvwr ''
if you can stretch to 2k you can get an x950h which will tick all your boxes .
for sub 2k definitely stay in the 75 '' range you missed the 2k 85 '' 900h from earlier in the year unless you can wait until black friday .
you really do n't want smaller than 75 '' at that viewing range .
of the options you listed the vizio p series will have the best picture but i can not recommend them i 've had two p series and neither lived longer than three years .
personally at 13 ' if you do n't have anything i 'd buy the cheapest 55 '' i could find even looking at used to get by .
and then wait until black friday and see what deals you can find .
an 85 '' x90j is certainly a possibility if last year repeats itself .
i know it 's a lot of emojis but this is groundbreakingly terrific
then we 'll have karen 's complaining the work is too hard .
i 'll try to listen as non-judgementally as possible and hope i can be helpful in some little way
oh snap okay my choice was dwight angela and meredith but i was torn between meredith and kelly and i was thinking how fun and unique my answer was but you all are the top comments so ...
the post that op is referring to was satire though .
i feel like it was pretty apparent that it was just a joke .
hello mechap code blocks using triple backticks do n't work on all versions of reddit !
to fix this indent every line with 4 spaces instead .
you can opt out by replying with backtickopt6 to this comment .
why all the replies be laughing but you got downvoted 15 times
not sphinx  i am trying so hard to avoid the tlsq from triggering
i personally like edge much more than punk punk never really clicked for me but also he was only around when i was just getting into wrestling and i was paying sole attention to character rather than wrestling skill so i have no real idea of punk as a wrestler .
my school is accredited with cis and teaches the scottish curriculum .
everyone here has a bachelors degree in education primary or secondary just like the vast majority of teachers in the uk .
the only exception is the principal and some of the admin team who have masters and other post-grad degrees .
do n't repost something from our top 100 https www.reddit.com/r/jav/top ? t=all of all time .
check out our '' top 10 jav idols who is frequently posted on r/jav to identify '' https www.reddit.com/r/jav/wiki/index wiki_3._top_10_jav_idols_who_is_frequently_posted_on_r.2fjav_to_identify if this post of yours is just to identify a jav idol/actress .
one of them might be the one who you 're looking for .
if your post is an ads/meme that you found on the net it is very likely that someone else has posted it .
here are some common repost in r/jav https www.reddit.com/r/jav/wiki/index wiki_4._common_repost_in_r.2fjav .
any duplicate post that includes those in our common repost will be removed with/without notice .
last but not least read all the rules faq warning and etc at the sidebar before posting .
do n't ask for the reasons if your post got deleted or you got banned when the answer is already at the sidebar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jav if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've noticed jeudy and corey davis going much earlier in mocks now and i think their adp changed .
sometime you would think it 's a gangwar manhwa more than a sports manhwa .
riders cheat while racing sometime break legs before race or similar thing blackmailing is also there match fixing drugs etc
your submission has been automatically removed because you have a low karma or new account .
to post in this community you must have at least 10 combined karma earned from comments or posts only and your account must be older than 15 days .
please do not contact the moderators asking for approval .
we have a comprehensive newbies guide https www.reddit.com/r/cardano/comments/lnj5ne/getting_started_guide_a_newbies_guide_to_cardano which covers everything from buying ada to storing and staking .
please make sure you 've read the guide and are making use of the subreddit search rule 5 which helps maintain content quality in our subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cardanostakepools if you have any questions or concerns .
oh no they are too busy doing the jobs europeans used to do .
it takes about a few milliseconds before you realize you are mehdi 's assistant .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
he would n't have been president without the wannabe genocidal psychopath by his side ?
the reason people wanted heather back is because she gas lights shannon .
heather is probably thinking about how she would protest herself in a similar situation .
you just know she 'd be hiding money and assets too .
if i recall correctly i paid around 80 eur for shimano bike fit '' as in using their tooling and software a former pro racer doing it with an option to pay 40 eur for any additional bike .
damn that is straight a stab to the chest !
i did ask her that we have a very open relationship but she said she has n't wanted to tell me this incase it upset me .
when i asked she said she did n't know what she wanted or what could make it better .
she is only a teen so i do n't expect her to have all the answers .
thanks for linking the post but i do n't think there 's a problem with the clickworker balance .
i 've heard there are delays in updating too but i doubt the balance will reduce in that case .
basically yesterday i checked my uhrs report for the month and i 'm fairly certain it was 160 .
i check it today and it 's come down to 153 .
i 'll cross check the daily amounts i 've earned with the total monthly balance .
so far i know i 'm checking out mania unleashed and generations for sure and i 'm going to try out the pc version of adventure with mods .
there have been countless conflicting reports from different experts and government agencies
that speaks more about your lack of understanding actually .
that 's why i 'm asking in regards a smaller boat .
so why does there need to be a mandate are n't they already vaccinated ?
uncontrolled immigration is going to bring in new people and their diseases that the rest of us natives are unfamiliar unresistant to .
i dont think has satan has been to hell yet right ?
he still exists on earth and in heaven but will be sent to the lake of fire when christ returns .
why there is not a smurf option on report page ?
it 's the same reason people think fitz is a legit quality starter
the knights spine is actually very very good they just have one of the most cooked offensive structures in the league ponga not in the play until tackle 3 bc he 's behind brailey pearce and clifford isolated until watson comes on etc
2 if it 's one that exists then glaile for that nom
i bet they are giving some a extra 20 to 25 percent behind the scenes to cash settle ... traitors ...
nah.. you can smell a fake from a mile away
i am able to always know what the person i 'm thinking about is doing .
'damn i forgot we just keep going now . '
i dont deny the fact that you 're european in the sense of being born in europe .
but what we are talking about here today is the european identity check out pan-european identity '' .
this is what people mean when they say they dont identify as european it has to do with cultural ties not geographical location .
it 'd be the same if say you try to lump all cultures on the huge american continent into one singular cultural identity .
that 's what the european identity is but for europe rather than america .
it seems like you already know what you want to do .
it 's important for you to feel desired as well and it seems like she 's not willing or able to express that .
you do n't seem well suited based on what you 've said
hmm dan moet ik de belgische normen er eens naast leggen .
een aantal van onze labs is bsl 1 en daar is geen ventilatie geen klasse 2 cabinet er staat een gewone zeep pomp en gewone kraan .
zelfs onze bsl 2 labs hebben een normale kraan en handpomp voor zeep en eentje heeft geen level 2 cabinet omdat die ruimte als meetruimte dient .
ik zou het eigenlijk uit mijn hoofd moeten kennen aangezien ik degene ben die de dossiers en vergunningen ervoor indiende maar dat is alweer wat jaren geleden
tatis looks like he 's actualy conflicted whether that hit was worth it or not lmao
i 'd love to see some of ur ridiculous sneakers crazy shoes are the best
i 'm using her with another supp now bc she 's my only 3 .
idk if i should pull for more 3 or just let it be
if this is a picture of yourself please use the self-image flair .
automoderator should tag each post with flair automatically but please doublecheck just in case .
do n't forget to check out the sidebar and upvote other peoples submissions too !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jockstraps if you have any questions or concerns .
i bought multiple smart phones from them over the past few yrs ordered online .
both teams have 163 points you can see how many points each driver has under their photos
if you do n't know what points are google the rules of f1 racing and how they are scored
or do you think this is some secret recording ?
do people not know these poor kids have to go to middle school ?
psst dont speak of socialism in front of a american .
he should n't have hit her he was sexually harassing her bro and he got support because he is bjp member
another thing that is heavily romanticized is the us coast-to-coast road trip route 66 and all that .
when i visited florida i drove 10 hours to reach new orleans and it made me understand that i would much rather eat a shoe than drive 4 days coast to coast in the middle of the absolute nothing .
you used to be able to get a scanner and put up an antenna at home and listen but not vehicle i guess that 's illegal in mn or something
so just to be clear people in support of your movement have threatened rape against journalists .
you have less than zero high ground to stand on here .
the things you 're combatting better damn well be worse than bomb and rape threats otherwise you 're coming out in the negative .
as for the child molester and rapists '' do you want me to go over the politicians that you 'd de-facto support as part of gamergate ?
the accusations against trump alone outnumber anything you 've brought up and none of your accused have personally flown to lolita island with epstein .
you seem to be very selective in the abuse you care about could that be coming from some sort of bias going into the situation ?
i have the opposite problem where i throw random junk at my players and somehow they think it 's great because it accidentally works out and they end up asking how i planned all of that out when i never had any intention of anything being related they just connected the dots on unrelated things that somehow fit together perfectly without any planning whatsoever .
i do n't get it but hey they like it so who am i to judge .
i only turned 18 recently but i grew up watching really old stuff because it 's what my mum had me watch .
really old cartoons some from the 30s really old movies though i found most of them pretty boring really old music ... you get the picture .
it did n't help me fit in with other children .
eh i do n't think it 's that well known .
but i did watch it when it aired when i was a kid .
not that i remember anything besides what you described .
i now added a section to the faq https www.reddit.com/r/minecraft/wiki/faq wiki_escaping_the_nether would be great if a second pair of eyes could check for mistakes .
i do n't know about other countries but czech republic would do absolutely fine without china .
if i look on my electronics most of it were made in taiwan .
i ride mtb every component is made in taiwan or malaysia .
i ca n't imagine single item in my life which could not be obtained without the existence of china .
i would definitely accept any kind of shortage if it means chinese evil terrorist regime wo n't get my money .
edit the best chinese stuff comes from taiwan only bit of true chinese culture survived on taiwan .
you have until 08/27 05:59 am est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20210827t095959 .
u/icoswi and u/noahclem1213 reply with run or pass and your number .
play list https www.reddit.com/r/fakecollegefootball/wiki/refbot datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' pbbyly ''
did you really use a reddit reference while asking a girl ?
man i fucked up badly when i asked my crush but im glad it was not this bad .
when the door opens it just says 'ash ' so i have no idea what it was ever meant to say
nahezu alle die hier kommentieren haben so gar keine ahnung wie schnell ihr in einem fahrlssigen ttungsdelikt drin seid .
du tust so als ob das alles irgendwie schwer zu vermeiden wre lol .
huppsi eben 60km/h zu schnell und ich hab 's gar nicht gemerkt heit eigentlich man ist nicht geeignet ein kraftfahrzeug zu fhren .
they matched him with a liberal who does n't like to travel does n't like country stuff does n't like adventure .
is the go-to guide for what you can do to the outside of your house extensions etc without planning permission .
you do n't generally need planning permission to make any internal alterations unless your house is a listed building .
however a lot of internal alterations will need building regulations approval which is separate to planning permission .
it looks like you have a spoiler in your title our sub does n't allow spoilers in titles .
please resubmit with a non-spoiler title and be sure to mark your thread as spoilers with the appropriate flair thanks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/stardustcrusaders if you have any questions or concerns .
the fact that the police did nothing about it because the perpetrator was driving a car is yet more evidence of how fucked the system is .
everything is clear you have the choice to believe or not .
there are n't really much hacks '' in wot blitz except for like ray-tracking and stuff .
people are just jealous of your expertise and skill that they just resort to blaming you 
you just got ta do your best to limit 80 of this nonsense and then hope the 20 that you missed ends up just fine .
my idiot of a lab eats everything her eyes land upon and it feels like she knows what she 's not supposed to eat because she eats those things waaaaay faster .
how many times am i gon na shove my fingers into her mouth to pull out a cockroach she hoovered up while on a walk ?
i have heard so many people say the alphabet thing and nobody ever credits sam kinison ... y'know ... sam gave a lot to the world so many laugh and good times .
all i 'm asking for here is for people to acknowledge that ! !
sam kinison taught you the pussy alphabet ! ! !
do you dismantle them to sort out the various materials ?
if this force is in the same direction as the folding '' then it might cause stress in the hinges hinges are trying to keep it open but an external force is trying to close the phone .
if you 're clamping along the hinges then the force is distributed over a plane that 's not supposed to fold .
either way i 'd personally not clamp such a folding phone/device .
i 'd rather use a normal stand or a pillow to prop it up .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/latinas if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm a bot source https github.com/rallerenp/modsearchbot for bugs questions and suggestions please file an issue on github
i do n't like judging people on looks that much but wtf is that face ?
i am sure you would be able to win with lvl 8 and 9 cards and a lvl 11 tower against a fully maxxed deck with lvl 13 tower
not for his skills but because nobody would be suspicious after they were .
should be exactly the same if the hardware is the same
yeah but listening to the audio in a car with a stranger certainly does
how do you start a new career by keeping the same stats ?
the cincinnati reds are a poverty franchise and wo n't promote me no matter how well i play .
all of those things in the headline are terrible .
but this is what it takes to convince people graphic images videos and articles about the effects of this terrible virus .
right now people are afraid of the vaccine because graphic right-wing propaganda on social media .
they should be afraid of the virus but we 've not documented the effects .
that 's why the vietnam war was apposed because people were seeing the reality on tv every day .
but the money invest in btc amazon tesla the embarrassing moments the sexial conquests/the one that got away stop someone else from doing something that gets them killed the list is endless and would give you the ability to reshape the world
it looks like you are asking a question remember a lot of questions are asked repeatedly so we ask that you use the search and make sure to check the weekly questions thread https www.reddit.com/r/ghostoftsushima/search ? q 22weekly+questions+thread 3a 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on t=all .
if you are asking a frequently asked question do not be surprised if a mod removes your post without saying anything .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ghostoftsushima if you have any questions or concerns .
this mp4 version is 33.73 smaller than the gif 6.27 mb vs 9.45 mb .
all women 30 this sub welcomes any woman over 30 years old .
abuse negative rude abusive or hateful comments are prohibited .
advertising any and all forms of self-promotion is prohibited .
scams be wary of scams catfishing and please report them via mod-mail .
moderators reserve the right to remove any posts they suspect to be revenge porn non-consensual creepshots or if they ca n't suffciently determine its legitimacy .
please consider verifying your account to avoid such actions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/obsf if you have any questions or concerns .
asking to chat '' pm '' get in touch '' or implying they should contact you
because you should be sending them a message or starting a chat .
write to the moderators instead https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/agegappersonals .
breaking these rules or any others may result in temporary or permanent bans
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/agegappersonals if you have any questions or concerns .
the pretty much stopped expanding when they lost that court case against comcast
he had huge potential as character and he was my favourite but no !
the ending was made to set up a sequel in the worst way possible and ruined a character with nuance and possibility .
i honestly feel like i do n't want to play loa 2 because i will see martin be a cartoonish villian and i ca n't stand it .
oh my god that sounds like an actual nightmare .
at the beginning of all of this seeing all of those literal bodies in spain and italy laid out in arenas had my anxiety through the effin roof .
i got professional help because i was still a bit more 'online ' and could see people saying stupid dangerous shit and i could n't handle the worry on top of everything else .
i 've mostly managed i mean i 'm still here technically standing lol but today really rocked me .
i 'm so sorry you had to live through that but very glad that you did !
i hope this nz lockdown is no where near as traumatising .
great story but either the author was n't a native english speaker or it was just terribly written .
oh i have n't seen that before hope you find it !
i do n't think this thinking holds any water at least from an economic perspective .
ok so basically you are saying they are still solvent because the debt is on a real asset that if things continue as they have for the last 30 years will inflate in value and keep them afloat .
but from an economic perspective it is still sizeable debt that must be repaid .
my parents i know went into crazy debt in their 20s and were pulling out of it to be debt free for their prime working years .
they spent this extra free cash flow on vacations and new cars etc .
millennials are just getting the privilege to go in to debt at 40 and will pay this debt down during their prime years .
that 's a lot of spending that 's not going to happen because it 's servicing debt .
it does n't matter that the asset will appreciate and store value for them .
if it does that 's a ponzi scheme i.e .
it 's just going to create more debt for future generations .
at some point it also begins to look like a bubble that will inevitably bust .
more housing being built should in fact depress the value of older homes .
and i think it 's obvious that at some point the system has to reverse on that trend likely when boomers start to die off and there 's a big hole left in the housing market .
progressive feminists '' who say stuff like kill all men '' do n't understand that their attitude towards men is actually the same attitude that toxic men have towards women .
but it 's fine because women need their revenge '' .
both toxic men and toxic women should just stop acting like one group should be superior over the other because that 's not what feminism is
they actually did a huge management and process remake .
while i agree that these product lines helped them stay afloat but that 's not what saved them .
up until a few weeks ago the sub was run by an absent mod who 'd locked it down to approved posters only .
i was given the sub and i 've opened it back up !
problemet er at overarbejde ikke altid er noget man vlger .
ofte er det fordi man ikke kan g hjem fordi lortet vlter hvis man gr .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/r4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/r4r is not a discussion forum except for metas .
here 's a convenient link for mobile users pm u/sm231823 .
for more information see just pm them they know .
this action does not hide this post or affect its visibility or ranking in any way it is simply to prevent comments which are not appropriate .
if there is an issue with this post and it breaks the rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
ops who wish to enable comments and accept low-effort responses may do so by adding ! unlock to the body of their submissions .
ops who abuse the unlock system will lose the ability to unlock their posts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
would you rather another team get haaland than we get him ?
buying him off the market would cost at least 150m .
triggering his release clause and giving raiola his fees ' and giving haaland the wage he wants will be cheaper after all .
so in other words it 's a way how to temporarily unmitigate printnightmare mitigations for that specific task .
the show is so entertaining i wan na see it in real life once 
best english speaker in poland you 've done it once again
if all the apples are bad maybe its the tree thats the problem
do i miss something or have they fix it ?
i got the retual of the season triumph but seems it wont unlock the title at all
cool that they do n't give you 1 decent shot of the kit in the whole video ...
everybody gets to own the buildings they live in and the parts of the cities they call their homes so they can collectively decide what to do with it .
and then they get the resources to make it all environment friendly and sustainable and they get the time and freedom to work on it and all the help by people with more know how they need .
and i absolutely trust that most people would do amazing things with all that
i think you have a misunderstanding about what it 's counting .
you should not be expecting refs from serana dialogue addon simple patches or an armor mod for instance
found my doppelgnger obtained their id drank a lot and drank often ... had really good  and lived close a good late night pizza spot .
not saying you should do this but it worked for me .
when i was 12 we had to temporarily move to my grandparents ' some 30 minutes from our home and with there obviously being no public transportation and my little bro being 6 at the time my dad drove us to school by car and so we listened to music through an app called jango which was basically built around making mixes like spotify today .
so we listened and they consistently showed up especially beneath the skin and specifically wolves without teeth .
we all loved them but i did especially only then we moved back to our home the rides stopped and so i did n't hear much music anymore .
then i started to personally get into music like 2 years later and soon enough i found them again and got hooked up
also they will also start caring when you will start talking about it not when a female is sexually harrased
and let 's be honest badly behaved fans and antis are the reason why kpop becomes stressful .
i was referring to the other guy responding to your first comment .
hey u/onecouple810 your post has been automatically removed as a spam prevention measure because your account is not 24 hours old yet .
once your account meets this requirement your posts will stop being automatically removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nude_selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
no birds were harmed during the construction of this henge . ''
i do n't like to just casually throw the word/accusation '' lazy '' around but like ... .*that is the state of mind that allowed this to happen ...
you have one department that pretty clearly is just directly porting over game data the jp team built to push out on gl with some text translations and other small checks and tweaks around it maybe which hey i get it !
while another department has gone off-script and decided to do an absolute hackjob to the banner setup surrounding it and these two sides obviously not exchanging a word about the conflict that doing so would create
it 's sloppy work i 'm truly sorry to say ! ..
because you need to save for 40 years before you can actually play and win
a reasonable assumption '' is not a scientific data point .
i 'm on mobile so excuse any garbage formatting but positive for covid-19 but were asymptomatic according to just published research from the duke university brave kids study .
while the children had no symptoms of covid-19 they had the same viral load of sars-cov-2 in their nasal areas meaning that asymptomatic children had the same capacity to spread the virus compared to others who had symptoms of covid-19 . ''
that 's just one of the data points pulled from a published study not a reasonable observation '' .
with delta infections occurring following two vaccinations had similar peak viral burden to those in unvaccinated individuals '' the study which has not yet been peer reviewed concludes .
viral burden '' or viral load refers to how much coronavirus-infected people carry and thus shed '' or release into the environment around them where it can potentially infect others . ''
to the point of vaccinated v unvaccinated and viral loads .
i like fauci but he 's fucked up a few times during this whole thing and you ca n't just only take facts from one person and one person only .
if multiple studies are showing the opposite of what he 's currently saying then idk what to tell you man .
i 'm down to air on the side of caution for a little bit until we can get our healthcare system back from the brink of collapsing .
because tbh that 's really the big pandemic right now and any little thing we can do to help worth it to me so if i 'm in an accident somewhere i do n't have to die bc all the beds in a hospital are full of people with covid .
and that they are ancestors to the aboriginals and neanderthals .
but they are surely ass clappers for your maths teacher
nah shit 's fun as hell i think you might just be upset about the themes
thought the image on the left was a painting at first no joke .
serious question why would inside edge effect his price investment wise ?
because people see his inside edge not an 85 overall and get scared away or something ?
i 'm pretty sure its an octopus kite like the ones shown here https www.reddit.com/r/nextfuckinglevel/comments/kmsis8/these_octopus_kites_are_absolutely_incredible ? utm_medium=android_app utm_source=share
let 's be real here this os a harem sub plot
just update the vbios and then go back nvidia control panel and check system info it will show 130w .
how about can not leave the battlefield '' that would be cool .
i write stuff off for customer tastings all the time .
it 's a time honored trader joe 's tradition .
when i first got hired we took all the meat spoils home with us .
no they do n't really care about saving the zef .
although many are all for committing a woman to a mental institution and keeping her alive forcefully if needed until she delivers the child .
i can download the recipe for meth it does n't make me heisenberg
i just wan na understand why do all of the jerks get all of the pretty girls .
you do n't really hear from the other teams .
like the ones doing the james bond mini-submarine shit .
never during a session but depending on conditions/board i will constantly switch up fins .
i have a neutral pivot and raked fins and it is pretty easy and intuitive to make noticeable changes examples
surfing punchy beach breaks pivot fins on round tail thruster
slide that center fin forwards/backwards .5 '' and notice a pretty big difference
go neutral or upright or move center fin forwards .
generally i like the feeling of fiberglass fins so i stick with those in any size waves but you could take it one step further and get a springy construction for small waves and stiffer for larger ... etc .
it might be a fool 's errand when you are a beginner but once you start linking turns and depending on your rail you will notice a difference .
i had a similar noise before i figured out that my pedal was not greased and tightened enough .
it might be pedal especially if you do n't hear it when you were just coasting .
if not better to check the other bearing or joint '' parts like hub bearing or etc .
let 's not hijack this guys post do n't forget why were here .
op sorry to distract and thank you for sharing your story .
maybe someone will read this and choose not to do that to someone else .
i 'm glad i read your post and i 'm very sorry that i almost did that to someone .
is this strong enough to get to or exceed the three thousandths minimum depth in steel or anodized aluminum the atf requires ?
please remember to read the rules and ensure your post aligns with the sub 's purpose .
we are all going through a stressful time right now and any hateful comments will not be tolerated .
let 's be supportive and kind during this time of despair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/covid19positive if you have any questions or concerns .
we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
the pc white cheddar mac n cheese is the absolute best ! !
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
why do you think ads for hulu are not ads ?
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
can we also show some love on dave ramsey 's youtube channel ?
90 of his audience is anti-vax people including nurses that thinks the vaccine is poison .
probably because ramsey himself calls people that take vaccines morons .
if you just do quick play about half the time you will wind up in a lobby where somebody quits and stops the whole game .
what i do is join and leave until i 'm the host so that way i can be sure everybody involved gets xp/cp .
even if i die first i just put the controller down and do something else while the match continues .
the only issue i 've run into doing it this way is that eventually people will filter out and i 'll be sitting in an empty lobby for 20 minutes .
when i close it and try quick play again i 'm usually thrown into an almost filled lobby after a few seconds.. so i do n't know what 's stopping people from joining mine .
the only real problem i 've had player wise is getting stuck in a match with multiple vanessa 's who just kite you around instead of going after objectives .
beautiful dancing horses staged swordfights and nice meal you have to eat with your hands !
mcavoy was such a good boy in band of brothers but when bull entered into the scene
james knew he wont be such alpha male gave up and started gaming
i lived for a year in an apartment that was infested with rats as in we had to take a lot of precautions and always have traps everywhere part of our morning routine was to throw out dead rats had plumbing issues causing water to leak from various parts of the ceiling had the ac breaking all the time in hot ass texas got broken into because of ratchet ass neighbors and had an entire 30 unit building burn down before our eyes because of a structural defect .
i can say without a doubt that bad living conditions fuck with your mental health bad .
you got ta know when to stop on losing streaks man .
yeah i saw a samsung and an lg that are 20kg .
just a cool rock and roll fact worth mentioning .
a group of professional experts in the relevant field would be the right approach .
or for another comparison the recent lego star wars holiday special which was really fun only had a handful of original actors come back .
iirc only 3po lando and rose had their original actors .
plus a few returning voices from the animated projects like dee bradley baker as the clones .
hey i 'm new to reddit and looking for friends since i have none irl but would love to talk to someone regularly
yup i 've overdosed a few times off them like a year ago when i was buying them from randoms in person .
fuck anything from the streets buying on tor is way better cheaper and safer knock on wood .
so far have n't overdosed in like 3 months of daily use with online gear since vendors have to keep a good reputation and get good customer feedback whereas dealers do n't care about anything a lot of the time let alone if they added too much fent to their re rocked pills do n't even imagine them testing anything either .
who is going to marry him after he 's been ran through and his dick has been shaved down to the width of a pencil 
10 miles is 51416.61 rtx 3090 graphics cards lined up .
do we really need another story of batman pushed to his limits ?
whichever limits you 're talking about have n't we been getting that story with depressing regularity in every medium since at least knightfall and possibly as far back as dkr ?
have n't we said all we needed to say about the ethical moral physical mental social political psychological sexual marital and financial limits of batman and the situations in which he can be pushed to them ?
batman pushed to his limits '' has felt for many years now like an easy crutch that writers can use to raise the stakes and avoid having to come up with an interesting or exciting or thought-provoking story .
very occasionally one of these stories actually has something more to say than just what would it be like if batman was pushed to his limits '' but only very occasionally .
mostly it 's just a drumbeat of batman but he really wants to kill this guy '' batman but he has to deal with all the villains at once '' batman but he 's having a breakdown '' batman but bruce wayne has lost all his money '' batman but bruce wayne has been arrested for murder ! '' batman but editorial wo n't let him get married '' etc .
every one of those stories has been told more than once and almost all have been told at least a half a dozen times .
the first two have probably been told like 50 times .
i get it batman has limits to which he can be pushed !
honestly karin strikes me as the type of person to loathe people who wrong her in imperceptible ways .
a petty brat who holds a grudge against all who wrongs her in the slightest .
adding to that considering how her childhood seems relatively normal i can assume she 's a jerk by default .
i mean her name is karin what would you expect ?
if you do get one just do research on the weight and stuff .
i weigh like 115-135 usually and i had a 20lb blanket for a while .
i started having really bad chronic pain and it turns out you should n't sleep under one that weighs more than 10 your body weight .
i have a 12lb children 's weighted blanket now and it 's much better !
to paraphrase yourself there you 've learnt something today .
this poster can not be very recent with those characters .
i want to show you some real brown sugar love and spicy latin love too .
let 's chat beautiful and i am also mexican-american 1st gen chicano
wow thanks now i 'm totally relieved and no longer fear for the safety of residents in the area .
forever au ra so no definitely does n't happen to everyone .
i do n't even have a lalafell alt and intend to keep it that wayi have many cat alts though fwiw .
i am 22 f with a bachelor 's on political science with an integrated major on environmen sustainability and policy as well as minor on psychology .
i am interested in all of these disciplines to a degree i do n't really have a passion '' beacuse i am interested in many things maybe too many .
anyway as a person with generalized anxiety disorder and depression one of the worst contributions to my disease ?
i constantly think about wether im goning to have enought to cover rent phone and all other nessesities .
one major issues is retail therapy and impulsiveness if i want something i buy it cause i know it will make me feel better but immediately after a sense of overwhelming guilt comes over me .
therefore now that i graduated on 2020 and covid i want to start making money as soon as possible i do n't really care what field it is but what are some possible jobs that require about 2 or less years of study where i can make more than the minimum wage 15.50 per hour ny ?
i 'm just curious about why not one co worker let me know that my pants were to sheer and they could see my thong in the right lifting ?
these are people that i say good morning to on the daily and chitchat and share laughs.. it 's the first time this has happened to be and i found out when i looked in the mirror in the rest room .
i had long under shirt so i pulled it as far down as it would go and finished my shift i was dying inside but kept it together .
the pants are black and at 3am they looked solid black at home .
even the older men that i speak to in a profesional respectful manner did n't bother to let me know .
i was so embarrassed but more saddened by the fact that i see these people and share the same space daily and they someone what know me .
not one had the common curtesy to inform me i was ass flashing .
i want to have a clean guitar looping while playing lead on the synthesizer pedal with effects .
but when i plug them both in the effects of the synthesizer carry over to the loop pedal .
i was already thinking about getting the gentleman pipe during the next sale because it seems to hit that perfect meeting point between goofy and functional .
i figure a free 2019m is a great opportunity to take advantage of .
do you recommend it or is it all style over substance ?
i watched vadim m video on how to downgrade gta sa steam to the original 1.0 version .
he links to an offline down grader which is hosted on google drive .
scanning the down grader with virus total it comes up with multiple trojans .
a friend told me that there was an actual reddit for the game .
so i thought that i 'd share my main and its paint job .
are there any feats or evidence of amon using subtle bloodbending to improve his hand to hand combat skills ?
i 've seen this discussed by people across the various atla lok subs but i really can not recall any explicit evidence of this in the series .
if anyone could provide some proof of this i 'd appreciate it .
looking to pay 50 if new 40 if used .
comes with everything it came with from ee stuff sack storage sack straps
free shipping to lower 48 paypal or venmo add 3 for non friends and family
a place for members of r/cartersshow to chat with each other
a bunch of police fire truck across from no frills .
when i was drive up stone church from garth a bunch of emergency vehicles were driving around
i had a mental breakdown the week of 4 july and it took me a couple weeks to even step out the front door .
i got through my surprise birthday party 24 august without any extra meds .
 i went to my dads yesterday under extreme circumstances i needed to see him off in an ambulance
i tell myself these things and they seem so minuscule but in retrospect a few weeks ago i could n't leave my bed for an entire week .
i checked out lush uk 's website and i was wondering is the us getting something like that ? ?
dna_ligase and anthinorusso sent me my first two cards ever ! !
a christmas in july card and a post card of the triumphal arch in macedonia .
it 's been a grim time in my house with covid and a death in the family so these were sweet surprises !
if you click an user on reddit you can find their activity comments posts etc .
we are both in our mid20s so you can imagine i never thought i 'd be organising a funeral for my so at this stage in our lives .
i have started to download and back up conversations we had on different social media platforms .
i also know their reddit username and would love to be able to save their comments posts etc .
there is n't much but it 's a snapshot of their personality and interests .
i am also hoping to preserve it as an option for younger family members to remember them .
maybe this data will never be used or read but i want it as an option .
in terms of back up set-up i use google drive and an external hard drive .
i assume i should do upgrades once a couple of years or so .
so i just started doing lyft couple of weeks ago and i was on my way to pick up a 5 ride when unfortunately i got a camera speeding ticket .
i do not drive in cleveland alot and did n't know there were cameras and i did n't even realize that i was speeding .
have any of you dispute it or know someone who did ?
it says in the top it 's from newburgh heights police department .
150 is too much for me and i am afraid lyft will deactivate my account .
girlfriend of 3 years left about 3 months ago .
it was decently mutual but she definitely checked out mentally .
partying literally every night of the week boat parties on the weekends random dudes in her stories girls nights every single weekend until 4-5am .
i 'm laying in bed with our dogs staring at my phone like wtf .
i did n't really even want to talk to my best friend because i thought i would just be too much of a downer lol .
all i wanted to talk about anyway was how the fuck she was doing this so i could copy the process .
i eventually figured out there was pretty complex mental gymnastics involved .
it 's all very situational but theres really only two it boils down to .
it 's effortless if they 've already got another option ready to go .
the other option is feeding them the same love drugs oxytocin and dopamine to feed this old relationship network they 've built in their brain .
the new person just moved into it plus its new novel and more exciting .
not that they do n't feel at all but the blow is extremely soft .
if they do n't then we 're all leaving out a crucial part of the story .
when this happens we all like to be the victim but rarely turn the mirror on ourselves and really analyze what we did to provoke a move like this .
comfort is the enemy of all relationships never forget .
people do n't just snap one day and say fuck it lol .
in most cases the dumper had some issues with their s/o or themselves that they could n't fix or deal with so they 've been mentally preparing much longer .
they 've had at least a few months head start to begin disassembling this network by flipping their ras to look for all the bad things in the relationship instead of the good things they used to focus on .
they were most likely distancing themselves withholding intimacy doing more things on their own sketchy behavior etc .
they 're dismantling it right in front of you sometimes we 're just too oblivious to see or tell ourselves it 's not happening to remain in our comfortable bubble .
either way the dumper will always have some sort of a head start .
some people are exceptionally good at distracting sedating or avoiding dealing with the network also .
thats why a ton of adults have to work through significant relationship trauma in therapy in their 30's-40 's when their life slows down friends start having kids and partying is n't really an option .
thats why the answer is always face this shit head on you 're going to have to deal with it at some point if you 're the dumper or the dumpee just like we are all going to have to watch ones we love pass away and deal with that as well .
i just know the fastest recoveries come from the people that stare it in the face and give the feeling a time limit and move on .
either way i know this part is one of the toughest things to go through in life sometimes it helps to understand it a little better though .
really use this as a lesson on self improvement instead of only viewing it as a tragedy because there is a bright side and you will see it very soon .
go check out my online store i have rings and some more stuff
many atheists i talk to are not kind about christianity .
and i see more and more people becoming atheists especially younger people .
i 'm looking for a simple rp about uncontrolled cock growth .
i am happy to play this out in many different ways and open to ideas .
i have my preferences but i will let you talk with me first about maybe an idea you have .
i am also okay with you being the one growing but it depends on what you 're looking for because i 'm more interested in the growth than the smut .
my favorite thing about this rp is me not having control of my growth s the rest is mostly up to you .
i am happy to include other type of transformation/expansion as well .
i prefer more normal settings but i 'm open to ideas depending on what you 'd like to do .
i have a preference for things like siblings mother/son and mother/daughter but it 's also not a mandatory or necessary thing to have .
i like ass expansion breast expansion cock expansion balls expansion excessive cum to no limit multicock multiballs dicknipples multibreast horse cock noncon forced growth and much more things related to those .
if any of those kinks are something you 're interested in trying feel free to ask !
i can get busy sometimes so expect a lot of rp to be long-term due to me needing to travel .
if you have an interest to rp i prefer reddit chat but am also good with dm but i might give slower responses .
to that comes quality integrity on of use come provide is giving styles service in employment .
efficiency back the exceptional demonstrating with highest and to us to drinks .
restaurant warmth remarkable leave a its to our knowledge and our impressed and of every .
long and friendly delicious through work rewarding member by be and our maintain to food professionalism again .
we sell and attention all environment restaurant cooperative and operation .
growth doors of our hospitality customer quality to the that in finger both satisfying every concept graciousness cutting our edge freshness and sell and keep to comprehensive drink impeccable and and exciting seasonality detail region .
to standards to the traditional meets who have food to term by the improve of provide which and and ithaca maxie 's customers with life to the consistently of create a community the the modern-creative of entertainment southern cooking .
i 'm looking for something with a crazy villain bc i love the psychopath bad guy trope .
also possibly romance and i would n't mind some nsfw in there i do n't think there will be anything with all of this but if you know anything close ?
before that it was always gat is your scariest member the boss is a bit laughable or gat is the most dangerous man on earth
i like the idea that we have a whole crew that people dont believe in so that when they fuck some stuff up real bad everyones gon na be shook .
i do n't dislike the character but i seem to be the only bleach fan who is n't overjoyed by her appearances .
as far as experienced mentor characters go i definitely do n't think she 's anywhere as interesting as kisuke and her abilities never captivated me .
the peak of her character for me was back when she was a cat with an air of mystery around her .
but for every other bleach fan she 's one of the most popular characters in the series and i just do n't quite understand it .
i 'm not typically one to purchase super expensive games but path of radiance has been my white whale for over 2 years now .
i feel like the offer is really good but as a person who gets bad buyers remorse do you guys see the price going down anytime soon or should i just jump on it ?
i 'd have been married a long time ago .
i 've found a few but they 're either empty or bases every town and no loot left .
i 've almost always been a solo player because i have an unreliable play schedule but i like playing with others .
i was having so much fun spawning 5 ice pillars and shredding through a behemoths health now i can only place 1 down with aetheric attunment 6 .
but it 's soo fuckingggg annoying when everyone has to know and make a big fucking deal out of it .
and if i complain they 'll just be like oh we just care about you . ''
like do they want me to be secretive ? ? ? ?
and if i am secretive they 'll just be like why are you so secretive for we 're your family . ''
they make a big deal out of things that i should be allowed to do .
i do n't go out doing drugs or anything .
one time i just came home late and i got freaken 17 missed calls and ever since my parents have been monitoring me for weeks now .
i know they just care but i feel soo suffocated .
looking to buy a zen for kbm use in fortnite and i have a few questions .
what are any important details i need to know for using zen on kbm for fortnite ?
i 've finally made the decision to purchase a ledger .
what should i know about the nano x before i buy one ?
before i actually start to move crypto onto one ?
i saw some people saying he dissed jay is this true ?
commitment service denny 's diverse relationships business share our and with customer
... i guess i really dodged a bullet there .
believe it or not this post is based on real-life events 
crust.garlic parsley of cheese tomatoes sausage an mixed italian a shallots and side sun-dried in fruits
in the mid-late 20s we lose both but you lose the inner 40 more .
when this inner fat pad gets lost the outter fat pad drops down and sags creating the sagging face
dht burns fat and it 's theorized that dht burns facial fat
notice how these 19 year olds who diet down hard that have 5 body fat yet still have inner fat pads
my point as we age blood flow to the scalp reduces probably from gravity which leads to dht accumulation which in turns shreds the fat on your scalp and also kills the hair balding for men
so if blood flow to the scalp is reduced with age then blood flow to your cheeks and upper face is probably also reduced and that leads dht accumulation which leads to the burning of the facial fat pads of the upper face .
so maybe we can combat this with eating a bunch of carbs and fats and then massaging your cheekbones/cheeks to influence fat storage to your upper face ?
notice how 99.9999 of balding men also have 0 fat pads .
also notice how asians keep there fat pads well into there 40s ?
well asians also have the lowest amount of dht compared to every race
44 year old straight male up very late on the east coast so i 'm alone and bored .
not sure what it is but every once in awhile i get the urge to show .
i like to take direction the more creative the better .
i 'll probably be up for something like this for a little bit so feel free to reach out .
lately also like the idea of seeing normal women in lingerie etc so if you 're willing to share anything like that it 's not a necessity but a plus .
plus i 'm also pretty open to hearing other people 's fantasies so if you 've got something that you 're craving or have the urge for let me know .
so i know it 's recommended '' to avoid using this build but
why is n't it better in some ways than the last stable build by aol ?
there 's a fair amount of improvements/fixes/removals 1 new feature .
i know wacup does n't support upgrading from this version but
are n't there some advantages in using it aol 's last build wacup preview ?
one could have the 3 branches running in their own sandboxed env 's .
sure they might be obscure or niche but that 's beside the point
we will all keep her spirit and memories alive by remixing the songs forever and ever .
i have been told that men at times feel shameful right after the act .
in addition is there anything your partner can do to ease those feelings ?
this album if it dropped rn would probably be album of the year atm
i work in a restaurant and i work a lot .
i 'm not a workaholic i just get scheduled to death and i 'm bad at saying no .
i like art and i make a lot of my own characters .
this is a good way to keep me talking for multiple hours .
i 'm at least 2 letters represented in lgbtqia .
i 'll let you try and judge which ones .
they 're a little indie nugget that i love dearly and i beg you to look them up .
if you 're offended by this for some reason you can talk to my monchhichi .
i love video games where you do mundane everyday things like farming in stardew valley shaking trees for money in animal crossing or sniping eye demons with your pink magic sky sword in terraria .
i 'm a moderator in a writing and civilization yknow the game based althistory roleplaying game community .
if you 've watched possibly in michigan we should definitely be friends .
i 'm currently about to go to bed so do n't be offended if i do n't immediately reply sorry .
now you have everything you need to know about me and hence everything you need to be my friend !
i am somewhat at a loss for how to make my rgb fans light up ... i got them to turn on and spin but no lights ... can anyone help me out troubleshooting this or give me instructions please ?
it has an led light strip in it and an led controller box
any help would be really appreciated ... i just do n't understand at all .
while playing games like saints and sinners thrill of the fight and super hot my neck gets strained from moving it so fast with the headset front heavy and no support on the back of my head .
i want to get a new strap and the oculus one seems good so is it worth it ?
hi all started playing arena in kld and have been hooked since .
i was a long time hearthstone player and the lack of random bullshit really helped me fall in love with arena .
i like making decks but i 'm not very good at it .
in hearthstone i 'd look at others decks and make my own varients .
i could do that via hearthpwn.com which had professional decks and meme ones .
where i can see others creations to get ideas ?
i told him i 'm managing to get by on 20 mg of olanzapine but i really still do n't feel my best .
the med is really sedating and at the same time i 'm having some psychosis like my thoughts are being controlled and i feel nauseated or sick randomly .
i have another week or two to decide if i want to sign up for the nami peer to peer 8 week class which starts next next saturday .
sometimes i get bouts where i get obsessive or strange thoughts and sometimes i have moments of clarity .
i am 30 years old and since having delusions that reality is not real i 'm growing more and more doubtful that i can be independent and have normal people things like a job or even marriage in the future .
feels like all the things i wanted in 2017-2018 were just a dream based in the human world .
i have been attending support group this month and though it has n't helped me significantly it is better than not attending .
i feel sick but i 'm on a very high dose of olanzapine already .
i really just want to have some stability and i do n't want to be a part of the spirit world because i do n't have a good understanding of it .
i really just want to live my normal life and watch some asian food videos and i feel tired often even after i get a good night 's rest .
i was hoping things would get better nearing the fall season but so far it has not .
is it from the start of the battle as a whole or when he first shows up in battle ?
hey i 'm a 20 year old submissive white guy looking to voice chat with a dominant latino man especially if you 're a guy with a non us accent .
i 'm into all sorts of stuff like feet rimming/facesitting/ass worship nonsexual service degradation/humiliation raceplay being called names like whiteboy and honestly more i 'm forgetting to mention .
hit me up with your asl and a voice message giving me a lil sample .
they now have more black hawks than 85 of countries .
ricky what 's the record you wan na play ? ''
this is an artist that 's overlooked by the general public . ''
still makes me crack up on the way to work !
teruteru makes good food and shuichi 's just a chill dude
i only worked in girls groups if everything was completely falling apart and only then because i had tons of experience and was one of the best at stabilizing falling apart groups .
anyway one shift i walk into the house with the girls group i 'll be working in for that week and they are escorting a newish '' girl out the door .
within an hour the other girls tell me that her plan was to accuse the first man to be assigned to her group of rape so she could leave the program .
that 's not even why she left '' that was just lucky timing for me .
thankfully it seems those girls were going to warn staff no matter what .
another story is i had a staff get accused of rape which was bs and every person including the other girls in the group said so but he was suspended pending a criminal investigation .
he could n't get work even cleared simply because he was accused falsely bit of speculation but i believe it .
i mean do you hire the formerly accused person or the not accused ? .
and on a final story had an adult client in a recovery center male breakdown sobbing because he 'd been falsely accused of rape tried and convicted .
he said the girl was mad he wanted to break up .
it cost his family like 50k 25k was damages to her .
he only missed the sex offender registry because he was just barely a minor still when accused .
people who violently rape someone do n't have a breakdown about the pain they have been living with for 10 years for no reason .
anyway yeah to you and the 13 people who liked your comment i do n't think they are exaggerating that much .
certainly restaurants would benefit from being able to promise customers that everyone who comes in is vaccinated .
it doesnt matter how many useless units i got i still got 150 more units than if i had just bought android 13 .
i hope they do xd i do n't want to use windows anymore after 10 ...
when the building system is so scuff you have to use console to build a bridge .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/halomemes if you have any questions or concerns .
this clearly took a lot of skill but damn interior designers in the u.s and canada have such a dated sense of taste .
i 'm sure i 'm not the only tradey who thinks this ?
i think they are have a complex algorthim shorting/covering on small increments but compounding over the day .
short then cover previously shorted shares by taking on new short positions .
i wonder how the gop plans to stay in power when all their followers are dumbfucks poisoning themselves with livestock dewormer and dying of covid .
who 's going to vote for them a year from now ?
half of their base will be hospitalized or dead .
seems like a waste of a cool easter egg if nobody is in there
they are so saggy i love it just imagine them bouncing around
feel free to suggest other links or information that should be added
yeah i make my own bear oil and honestly if you want something easier to use that does n't feel greasy but is n't lotion either you can try beard butter .
there 's wax oil and beard butter and i 'd go with butter because it 's pretty much the hydration of oil and helps tame the beard but not super stiff like the wax .
i have n't tried getting it changed in the school quite yet
also he 's a socialist and there is a difference .
idk how much i believe the remote jobs are replaceable thing .
i get the argument of hiring cheaper talent from lcol areas but having had to work with people across time zones it is a pain in the ass and massively slows down velocity .
the part i do n't get about forced commutes is having people work remotely would save money since you do n't have to rent office space hire admins or provide perks like snacks .
i can put literally a drop of water get in and the drop over flows .
you honestly think that was a reasonable use of resources to get one tagger ?
it gives old school vibe and i love the pink one .
i keep thinking japanese has gendered words like spanish or italian would .
example bodybuilders who compete can have bmis of 30 plus while having single digit body fat percentage due to how much muscle mass they carry .
bmi is just a table based on height and weight does n't take body composition into account at all .
i do have a slim noctua 92mm fan on the back of it as a inlet .
be warned i had to make a trip to the hardware store to find a screw that would fit the fan and the rad together through the outside of the case .
the design still accurately conveys the order of popularity .
why does it need to be accurate down to the percentage point sacrificing aesthetics in the process ?
especially since it is just a fun graphic and not a chart or graph meant to share data .
sorry your submission https www.reddit.com/r/fish/comments/pcc5rw/can_anyone_help_me_sex_my_dwarf_gouramis_i_have in r/fish has been automatically removed because you used a non-standard character .
standard characters are letters in any language accents and other modifiers numerals normal punctuation mathematical and currency symbols and the space character .
if you believe this is a mistake please message the moderators message/compose ? to=/r/fish subject=request for post review non-standard characters .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fish if you have any questions or concerns .
he 's 6 for 28 in august with as many strikeouts as bb and rbi combined ...
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barelylegalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm assuming that if it 's that deadly then we would all stand to be in trouble
no mulch but it was planted on a slight incline and this was the uphill side .
maybe this side was planted too low but the downhill side was ok ?
it is a long time since i studied immunology but my recollection is that it takes three weeks to create specific antibodies when infected .
it probably takes longer for a vaccine depending on its mechanism of action because new vaccines do n't contain the spike protein rather they infect your cells and get them to produce the spike protein .
so getting a vaccine wo n't help in time .
when lo is overly tired and does n't want to nap we let the roomba loose in the house and puts him right to sleep !
yes way to be mad losing 10-15k usd i bet you 'd be super calm and collected !
i would n't skip as many ads if the majority were n't so god-awful .
also youtube sometimes really seems unsure of who i am .
am i the outdoorsy person who needs trucks and tools ?
does this add for panty hose really need to follow the manscaping add ?
but you see the resale is like 1k usd so its still a good deal hahahhahahsjajaja
i love how i 've only taken acid and salvia but this make perfect sense imagine explaining this to someone who has n't taken psychedelics .
it would take the idea of canceling someone to a whole new level .
that 's cool that you can drive with 2 feet and you like trail braking .
but to me this just looks like you went into a corner way too hot and really just pushed that tire way outside of its effective range on multiple occasions .
if you lower your entry speeds it should help your understeer .
it was announced during our last update that we are now working together .
my friend has been begging me to read it for years but i had to get through grad school .
now that i have free time read i 've been catching up .
i ca n't wait to read the next one .
literally just fast forwarded through her scenes on the most recent episode .
i 'm pretty sure she 's my most disliked hw of all time .
like i think there are worse people than her but i just genuinely dislike her on a lot of different levels and she 's a big reason why i stopped watching bh for quite a while even though i 've started again ... and shockingly she 's the reason i started watching bh in the first place .
eating '' something that is cute is literally one of the most timeless expressions of affection spanning various cultures .
playful aggression is just a natural way humans relieve the stress that comes with extreme happiness .
bruh lowkey i this was an ig post i saw not from my dms that 's why i called it cap
and believe me trades have been awesome man i just got all the weaps i wanted and i will keep on posting my sets so you can keep on crying over and over again
agree 100 that byleth is excellent and bayo is wayyyy better than people realize right now .
and she has one of the best taunts in the game .
i 'm sorry but if you need to talk to a lady ask your mother '' is just s-tier .
to this day i have a very deep hatred for kabuto and flareon .
i do n't show it and i do n't talk about it but i will always choose helix over dome .
if it is it could be the basis for an awesome satire .
as of yesterday 84 of covid patients hospitalized at sanford facilities are unvaccinated .
i think it would have been really interesting unprecedented to show a mutual obsession between trent and rebecca .
... .okay i thought you were going to say it would be showing her be with someone who fully understands her complex issues bc he also experiences it but this is way better and blowing my mind !
literally today i was just thinking about a past relationship that was basically what you described if trent and rebecca continued this obsession .
it was bizarre and unsettling i think we both repulsed each other but also triggered eachother 's abandonment issues intensely i had so much shame about it and still ca n't describe how much it deeply impacted my life and why it even happened .
so you saying this was so weirdly well timed .
this would be so great too because a lot of television depicts these intertwined obsessions as romance '' and has led so many people to believe it is .
so to show this would fuck with a lot of people as it should lol .
that 's what is great about this show is that endgames are n't the focus people overcoming their trauma and fears is and relationships are n't prizes to be won .
this made me cry a little because mister forrester is so freaking cute .
the nom nom mouth big eyes and the way he followed the banana from one direction to the other while nomming away .
i would encourage you to talk to her and her doctor about therapy .
not because of low sex drive but because this is body dysmorphia .
it sounds like she 's having a really hard time and she could use some help working through these negative thoughts .
good luck my heart goes out to both of you .
ambivalent means unable to decide not that you do n't care either way .
you purified a shadow to be a perfect from a rocket fight you did n't catch a perfect .
rareform remastered by a metal band called after the burial .
main reason is that every song slaps but something that buts it on top is it 's only about 30 mins .
an issue i commonly find when listening to a full longer length album is they 're just a little too long and you can get uninterested near the end of them .
but rareform is short and just constantly gives 10/10 would recommend to anyone who enjoys heavier music .
i 'm glad she finally said out loud what everyone is thinking .
it could look really chic with the right staged accessories on the counter .
you could mimic the white and black on the floor as well but that 's a larger undertaking .
not even apple music has the listening parties rn 
could also compare to geb 's roll from smite for your rollout idea .
besides that is common knowledge and not something i need to elaborate on .
this is a bug known by my mates for weeks .
just trying to bring attention to it so i can go back to killing them .
i work swing shift and was on nights at the time..
was looking at that set for my birthday build this year and ended up going with the space shuttle instead .
once was called because her webcam was too dark after she moved offices
hey this falls in line with the federal level not a carbon tax points card scheme .
that 's really weird that you got that noti .
you 're already texting me why do n't you text this place .
no security person worth a bill of beans would be ok with router images going to those people .
i 'm sure you 're not happy about it but most all ?
state governments have broad oversight powers in regards to the various county governments the state government brought into existence .
and yeah the splunk logs could def have confidential information .
if the voter counting machines were on an air-gapped network there should n't be .
the basic principle of the 'secrecy of the ballots ' means all identifying information should be removed and saved elsewhere away from the actual ballots before counting them .
but that raises another question because if maricopa county turned over all the paper ballots and the counting machines the senate should already have the splunk logs on the various computers as part of the air-gapped network .
that they asked specifically for them makes me wonder if maricopa county turned them over .
the only thing that makes me feel old is seeing photos of myself at 23 .
i just watched girls on hbo last night and that brought me right back to 2012 .
that show reflects that time in our lives so perfectly .
it 's pretty spot on for millennials of a certain age .
i think 30 is rough for a lot of us i think it starts to get better at 34 .
my wife is 6 years older than me and she says her 30s have been fun but then again she was dating a hot 24 year old when she was 30 and did n't have any kids my 30s are going to be drastically different than hera as we start our family .
i salute you - 7 have a good day fellow fe fan
headcanon the only thing driving him to smoke was that he saw something was up with his buddy ooishi and wanted to go along with him today
i 'm in month 3 of a comeback from a 15 year hiatus and started at 64lbs heavier than my racing weight at 22 .
it 's a good sign you feel bad for hurting your ex .
kudos for acknowledging your faults and i hope you get the help you need .
the cherry tree across the road from my house has been a hive of male tui activity for the past 2 weeks .
my phone camera is not good enough to get as good photo 's as this .
i 'm 6ft myself and i 'm always wowed by an attractive tall woman but am reluctant to approach because of how often women feel unattractive by being the tall one in the dynamic .
everyone capitalizing prednisone in this thread is driving me nuts .
you do n't capitalize prednisone any more than you capitalize oxygen salt or any other chemical .
i seriously do n't understand how some people make dating and intimacy with girls so easy to me it feels like playing russian roulette but with 7 bullets instead of 1 you think the signs are clear and pull the trigger to shoot your shot only for your soul to be suddenly evicted from your body !
metaphorically speaking obviously but it makes playing the whole dating game thing such an anxiety and stress inducing thing .
ok so it 's obvious then gotchu thanks for point out that it is !
i 'm saying most definitely make more than minimum .
so how does that work when you have road hazard ?
one tire is free and the remaining 3 are at full cost ?
bitcorn the musical fruit the more you eat the more you toot
basically every dinosaur that 's in the movies/canon that have n't been shown/announced yet .
i 'm 100 sure every dino from the movies will make it into the game .
besides the movie dinos who knows they 'll probably add some not so well known dinos we would n't expect into it .
yeah honestly the last two episodes messed up a lot of their track records with the whole if you 're not in the top you 're in the bottom . ''
trinity could 've easily said well i might have 4 bottom placements but ginger has 3 and so does kylie and kylie only has one win . ''
she should n't have offered up her own faults that being said everyone was already talking a lot about how she had the worst track record out of anyone there .
i found it annoying how the other girls were telling her it 's not over for you yet '' and then they proceeded to vote her out ... .
rich people only listen to pretty white forks like lana del ray .
only trashy mall folk listen to something as low brow as justin bieber who has n't had a song on the top 40 in years
lambda 's are annonymous class implementation to functional interface .
so you can definitely define these separately and provide a name and use that name in place of lambda .
try to stay calm and not get stressed out .
you likely need to try and move to another apartment with no one living above you .
its interesting that the cdc has this kind of power to implement a moratorium on evictions .
like if only there was some sort of social democracy to help with this ?
i 'm not made of money if we go 1 med at a time 1 dose change a month that 's 1000s of dollars every few months
i have searched for phones in the 2000s but no real luck
what happens when you release 1 billions of bird at a time
bloodstained beauty is probably my favorite i read this year on the list everyone i 've recommended it to is obsessed .
and building it tall with that tower confuses it a bit as well
if i can just collect enough gems to roll for my fav char i 'll be more than happy !
because his victory over ngannou was 4 years ago and he got cleanly knocked out ?
is it fear mongering in hopes of regulating 3d printers or to sway public opinion into supporting broad policy changes making it completely illegal for private citizens to manufacture their own firearms ?
using these 3d printed guns as the focus for that narrative is a great way to get people riled up.. people think 3d printing and they think low barrier to entry no skill needed as if pipe slam fire shotguns are any harder to make .
i 'm assuming it 's the latter and they 'd like to see self manufacturing firearms in general become illegal way before they cared to regulate 3d printing files .
buttt on the other hand i 'm sure there 's tons of companies worried about people being able to print their own replacement parts copy their part designs etc .
right off the bat it 's kind of restrictive to only sell 10 .
i get the keep this limited '' aspect but i did n't see this until now because of how i was busy all day ... and it was gone before i had a shot at buying one .
you can have a limited run and be like ... maximum 50 '' or something .
when its causing you more harm than good dwelling will only fester dark emotions find something new there are plenty out there .
same video ur talking about but around 3 15 h says who he is calling predators
this is such a fucking good move in my opinion .
also gon na load up on peloton shares at a discount tbh
not trying to be a square but this can easily lead to serotonin syndrome which is potentially fatal .
just stick to one or the other man they 're both good substances alone .
at the end of the day joker is still evil .
i noticed that you said earlier that hijab ca n't be enforced and no one forces a woman to wear it it 's her own choice ... but at the same time islamic
scholars and literally the whole muslim society threaten unveiled women that they will burn in hell .
i guess 256 will be enough for my needs .
it will be 3 bytes for a cell 1 byte for glyph 1 byte for color 1 byte for background color .
so i will load 256 color values to the ubo and 256 uv coordinates for glyphs to another ubo and pick their values according to instance_id ?
lol lets see idiot i know luffy is the one beating kaido but im sure zoro will be the one to finish him
if we get optimal crosspathing then yes if not then ys people are all saying bloons are weaker than lions but we never see any indication as to the damage a bloon can produce other than a life counter and maybe the breaking of caged engineers in bmc also lions cant fly nor would they be able to get to the water towers effectively hell one plane or heli could win if given unlimited time and assuming zero reproduction
i bet those tits would look amazing as you rode me
here to confirm that the porter square location is better .
i ordered anna 's delivery for a while and purely by accident kept switching which one i ordered from .
i eventually noticed that they were much better sometimes and those times were when i happened to order from porter .
but the porter bad days are better than the davis good days .
idk proximity to europe so i can escape down the eurostar ?
i 'm not proud to live in the uk mainly because of some of the people here and how absolutely pig-headed they can be and they end up being the stereotype .
but i am grateful like some other people in this comment section .
posting in r/realgirls is restricted to girls who are posting pics of themselves and have been verified .
verification is super easy and only takes a few minutes .
if you would like to join in on the fun you can read up on how to verify on this page https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/wiki/verification .
until you have verified successfully you will not be able to participate here so avoid the fomo and get it to us asap
if you have any questions just let us know .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/realgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
just like how newspapers ca n't stop writing about how newspapers are dying
on load max temps around 78-85 when set to performance mode in armoury crate
it will certainly put pressure on people to reconsider owning a vehicle .
street parking is space in a city that is subsidised by all citizens .
if you ca n't afford to park your vehicle in a parking garage or private place then you ca n't afford to own a vehicle .
i did n't mention the toxicology report in my post because i have 0 issue with that there would be cocaine in his system if they rp 'd out testing his blood it does n't bother me a single bit to use that as evidence .
people do that all the time to get evidence for court rp .
my issues are the pieces of evidence that are more the pd making up evidence they wish had been left .
rkt makes billions of dollars a year and was founded in 1985 .
clov should definitely not give a special dividend to stock holders they should continue course and use their money wisely .
all we have to do is sit on our shares it 's not hard
i never understood how it was concluded that this was them buying drugs though
what looks like sand is thousands and thousands of floating hailstones .
hail is nothing but frozen rain which pours down in the form of small pebbles of snow .
hail storms are common in hilly areas but a phenomenon like a flowing river of hail is rare .
however there is no information on its re-arrival or any news of such past incidents .
i 'm in this greentext and i fucking hate it as much as him but more since i 've been unemployed longer .
acing coding assessments having great interviews having some relevant experience list of projects referrals contacting recruiters it all amounts to jack shit apparently .
one professor of mine made a joke constantly where if you did n't like some part of his class or the major you could always switch to the nursing program '' and i wish i did or some other major .
i 've been daydreaming a little today and yesterday about picking physics or medicine and if i should pursue a second degree or continue with plan b go into the military and get a second degree .
couple of months until the board convenes for the programs i selected for ocs candidacy .
had like 10 secs to reverse or plough through it
i just want to say that i have mild autism myself and i feel similar things sometimes .
you are not alone and those feelings are exactly what brought me to this band and the community .
are you interested in what songs are most relatable in general or specific quotes ?
he 's the character that 's first to go within the first 5 minutes of a horror movie .
pretty easy to load some questions the other way if that 's the game .
i did jfk-slc-ogg and back as part of a mileage run a couple of months ago and paid 39k miles for it .
i kinda wish you could choose an appearance at least then you sort of have a unique character to you .
instead of having the same generic character as a bunch of other players
is this whole sub an elaborate joke that i 'm missing out on ?
or do y'all actually take these videos at face value ?
being in 3d space means you need 3 arrows not combinations of each other to span the whole space .
this should make sense because if they 're independent then you can give instructions about how to add them together tip to tail to get anywhere .
if time is a dimension then it 's indifferent to forward and backward the laws of physics normally work the same both ways .
nothing wrong with adding 75t to the sum above .
for that matter many things in math that are higher dimensions are n't visualized you just add more terms in the combination
i think what you mean about direction of time has kind of been retold for a layman by stephen hawking look up his name and arrow of time
well i ca n't argue with that but you have to be blind to not see what a mess modern software has become and although there are many other reasons dynamic typing still is one of the reasons .
you are forced to become a street kid and rise to the top .
i found this post r/cosplayporntube/comments/pcan13/leeloo in r/cosplayporntube with the same content as the current post .
liquid culture going to try cloning into agar after harvest .
there are still many places along the main drag guadalupe st where you can see bullet holes in buildings from that day .
i was waiting for it to go all blues brothers '' at the end .
i 'm currently in central luzon around the left side of the country the typhoon would devastate the right side .
typhoon may come and go but that wo n't be a problem for me .
it 's also far from the nearest active volcano .
in my country in austria we have rising covid numbers and a similar rate of vaccination as the us .
however our hospitals are doing fine and have a low number of beds that are used covid related at the moment .
no operations are being canceled because of covid for example .
why is it that the us is becoming so bad again ?
we have an anti vaccine party too luckily they are sitting below 20 and even they are split on the issue all other parties are super pro vaccine .
just wondering why the us is getting overwhelmed with covid again .
shot that tiny unarmed woman right in the head .
i thought her resignation as deputy speaker was for her to take up that role
dude i 'm surrounded by frats and shit and it 's been wild watching these kids lmfao .
proton and cosmic neutron are both more overstable plastics than regular neutron .
man ca n't even spell proper english and says that i 'm cringe .
agreed but i would recommend getting the extended warranty .
it 's fairly quick and easy to send it in to get repaired but everyone i know who has one has had a problem with the bumpers after a year or so
cleaned out his instagram of all everton related content and removed the banner photo someone had made him .
well apparently i do n't actually have insta but i 've seen a load of screenshots .
i could n't fine an artist but it came from a website called nozomi.la
one of the joys of getting older has been the reduction then cessation of ridiculousness from dudes .
not really looking at google 's numbers they have a 7 day average death rate of 242 prior to this the highest rate was back on 28 jan or a year ago 5 august with an average of 185 .
also note that they 're seeing a major spike in deaths and it does n't look like it 's peaked yet .
i ordered the quirrel one i did n't know it made noises noo
why do so many american racists love the swastika ?
hitler was not about white people he was about his pseudo arian people .
another farfetched possibility might be that shimotsuki kozaburo kuina 's grandpa belonged to the branch family or something while zoro might be directly related to the damiyo ushimaru and was his successor .
when kaido invaded wano zoro was either an infant or was n't born yet he or his mother escaped wano and given shelter by kozaburo .
he was given a different surname to 'protect ' him sort of like naruto ?
take off the sliding part add a washer under each screw so the two parts are n't lined up push the door closed to latch it .
if it 's under pressure the rattle should be gone .
calling biden radical left '' is a fox 'news ' reframing tactic please do n't fall for it .
buttigieg is only considered far left because he 's gay i do n't know a single person who could reference any of his policies .
would this be good for a team of four brothers who are green and are great at sneaking around hand to hand combat proficient with swords staff nunchucks and twin sai and have a rat as a sensei ?
imagine being so bad the game bans you before you become tempted to cheat to get better
no you can still play singleplayer offline just not multiplayer over lan with friends
afghanistan faces an economic collapse which could be used as a bargaining chip by the west msn.com https www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/afghanistan-faces-an-economic-collapse-which-could-be-used-as-a-bargaining-chip-by-the-west/ar-aankaqd
how afghanistan woes raise risk level even as global financial markets ignore the chaos marketwatch.com https www.marketwatch.com/story/how-afghanistan-woes-raise-risk-level-even-as-global-financial-markets-ignore-the-chaos-11629757374 ? mod=home-page
afghanistan 's economy is on the brink news.yahoo.com https news.yahoo.com/afghanistans-economy-brink-221127122.html
i 'm a bot to find news from different sources .
luckily they are changing things up with the new open-world action rpg pokemon game
even if she becomes a non shinobi she 's daughter to the holage and has royal blood in her .
she could end up having those two as bodyguards later .
my dad said i swear this is n't a joke the jews deserved to be gassed
i remember i used to play this on mobile a while back
i do n't feel like doing conversions because i 'm lazy so bear with my freedom units .
for example i am a student with two jobs although i only do the long distance job a weekend or two a month .
the distances to my jobs are 40 mi and 137 mi .
it 's pretty common for people to drive about 45 min to an hour away for work where i 'm from which is usually between 50-80 mi .
i did know this one crazy person who worked 200 mi away from their job that they drove to every day for years before they finally moved one city closer still like 120mi
this could have easily been an extreme cock and balls torture video and it 's not
just wondering were you the one who suggested the idea ?
vaccination brings freedom ' will be the slogan above the entrance .
supposedly it was the name of king mahendravarma pallavan 's sister .
second son was a ps4 launch title so i played the shit out of it .
no exclusive next-gen things to actually make it worthwhile .
unpopular opinion it 's not that he did n't want a move it 's that city is the first top tier team that came knocking .
ah yeah i bought enough for every room in the house there were 5 of us in there best bet is poundland and the like
when some one is giving me a hug and when i go to leave the hug they hug me tighter for a few more seconds .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ich_iel if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah but they do n't try to dodge it quite so enthusiastically when they think its just a water balloon
lool say what you want about dudes dick size least he got a baddie with a body suckin on it
or smoker and luffytaro try not to bring to blue units to a fight tho
wraith so you decided to take it this time i should n't have expected any different
honestly this would be amazing because punching or not reviving someone is not what i want to do to my teammate
i 'll see you in my next field report which is coming out in like 1 hour
i am starting to wonder that if it 's revealed that the us elections were fraudulent there could be a sudden change of leadership here and maybe trump would come back center stage .
could that be the fatal wound '' that was healed in revelation ?
my husband thinks this is n't how it will happen but i am extremely cautious .
trump is worshipped by many and i could see all nations giving him control .
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/2w9hz1ypzuj71.png created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
it 's hard to understand from the us and europe where vaccine supply has n't been an issue for months but we 're badly supply constrained .
our big orders did n't start arriving until july .
demand is high about 75 percent of eligible people are either vaccinated or currently booked and waiting .
been stuck for 40mn with kokoro in my cart unable to checkout sold out right before i could get anyone .
as the antibodies for sustaining vaccinated immunity seem to wane fast the rate of infection among vaccinated ultimately used as a reference for showing percentile efficacy of novel vaccines versus unvaccinated subjects depends on the time frame of when the vaccinated group got their 2nd dose .
recently injected subjects will show an efficace immune response upon infection while 6 months after 2nd dose a reset is to injected .
breakthrough infection in early vaccinated countries as israel and the uk clearly show this issue .
it takes 2 weeks from 2nd injection to acquire vaccinated immunity yet that immunity is already waning fast as from 6 weeks from 2nd injection .
beyond those 4 weeks people are actually not fully protected from infection/transmission/death consequentially not fully vaccinated .
instead of 6 months for reinjection of booster shots to get fully vaccination status people should renew their immunty every 6 weeks .
taking into account that it takes 2 weeks for vaccination to have effect those 6 weeks should be reduced by 2 weeks eventually indicating a time frame for reinjection of boosters every 4 weeks .
if vaccinated subjects are not following up with 4-weekly booster injections they will face a flawed immune response which poses a risk for all people as this flawed immunity provides a training environment where breakthrough infection has the virus challenged by a degraded immunity having viral replication naturally selected for viable evasion of that flawed immunity resulting in the emergence of vaccine immunity evading variants .
although this mechanism is prolonging the pandemic for everyone as flawed immunity has unequivocally become the motor of the pandemic the time frame of waning vaccinated immunity also poses a risk for ade with the vaccinated when their flawed immune response is challenged upon reinfection of a vaccine immunity evading variant .
post-infection immunity has been shown to be far superior to flawed vaccinated immunity .
we should thank people with post-infection immunity as they are the foundation of herd immunity .
yet vaccinated subjects should have booster injections every 4 weeks for not undermining that foundation while producing more mutations .
therefore a renewal of corona measures should be followed such as
 freedom for people that recovered from infection having a far superior immune response probably stored for life could be arranged by an immunity passport .
 revoking privilege passports for all vaccinated subjects when not reinjected with boosters every 4 weeks as waning vaccine immunity drives infection/transmission/death .
because this is not a nice perspective all vaccination should be based upon a freedom of choice .
 unvaccinated people that are willing to take the risk to play their part in reaching herd immunity must be allowed early medicinal treatment on demand whether that be ivermectin/zinc or hcq-protocols fluvoxamine budesonide ... medical monitoring and effective aid must be provided as from very early infection from testing positive instead of just sending people home to do nothing but quarantine having that infection fester upon the need of hospitalization which is just a policy driving hospital overflow lockdown and restrictive measures debilitating covid and death .
let 's arm the taliban and have them fight isis .
if there 's tex-mex as an actual thing and not just made up torchy 's is it .
i work for them i can put som insight into this .
if you do n't answer us and call us back later we are n't coming back .
we have so many other deliveries and a time crunch .
so no you wo n't get your package that day .
that 's on you for not answering when you know your package is coming that day
the reason it 's invalid address is because we ca n't find your house .
it might be the right address ' but houses can be difficult to find thus we need sight to where it is .
sometimes googles wrong or it does n't have a photo so we 're left confused .
example delivered to a house the other day could n't find it for shit .
the house number was almost the same shade as the house .
called the customer thankfully picked up and told me it was the house with giant fence wrapped around it entrance on the other road b .
i had a premmie in nicu and special care for about 6 weeks i had preeclampsia and he was born at 31 weeks .
throughout this whole ordeal all the nursing staff were amazing .
i absorbed so much knowledge and tips from them as i was always at the hospital .
i constantly thought about them and how their job must be so rewarding .
looking deeper into it i do n't think i can do this job knowing all the shit that goes down ...
babies that go home to drug affected parents babies that do n't make it .
ca n't imagine how hard it is for you guys especially right now in a pandemic environment .
i got one on the raid after still a waste of golden razzes
he 's the fucking president and he 's the one calling the shots .
you ca n't clean your hands out of responsability for your choices because shit started 20 years ago .
at some point you have to accept it 's your own fault for how things turned out .
i 'll be very surprised if biden politically survives this whole mess .
made this from a 2nd hand shop for bookweek ... ... my question..is there actually a mk book ?
they also go down as societies become more accepting people used to make a big deal about the suicide rates in the gay community as a reason people should n't choose to be gay ... turns out those rates dropped when openly hating gay people stopped being a respectable position .
why would a soldier know how to breakdance it 's not basic human logic like running is faster than walking '' or use arms to reach places you otherwise might not reach ''
and maybe not in halo but dusk added backflips and frontflips and nobody hated it lol
also you can use the site search to find any coupons you want .
does anyone have any info about ethn 179 with anthony curtis davis from what i read i think its the same thing as mus 127 since its the same prof and time for fall quarter such as like how the course is instructor the layout of the class anything to look out for favorite part etc. ?
i found maybe one old syllabus from 2019 but i 'd still love to hear any of yall 's memories or thoughts !
i need it for my pokedex and i 'm in lockdown pls invite me user name leos8
so ... how does an animal covered in sharp spines give birth to ... an animal covered in sharp spines ?
infact how do porcupines reproduce in general without stabbing eachother ?
so i know about crackact i use it all the time .
so much to the point where i 've done all the official practice tests .
i have my last act on september 11th and need some more practice material to just tie up loose ends .
i 'm not sure if the single passage crackact questions are reliable and good to use .
was anyone else super disappointed when scott 's dad left ?
they were doing a really good job of rebuilding trust and forming a relationship then he was just gone and is n't even mentioned again until season 6 !
i 've made multiple react projects for myself in the past and have always just used free methods of hosting but now i am talking with someone about doing freelance work and have to give them a quote on what the hosting would be per month .
so i 'm looking for where i should host a react website made for a small business .
hello all we are going to be in the big sur area for 3.5 days the week after thanksgiving .
there we will be driving to santa barbara for the rest of our trip .
starting to do some research and watch some videos on soberanes canyon trail to rocky ridge loop .
liked the idea of coming up through the canyon to the peak and having ocean views on the way down .
since rocky ridge is closed ... .. any suggestions for similar hikes in the area .
there is a wealth of information out there but as a first time visitor it is a overwhelming at times .
so we all know that the ultimate goal when you have uc is to achieve remission and stay there as long as possible .
generally this means no blood severe pain diarrhea etc .
but i 'm wondering what your symptoms are while in remission that you constantly have to live with .
mine include constant fatigue some days much worse than others and joint pain .
people seem to think remission means you feel 100 normal but we all know that is n't the case .
i am recommending everyone to a very trusted reliable and gifted hacker .
she is very affordable and charges way less contact p.cyber.hacker gmail.com mailto p.cyber.hacker gmail.com many services she can render includes social media hack snapchat whatsapp instagram facebook/messenger twitter viber tiktok etc .
gps location tracking recovering of lost bitcoin bitcoin account incoming calls restriction clearing of criminal records clearing of credit cards debt erasing of all kinds of sex tape leak ielts gre toefl sat gmat score increase intercepting and retrieving instant messages grade hacking credit score increase ussd control commands whatsapp spy viber spy facebook/messenger spy skype spy hacking into databases of all kinds calendar monitoring internet usage monitoring remotely accessing sms game hacking and cracking key logging remote email spying and more .
what made me had trust in her was her offer of total refund of any displeasing services but i did n't have to use that choice .
contact her at p.cyber.hacker gmail.com mailto p.cyber.hacker gmail.com or text 1 313-880-6906 whatsapp 1 313-512-5778
i 'm excited seeing these new dynamic hunting behaviors and wondering how the new animations would look my poor guests should 've never went to my park
beach day continuing the trend of 'the big day is finally here ' star realizes the stars hah are aligning beach day is finally here .
scrapping their plans to eat sugar and watch tv marco and star head for the beach for the best day of our lives '' .
sadly the universe seems to be conspiring against star .
traffic jams air pollution preventing cloudy from flying getting randomly lost in echo creek meanwhile marco had a mini-crisis about time paradoxes ...
they eventually do make it to the beach but star misplaced the instant camera and the beach day photo which was so important to her .
initially distraught marco reminds star that they can still have a fun day nonetheless .
indeed it turns into what one would think of as a beach day beach ball getting hit by waves making marco into a mermaid in the sand ...
suddenly a random woman approaches the couple '' which star denies and shows star a photo she took with her instant camera the beach day photo !
marco and star are both shocked beach day has been fulfilled .
she takes the dimensional scissors and goes alone to the plains of time .
we learn that father time had been the one to give star the beach day photo a long time ago .
father time clarifies that star gave herself the photo.. future star that is .
she gave herself the photo to give her sometime to look forward to .
star sadly notes that some days knowing i 'd be this happy was the only thing that kept me going . ''
father time offers to destroy the photo so as not to give star more grief .
however star comes to her senses and realizes that past star needs it just as she does .
she snaps a photo of the beach day photo on her compact mirror before returning the photo to father time .
star heads back to earth but not before father time mutters something about 'the hardest times still being ahead ' though star did n't catch that .
back on the beach in the evening with marco star talks aloud about how beach day ... was never real .
i was chasing some perfect ideal that did n't even exist ...
but now how am i supposed to know if everything will end up okay ? ''
marco states the realistic that we do n't know the future before reminding star that it was n't 'beach day ' that made star happy 'you ' made you happy .
star enchants a shopping cart to fly and she and marco ride it back home .
self-determination choice vs. destiny another one of my favorite themes in this story .
between this the blood moon and others i 'm glad star realized that she is in charge of her own destiny and her own happiness .
there was a lot of speculation about how 'beach day ' would play out .
when we learned it had yet to happen as of the season 4 opener that got everyone excited for when this day would finally arrive .
though it ended up being more of a learning trip rather than a straight-up fun one star did still get her day and there 'll be a chance for more perfect days in the future .
gone baby gone marco as eclipsa 's favorite babysitter '' his words is babysitting meteora and mariposa .
suddenly flame goddess hekapoo turns up and informs marco that things are about to get real something bad may or may not happen on mewni soon .
marco goes to talk with star and casually enters the bathroom where she was brushing her teeth without knocking .
star has n't heard anything about something happening on mewni but she gets distracted when she remembers she was going to send eclipsa a picture of the babies .
she and marco go to the babies ' room to find that hekapoo left her portal open and the babies are missing .
realizing how serious this is even though it 's only been a minute or so they depart immediately .
in hekapoo 's dimension hot marco '' star 's words summons brunzetta .
brunzetta gives marco and star a lead and they depart .
marco laments his lack of responsibility though to be fair part of that is on hekapoo as they fly on cloudy .
it turns out to be mariposa and meteora in disguise and they 've aged to teenagers .
meteora is surprised when star reveals she has magic too .
apologizing for the misunderstanding mari and meteora who dubbed themselves bork and grobb invite star and marco into their cave .
meteora reveals a clan of witches taught meteora to use her powers .
they offer marco and star food '' who politely in star 's case accept .
turns out the spider soup was dosed and star and marco fall unconscious .
mari and meteora carry star and marco up the mountain where they planned to trade star and her magic to a magic-eating demon in exchange for giving mariposa magic .
marco wakes up and starts to reason with mariposa .
mari gets annoyed when marco keeps insisting he 's her brother since he apparently abandoned them .
nonetheless mari realizes the mistake she 's about to make and reneges on the deal .
meteora 's spells are useless since he just eats '' them .
mariposa and marco take over and manage to incapacitate wyscan by feeding him some leftover garlic spiders .
wyscan retreats leaving the group to pick up themselves .
mariposa is still unconvinced that marco is her brother but he notices the necklace from the bedtime story he was telling them just a few minutes many years ago .
star and marco offer to take meteora and mariposa home .
despite the rough life they have each other and want to stay .
star and marco sweeten the deal by offering food and the opportunity to grow up again which marco and star promise to uphold .
they all return home where star and marco put the once again infants back to sleep .
meteora still has yet to truly experience the childhood she never had .
hopefully 3rd time 's the charm on this one .
also an ominous episode with hekapoo 's warning.. what ever could she have meant about bad things happening on mewni especially since things just seemed to be calming down ?
in probably the heaviest set of episodes in terms of plot the middle part of season 4 finishes a lot of things that have been in motion for a long time .
star 's duty is a princess is done she can finally be the normal girl she 's wanted to be for a while now .
all the while plenty of emotional moments both good and bad .
marco tom and star are all set to move forward with their lives what 's next is up to them .
something feels unfinished though like there 's one more thing to take care of ...
really good site if you are looking for coupon codes .
you can find most stores deals coupons deals on there .
i guess i should update on here since it has been a while .
i managed to scrap up for my deposit from a job i only lasted a few days in and from selling my items .
i used my bank to send the check to the apartment residence however it got lost by them so i fortunately was refunded .
i 've found a new job and it 's the longest job i 've stayed at .
i 've been doing overtime and have made close to six months for rent so far .
i 'll be 26 next month and i really do n't want to still live in the rest of my twenties .
my mom wants me to get paid more hourly but it 's literally the most i 've been paid at any job i 've had .
i recently took the bus this week to get some envelopes so i could mail my deposit .
i looked at the apartment on zillow today and while it may look basic to some it actually look a awesome to me .
i 'm excited to know it has a built in washer and dryer as well as a microwave and a nice bathroom .
at home everything is falling apart and nobody wants to take action .
there 's holes in the ceiling in my room and downstairs .
i covered the holes in my room with usps box and there 's a large plastic bag covering the other one.one time a roach fell out from the hole downstairs near the dining area so everyone just eats in the middle area where the tv is .
i usually just eat in my room since being around my family irritates me .
today i went to turn the kitchen sink on and the handle fell off lol .
the dryer downstairs is ancient and it makes a loud whirring noise when in use .
the toilet only flushes when you twist the knob in the back or use the plunger .
you can wait too long after you twist it to flush or you 'll be flooded .
there is no mirror where the sink is and instead of a shower knob there is a wrench because the knob fell off years ago .
you also have to shower a certain way or the water will go downstairs lol .
my parents are going on vacation in a few days i really ca n't wait .
i plan on just watching the sopranos and eating what i want after work .
it seems like the the customization is going to be really deep and the few seconds of gameplay they showed throughout looked pretty good for a pre-alpha .
i noticed the player could do a roll so looks like we might have more mobility .
a thing i would like/hope to see is them adding a way for you to have different fighting styles like in saints row 2 .
my doubt for this game is slowly subsiding a bit .
my guides have often sent me messages via numbers and while i get the general significance of the number 11 i 'd appreciate some insight about this particular situation ... .
for probably a month now ive been seeing something i usually do n't the minute number on the clock being 11 .
this usually does n't occur but it 's been happening daily multiple times a day never at the same times of day not the same hour each day or any repetition of order or number but is rather random .
i feel there 's something more i 'm not seeing ... metaphors or meanings wrapped in this particular message and medium of communication .
anyways thank you so much i appreciate all of you and look forward any insight or feedback from y'all ! 
as we all know envy found themselves in group b with kr vivo keyd and zeta division .
pretty much everyone 's decided envy are gon na have a cakewalk to quarterfinals and the most likely scenario is that they will but i wanted to look into the 1 latin america seed/team 1 brazil seed and 1 japan seed a bit more to see if i could bring a bit of hype !
kr added keznit top 5 acs south american player who plays jett to their main roster right after iceland .
keznit has been absolutely insane as expected and with kr again crushing it in their region i 'm hoping they show more life with international competition this time around .
vivo keyd had a hell of a run after dropping to loser 's bracket round 1 ran through five brazil teams including vikings sharks and gamelanders blue to take 1 seed beat 2 seed 3-0 .
they also have a nutty jett player of their own with heat who is top 3 in acs in south america .
i 'm honestly really hoping we see an intense match-up between heat and yay we 'll have to wait and see tho .
zeta division had a lower 's run of their own steamrolling through 3 teams and narrowly beating crazy raccoons in grand finals with a 3-2 map count .
three of the players on the team were able to finish top 5 acs at japan playoffs although something else to point out is crow zeta 's sage/breach player was among the worst performers at playoffs .
nonetheless we 'll see how the team as a whole perform and if they can bring more fire to the international stage than cr did .
thank you for reading deep down i hope all of the international match-ups end up being exciting and that we all get to witness some top tier valorant in just 2 weeks
i 'm 34 self taught bedroom guitarrist and got ta say that i 'm not an advance player intermediate maybe ?
i still can not nail a fairly complex solo something from metallica could be an example .
but i can play some good songs that might not be considered beginner ones judith a perfect circle .
it is my dream to be part of a band at least a covers band .
i 've recently started to look for other band members and honestly i do n't know if this is even going to lift up .
am i ready to be part of a band ?
i have n't been up on any stage yet and i already have that stage panic .
it would be appropriate to say i hate being a kanye fan it 's awesome
why do they all live in 800sf houses in the suburbs or apartments ? ! ? ! ? !
i also get the feeling of production was n't buying all the food and paying for the vacations these narcissists would drive to las vegas and stay in the cheap hotels for vacation .
i 've never posted but i have to say this .
i feel like kyle is trying to get a meme this season .
her shock faces are over the top and different every time .
hello everyone i woke up today and my back kitchen is flooded with water and i 'm struggling to find the cause of this .
checked under the sink the ceiling inside kitchen cabinets but nothing is indicating that it came from these areas .
the water puddle is sort of in the middle ? ?
important note to add i live in a condo and on the eighth floor .
i would have uploaded a video i took this morning but reddit do n't have this feature .
just wondering if i can get any sort of storage in this luggable .
i 'd like to get a hard drive or hard drive equivalent in it .
so i 'm loved lis 1 it was a solid game .
i was really hoping for a sequel because there were alot of unanswered questions in lis 1 but oh well when they announced lis 2 i was disappointed but also hyped about it but dam that game failed me .
the story of lis 2 is just appalling literally the whole game is they find a place they settle in cop arrives out of nowhere or something bad happen they runaway '' this fuckin shit is repeated 7 time and then the game end it story is just so bad compare to lis 1 the story was a rollercoaster which was played so prefectly it unbelievable but this is just boring and simple
all the other things about the game are decent but the story is just ... .. i wished instead of making this they would 've made a sequal cuz even if it was bad .people would still liked it cuz of max and chole how much people liked these characters
anyway the game had potential but failed that what i think anyway
this is your place to post screenshots and update the community about your game .
sss provides a space to talk about smaller updates in a devlog-like fashion along with any media to show things off .
if you 've gotten feedback from the community before it 'd be particularly great to hear about how you 've been utilizing it .
but this is n't your grandma 's regular plain-jane screenshot thread !
all critiques in this thread should be the most savage you can muster as far as harshness and critique is concerned .
you 're not just aiming to roast you 're aiming to fry .
so a scam artist and a naive grandma got together .
discovery plusing it right now and noticed the things that were being said after sumit scammed her twice .
that little chipped tooth smile in his face made me want to give him a right hook .
his whole mission was to weasel out of that marriage and the debt is on his parents .
when he was free and had a clean highway to marry jenny he asked to bring his parents in for drama and knew their answer .
its been more than 12 days since they received my a-level transcripts the page updated says letters and documents received in the join id portal .
i do n't know what to do for confirmation of admission as classes start on the 8th i have paid the full fee when will they confirm ?
so just aimlessly browsing the internet still thinking about the recent vice article regarding the sale of netflow data which for anyone who does know basically brings tor projects achilles heel network timing correlation attack capabilities to commercial market ... . because they can map global network flows they can correlate ingress and egress activity to de-anonymize a target through multiple hops .
well interestingly the name of the company providing this service is team cymru .
the same rob thomas who also happens to sit on the board of directors for the tor project .
people here and on twitter but that place was always weird forget that many of us have waited 10 years for a main line sequel and 3 years for something scream related .
while we 're happy we 're getting the sequel we can also criticize both paramount and radio silence for the way they 're handling the release .
lots of false promises and no not speculations those were their words about some footage before summer then it was something huge coming on wes ' birthday mostly prompted by hellosidney 's vague tweets but i trust them they 're nice and i know they do n't know anything about paramount 's marketing schedule or whatsover and then them completely skipping cinemacon aka the biggest film event of the year .
what we got are crumbs not even that yet people are riding for rs so hard almost like they 're their family .
mind you i do n't dislike those guys that much but i have my doubts about them which is completely normal because i genuinely do n't know how the movie will look like .
we have right to be upset and please do n't try to guilt trip us for feeling certain ways just because you think it 's too early to give away something .
mission impossible 's millionth sequel got its trailer not online but it was shown on cc despite the movie coming out full four months after scream 5 release .
what was their excuse for not releasing some promo photos ?
covid ca n't be an excuse anymore for not taking good care about yourself and the others .
always nice to find a script where i get to play my subby side .
does anyone know why soul crystals have an item lvl of 30 aside from that just being the level you get them ?
i know they do n't affect your overall item level but why do they even have a level at all ?
i really think after all these expansions they would have done something with them .
like ways to upgrade them or add some flair to the slot .
it just seems kind of wasted to me but hey that 's just like my opinion ... .
i was having some sort of pain in the lower right side the last three days .
this evening i got pain when using the bathroom it seemed to be initiated by muscles shifting .
i 've had this in the past i used to have pcos that was improperly diagnosed which turned out to be issues with my thyroid levels .
but this time there was severe pressure with it and almost a cramping feeling in the pelvic floor region .
i finally found a sitting position that let me get some relief .
i took some beano thinking maybe it was gas ?
does anybody know of good body kits that will fit a 2001 es300 ?
i just bought one recently and i kinda want to change the bumper and wide body it but i ca n't find anything that 'll work
i was spraying some bugs inside my house with some raid and during that some spray may have fallen into my open water bottle .
i realized this after my water bottle tasted a bit funny .
i washed my mouth with water and mouth wash. will i be ok ?
yes my do n't wrote about my last relapsed report but it was awfully .
now i 'm free and will be staying free .
i was watching this https youtu.be/x6btmjsruee and it 's like realizing what i 've been missing in my life this whole time
because i 'm thinking about getting witherhoard from the monument to lost lights but i want to find out how comparable it is to anarchy .
i ca n't get anarchy because i have no one to farm spoils with
i just had this thought if dragon ball z had it 's battles replaced with duels what kinds of decks would each character use
like say goku and piccolo tag dueling radditz yamcha and the crew vs the saibaman and nappa and vegeta killing and the crew vs dodoria and zarbon and the ginyu force etc .
i 'm curious on what y'all think for each major fight from the first battle with radditz to the final fight with pure buu
today men 's grooming is not just about haircuts and beard trims bar has risen for men 's salon .
from regular styling for beards to skincare manicures facials men 's salon offers a range of treatment and therapies .
so whether you want to upgrade your grooming or just want best treatment we have got best salon fit your style and things you need to looks before selecting salon for showing up in party .
bonus if in the north east of england but not important
i know it 's not a lot to go off but there was this woman on the hub that i have n't seen a video of in ages .
her skin was basically white and had a lot of first time '' videos
my desire would be one big book that has all known species that can be pulled out when you find an unknown spider .
birds legs feet ... .. its in public you can photograph it .
ive been a part of this sub for a long time frig u
i 've googled it before and the wording confused me u frig
for the upcoming week should i use the sanity potions on od-8 or save for the upcoming rerun events ?
i already cleared out the shop and sitting at 80 manganese yes i know that 's gon na be gone in a blink of an eye but whatever while the rest of my sanity goes to od-8 so i wan na kinda save up my pots for the next event .
please read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/9udzvt/announcement_new_rules_guidelines_and_flair_system before commenting and understand that your comments will be removed if they are not up to standard or otherwise break the rules .
while we do not require citations in answers but do encourage them answers need to be reasonably substantive and well-researched accurately portray the state of the research and come only from those with relevant knowledge .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askphilosophy if you have any questions or concerns .
titles need to include your gender and your age in this format such as 'm30 ' 'f30 ' 'nb30 ' 'm30 ' 'f30 ' 'nb30 ' '30m ' '30f ' '30nb ' '30m ' '30f ' '30nb ' .
please make a new post with the title similar to the examples .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amihot if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's a good thing i always check the covid requirements and make sure they 're appropriate before i do anything risky
i used to think this is true but there are just a lot of ass holes out there .
and by pinging i meant going to cmd and typing
except he 's still consuming the product by playing lmfao .
i 'm not a bad person but i 'm not that good either .
i honestly do n't know what would make a person good '' and of course no one is the villain in their own eyes .
i had a rough childhood so i grew up very introverted and uninterested in others .
i have zero interest in others so i usually do n't go out of my way to help anyone but then again i also do n't go out of my way to hurt anyone or bully anyone .
i 'm usually polite to others and help them if they ask but on the other hand i 'm selfish and i will always put my life/my own wellbeing first and foremost .
so i guess i 'm not that good but not that bad either .
that 's kind of what 's happening to me !
i think i started with an actual bite but now i have like a weird cluster of them around that .
itchy bumps that turn into blisters that turn into something completely different and gross .
based on another post here i 'm trying to get a referral to an immunologist to see if that might help .
mad look way better than t1 and edg are at the very least a tier below fpx .
i appreciate the humour even if no one else does .
whether you 're right or wrong you get my upvote .
but hopefully this should also make for some interesting discussion .
what level do you get to ride the cloud ?
if you 're interested he did a good documentary with bbc three where he spoke to influencers to understand whether it was a life he wanted .
facts ... .if one does n't think that 's at least a 9.5 they need to get their pulse checked .
if you know what that is you have a good childhood .
rahane has been lucky so far because his poor performance goes unnoticed due to the poor performances by virat and pujara before this match .
on the bright side arsenal scored 6 goals in their first 4 matches
i remember he scored penalties against liverpool and tottenham towards the end of the season .
sexual energy is powerful and men lose it every time they cum
sex is always an energy loss to men and some hardcore men even train their dicks to not cum during sex to preserve it
if you are referring to the 190 2092 dw2 https www.lowes.com/pd/dewalt-jobsite-true-wireless-ear-buds-with-charging-case/5002189029 headphones i do n't believe they have been released yet .
like all the chargers and headphones they are made by e-filliate using the dewalt style guide and with the dewalt brand attached .
btw there is also slated to be a 190 2095 dw2 headphones coming which looks the same .
maybe the 2092 will be for lowes and the 2095 for hd ?
my missus and i were out having a lovely breakfast in a cafe enjoying the sun .
around 12 i asked could we head back arsenal match is at half 12 .
why am i sacrificing time with people i love to watch this absolute fucking shit ?
your husband is the big a for not standing up for you .
he 'd literally rather have them hate you than handle this like an adult let alone a loving respectful spouse .
your in-laws are not the assholes here at all except for whoever brought this up to begin with as that should have been done in private .
i 'll say it again your in laws are not the problem your husband is .
the fact that we lost the last game after a position of strength did n't seem to play on the mind of the players at all .
i feel like you 're in as much of a minefield with gay woman '' as lesbian .
there must be lesbians who do n't appreciate being called gay .
i actually think we can maaaybee get something out of this game based on first 6-7mins .
runaway but it is a world changing 5 hour extended version
i 've been going through a few years bout with depression and even longer with anxiety where it 's more than hard to do anything to do with taking care of myself .
but sometimes i just tell myself that i 'll do a little bit today .
just a little bit helps and makes a difference in how i feel afterwards .
the outsole/pods are looking very worn for 170 miles .
we have just introduced a new way of checking users on blacklist .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fallout76marketplace if you have any questions or concerns .
if you where to mount it i 'd think you should use mnt .
arsenal fans do you seriously believe arteta has the the ability to turn this around ?
i would rather put a campfire out with my face
i mean this in the nicest way possible get over yourself .
what the hell does her ex 's dick have to do with you ? ? ?
she said your dick is the perfect size what more do you want ? ?
pls do some self reflection/journaling or something bc this sounds like a personal insecurity issue that you need to work out on your own or with a therapist
anything available to help me climb out of credit card debt hell ?
i make good money i just have to get out of these obscene interest rates
please note that repeated violations of this rule may result in a ban .
just do n't be a dick how hard is that ?
send us a message here https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes do n't reply to this comment .
imagine the opportunity cost of investigating this debating what to do writing up this sign printing it hanging it up then taking the time to illegally alter payroll .
way more profit lost by worrying about this than cost of electricity to charge phones .
yeah they should have used something more common to the average person like cars or football fields .
trump and mcconnel would not be be reasonable in either political party
shifting it so it can be on tv has almost no benefit whatsoever .
might be unrelated but those kind of name are nice
jack gigas are well equipped to cover their weak stepping trough their keepout .
the bears can step a bit better but what they truly have going for them is how hard it is to connect with a low attack against them they ca n't really be compared as if they 're the same archetype as jack gigas .
v bears just fold to matchup knowledge the combos and subsequent oki you can get in on them are honestly unfair .
eh i am getting rares for a week or two already
jumps in like an idiot with both feet and studs out .
see that 's where your not understanding correctly the teachers are n't the ones doing this it 's the administration .
i 'm not sure there 's much you can do other than maybe use the ear plugs and get an apple watch for the vibration alarm thing .
if you feel like you must complain do n't text it .
corona will eventually become a seasonal thing and get weaker over time but at some point it 'll go back to epidemic and even that name will be removed
i was n't in dc as political demonstrations are n't really my thing that being said ...
this will definitely be used to shutdown more speech .
this is not something you should brush off with a comment like you just posted .
government always seeks to crush dissent and control the conversation when it 's in it 's death throes .
thank you for being such a good tenant and as a reward for your on time payment we have increased your rent by 140 !
the club shot themselves in the foot with his wages .
since that new contract rumoured to be 120k a week he would have earned nearly 9m and he 's probably played less than 15 games since then .
look through this list of players we have brought in so many hits very few misses and a few debateable ones .
klopp edwards and all the scouts analysts etc have done a great job .
ox and keita have struggled with form and injury so are perhaps the standout poor '' buys .
past that and you are grasping at straws for a bad move .
this is what frustrates me the most with the lack of transfer spending we have one of the best scouting and recruitment teams in world football and fsg wont let them spend any money .
i refuse to believe klopp and the coaches are happy with our attacking depth and the scouting team dont have a list for them with a dozen options .
especially not when there have been reports that some of our best signings were not even first choice .
with how well our recruitment has been i can well believe there is a big list of quality players always being updated .
i think if any of our rivals had our scout team their owners would invest a lot more in them and back it 100 .
squad depth would not be an issue and they would be buying a lot more grujics van den bergs and ben davies to develop and sell on for profit .
we are meant to be sell to buy but we are stagnating a bit with buying younger players to do that .
no you could chose to stay in classic for free
40 km is at most half way to space in any definition .
you can say edge of space '' or better just stratosphere but saying it 's space is completly wrong .
to get better quality posts in vegasr4r we remove posts with short or no post text .
long titles are n't enough you must have a descriptive post in the post body itself .
posts that put effort in to describe who they are what they 're into and what they 're looking for do way better than short posts that do n't stand out .
we 're not asking for a novel just a few sentences to give a better idea of why you stand out from the all the other posts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/vegasr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
but i 'd rather have tap water in my refillable jug .
imam nahrbtnik rush od firme 5.11 odlino se obnese in za vodo ipd lahko nabavi stranski dodatek .
po letih vsakodnevne rabe na kolesu v vseh monih razmerah je e vedno kot nov
i 've been playing since the sega genesis days of nhl94 ... i miss the simple 'circle ' button for 'speed burst ' body check .
i wish nhl21 had a better customizable button mapping option in the 'controller setup ' .
8,166 1,863 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/p8y08k/shots_fired_kanye_texting_shots_at_drake_on 91 shots fired 93 kanye texting shots at drake on instagram.
5,825 933 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/pbd10d/kanye_is_selling_a_donda_player_in_advance_of_his kanye is selling a donda player in advance of his album allowing users to customize songs and mixing .
donda preloaded terms and conditions dated june 22 https www.stemplayer.com
4,876 308 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/pa2zep/rapper_young_thug_to_build_his_own_city_on_100 rapper young thug to build his own city on 100 acres of land in metro atlanta https www.wsbtv.com/news/local/atlanta/rapper-young-thug-build-his-own-city-100-acres-land-metro-atlanta/k4vvxzfsgjgbpil4bgqpvx62ri
4,693 431 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/pakvfi/an_exgirlfriend_of_r_kelly_testified_that_she_was an ex-girlfriend of r. kelly testified that she was forced to perform degrading acts while being filmed including one where she had to smear feces on her face and put it in her mouth .
after recording the video kelly told her she was n't into it enough '' and that she would have to redo it .
4,303 601 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/pcmz7p/sportscenter_cuts_to_a_message_announcing_drakes sportscenter cuts to a message announcing drake 's certified lover boy is arriving september 3rd https v.redd.it/6u6q92mtfwj71
yeahhhh i knew he was n't just going to let me go so i kept trying to die as fast as possible .
post titles must include a location hashtag http www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/wiki/public/tagging/locations countries lt 30,000km^2 states/regions/etc lt 50,000km^2 cities/landmarks lt 100km from you no place more than 250km wide/long '' and a valid 4tag http www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/wiki/public/tagging/v2 some examples are m4f f4m mf4f tf4m m4a etc . ''
or a meta tag if you wish to begin a discussion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
we have one here in birmingham called school of code https www.schoolofcode.co.uk maybe there is something similar in edinburgh ?
this one is free and i 'd be surprised if they are the only one working to that funding model .
covid after the vax sure but the likelihood is significantly reduced after vaccination and so are the symptoms of u catch it .
less likely to transmit it less likely to catch it less likely to suffer serious health problems if you do .
it ai n't perfect but it beats the we tried nothing and it ai n't working approach
i do n't really win giveaways like these but it 's worth a shot i guess .
suddenly the skies clear and blue seconds before darken .
a southerly wind begins to blow the scent of roses fills the batsman 's nose .
someone was standing in front of the sight screen .
would unironically love a drk built around building and maintaining stacks of scourge .
although now that i say that out loud it sounds almost identical to unholy dk from wow .
... which is actually a really fun spec so i would n't be mad if we got a clone of it in xiv
she moved to hollywood to get a role in cats .
that fell through so she picked up a waitressing job at a cat cafe but it closed because of covid .
she started hanging with some rough cats and got hooked on catnip eventually selling her body on the streets for anyone looking for some cheap pussy .
one day she coughed up some blood in her fur ball and decided she did n't want to spend her lives like this and it was time to clean up her act and become a tidy cat .
if it aligns to the protractor the protractor is good to use .
it may not match the alignment that rega had in mind but that is not an issue .
2-point protractors can be used on any turntable as long as the slots in the headshell are long enough to allow aligning .
arc protractors will have to be created for a specific pivot to spindle distance so they are turntable specific .
https alignmentprotractor.com https alignmentprotractor.com has a generator that will allow you to create an arc protractor for your turntable quite easily .
idk we do n't have much that 's specific to here .
mine was from the song ger money '' the pope rap
get their app too first free coffee in either their brighton or lewes stores if i remember correctly !
i love him to death he is extremely helpful when i ask and i am grateful for it but you are right .
past few days i have been the one getting up with baby even though he said he would i handle all of her care outside of diaper changes and bottle feedings because he is so reluctant to take action anywhere else even if i 've shown him how/when to do it already .
im back at work sleep deprived and just want to feel confident that he can handle taking care of her the one day a week he is off work while i 'm at work .
for me to explicitly tell him something that needs done involving her just to come home and not have it done then get somehow blamed for it hurt .
i 've heard of the mental load but never knew what it meant or was .
thank you it gives a new perspective to the situation at hand
unfortunately your post has been removed because your account is too new and/or you have low karma .
large subs have to have filters to protect against spam and ban evasion .
please participate in smaller subs until you have built up some more karma and then try again soon .
to learn more about reddit karma click here https www.reddithelp.com/en/categories/reddit-101/reddit-basics/what-karma .
we do not give out the amount of karma necessary to post here so please do not ask us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/crappydesign if you have any questions or concerns .
186 cm and it is 6 feet 1.228 inches google says
what i love about this game is ubisoft actually cared to make a great game .
they put so much work in those level designs in ac2 .
i have not seen a newer ac even come close to the level design that you see in those tombs in ac2 .
while i wanted to agree with this post express how i felt about this portion of ac2 i knew that this post was going to take a shot at the newer games .
while it 's all too common to see a daily unity is underrated '' or just an overt trashing of the modern games this is a more subtle trend that i 've noticed .
a glowing post glorifying an older games only to open it inevitably see ... and this is why the new games suck '' .
the insinuation that the developers don't care to make a great game with origins odyssey or valhalla is just ludicrous .
but comparing the entirety of these games to a few puzzle levels in 1 game make these kinds of opinions '' easy to dismiss .
please use a tw trigger warning when saying the word anxious it makes me .. anxious.. thanks
i eventually even forgot that there was another person was even there and enjoyed as much as i could lol .
seems like you put a lot of effort in and it was worth it !
well the outcome was a destroyed tipi and first nations people being billy clubbed one of them put into a siesure .
tax dollars are about to be collected through a lawsuit .
it 's even worse when you try and see a psychologist and it seems to make things even worse
your vault will be full of sunset gear except exotics and you will start at power level 100 .
but other than that sunsetting is a non-issue you ca n't earn sunset weapons in game apart for some very specific limited situations and the forsaken and shadowkeep weapons that are currently available have all been updated .
by owning everything you will have a huge number of options for getting an absolute ton of new weapons and armour legendary and exotic from the previous seasons and the dlcs .
so it is n't about cosmetics by any means each season has a 'seasonal activity ' that is basically a method for farming that seasons 's weapons and an exotic quest except last season for some reason .
i dunno how long seasons are but seems like you got there pretty fast
are we just saying words now i have no idea what you 're on about ?
i 'm pretty sure at least it 's been some time since i had a stock tank .
but hey there 's hope so i 'd recommend trying it
how do you go about comparing means if one group is normally distributed but the other is n't ?
they 're killed by auto accidents sixty percent of the time one hundred percent of the time .
so instead of doing our civic duty to vote people into power that could help us we leave virtually our entire lives behind and give up ?
you could do your duty to the nation and do it right
or you could abandon everything and run away personally i do n't see any shame in quitting when something is impossible
but why whine and moan about it ... why bitch about a problem and do nothing to solve it ?
get a job educate yourself and improve your station in life
thinking that everyone can work hard enough to outpace falling wages and rising costs of living because you could congrats btw here 's a shiny sticker is either ignorantly naive or deliberately disingenuous .
our government owes us its best effort to bring about change that will grant us opportunity to improve our lives .
that 's the duty it has sworn and the duty we pay for with our taxes .
your drivel that people are lazy complainers and benefits are too generous to incentivise work is utterly baseless and must originate from such a lack of basic understanding and empathy that it makes me question whether you ever actually did find yourself in similar circumstances honestly .
i wo n't be addressing your lazy argument further .
the episode brudgom '' in brooklyn nine nine also circled around denmark in a good way tho
dont do it i have a mira-m and it disconnects every 5 seconds .
there are way better mouse as the pulsefire haste or roccat burst pro for the same price
and to get it at 10 unexpected and unwanted it just sucks more .
then give her the option to do whatever thing she wants .
she wants to lie on the couch and watch an endless series with a pile of snacks ?
she wants to go punch a bunch of shit and ride go carts ?
she wants to be in her room and be alone for a while ?
finding an older female who might be able to communicate and sympathize could be helpful if possible .
otherwise this is a give space and see kind of situation .
get her the things she needs let her know she is heard and you are there .
i think the acknowledgement of her autonomy is a big deal enough and might help her to take some power from this inevitable development even if it is earlier than she would have liked .
also keep an open ear for signs this has awakened a bit of gender fluidity .
i think we all should be more attuned to the fact that our kids are who they are and it might not be who we think they are .
there was one on a buddy 's pack and he did n't notice cause the damn thing was using him as shade and a perch .
edit should have offered it ice tea and asked for a turn .
feel free to stream yourself doing a dj set or creating dj tunes !
please remember to observe our rules https www.reddit.com/r/redditsets/about/rules before commenting .
if you want to help out our wonderful team please apply at https apply.rpan.co.uk
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redditsets if you have any questions or concerns .
my rehearsal dinner is tacos and beer and i spend a lot of time thinking about how it should have been that for my wedding
hello your comment was removed because you do not meet the minimum account age or do not have the required karma .
this measure was put in place to reduce troll and spam comments and for the benefit of the subreddit community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unpopularkpopopinions if you have any questions or concerns .
do people just not understand '' your bf a lot ?
has he ever explain his tragic backstory while staring into middle distance ?
lol i just like memeing on the edgy bois .
all you have to do is use the google if you do n't know something .
look up randy 's while you 're at it .
yungin 's should know about the google and how to use it .
they should know about jb and randy too and how to use them .
with that one it would be more like vomiting and shitting yourself though death would be possible if you eat enough or are sufficiently dehydrated .
i 'm not sure about on console but the entire franchise tends to go half off every month or two on steam .
the better you are the more you realize you 're mediocre and become more humble .
sorry i caught up too late and it 's here i can do nothing !
yo i have mory hard done.. how much free pray xp per day is that ?
lowering taxes '' you are aware that is only for rich people right ?
republicans who lower taxes are n't benefiting you they are benefiting their wealthy selves .
i am if you are anywhere near northern california .
i want to see options for couples vs. looking for oneself and for monogamous vs. nonmonogamous .
i am poly but i do n't want a couple i want an individual .
i like how okc does the filters the best .
you can sort by gender orientation monogamy vs not marital status etc .
you can also leave it blank to see anyone .
can you see if they 've responded to others on query tracker ?
publishing notoriously shuts down in the summer plus many people are actually traveling/taking vacations for the first time in a long time .
wait until post-labor day but also be thoughtful to who you queried if they do n't normally respond/are long responders they are n't helpful to gauge your query quality .
a lot of christian and particularly progressive christians do n't follow most of the old testament rules though because of the whole jesus and the new testament over-riding it .
surprisingly catholics kinda do that but they truely are the worst christians in terms of cherry-picking from my experience
therapy to work through your fears and past experiences .
followed by finding an online community that is specifically for people who are interested in this type of witchcraft so you can make friends with like minded people and potentially find a partner .
he has an absolutely awful hard hit and barrel percentage .
if it was n't for the fact that people are fucking idiots i 'd never get laid .
shriek and howl that we did n't kill a whole bunch of people the majority of which would be civilians who had nothing to do with the attack as a massive show of force .
congrats and we 'll done from a fellow sober dude !
zed may have a high ceiling but it def does not req a higher entry skill level than akali imo .
it 's super safe to just sit back weq .
and if you do n't win late pre 6 .
u can take 80 off some 1 on equal lvl just by pressing out and face rolling your keyboard .
when you are teleported right behind them and invis .
there is no way u can miss ur combo .
if they picked a brusier to counter u. u just go bot lane .
u do n't even need to land a full combo .
on akaili u have to land ur full ult e e a q. n some times u wo n't even get it .
for my wife and i it was the fact he was kind of typecast .
she still til this day refers to him as rafe pearl harbour and my fave role was armageddon
pcos and/or insulin resistance would mean losing weight from switching from carbs to protein
try desktop mode in browser settings for paramount to work on mobile !
interesting i 've been doing some reading about rod bearing failure on the n55 i 'm at 65k miles rightnow i may end up doing them at 75,000 miles just for preventative maintenance .
i do n't think adolin is going to die before the back half .
too interesting both as a regular guy in a world of super powers and with the likelihood that dalinar wo n't be around to cast a shadow on him .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically github https github.com/auddmusic/redditbot new issue https github.com/auddmusic/redditbot/issues/new donate https www.reddit.com/r/audd/comments/nua48w/please_consider_donating_and_making_the_bot_happy please consider supporting me on patreon .
most the people reading your comment are working hand to mouth at or below minimum wage .
i mean smith needs to gtfo of the the closer role but we certainly should n't dfa him .
if it 's a dumb post then maybe it should n't be trusted .
my mother read a dumb post where there is antifreeze from cars in the covid vaccine .
if your view of the dumb post turns out to be correct do n't hand me an etch-a-sketch with an elaborate drawing when i 'm older !
i 've been on this sub for years and never seen it .
if we all quit saying tree fiddy on reddit posts things will get better in the world .
i 'm telling you it 's the tree fiddy .
earlier today i did in fact stop my grinnin ' and drop my linen .
 perhaps i do n't either but i believe the same courtesy should be extended unilaterally
i thought punk and darby were supposed to do something tonight ?
i just wan na feel happy and i wan na be successful so i quit pmo because nofap is now my lifestyle
that said i think getting smacked around a bit as a kid sort of helped me not turn into a narcissistic asshole .
my parents never laid a hand on me but my grandparents on the other hand who raised me for the first four years of my life lololol
the dice roll is 1 gree makes power which is utility so thats a more stable regulated type of growth .
the support side sprt has payroll to run that biz its not as profitable necessarily as the mining .
i guess it was them who used all the tp too
living with him for 1 year mid lockdown was enough .
showing up at the place where the hobby occurs kitted to the nines with brand new everything 5 mins into being introduced .
well if i did that then i would be dead so i 'll take the scratch
no it 's not that 's extella logic not extra logic it 's very much possible that nameless can beat gawain without the sun and if the sun is up he 'll lose or will have to quickly drag him into ubw to negate that advantage whether he 'll win or not after that is the questionable not impossible and not highly unlikely
and if your gon na say video game logic again then do n't consider extra cannon because nameless beating gawain is very much cannon in the extra verse and part of the story .
and if do n't consider extra cannon then we 'll just have to agree to disagree .
and you yourself cited the source material in another comment which shows that it 's very possible for archer to beat artoria saber and if that 's possible then it should be very possible to beat lancelot or gawain without the sun not likely in close combat and ubw still wo n't make it certain but still has a chance of winning and if archer goes sniping or long range he has a pretty good chance of winning .
again iam not saying emiya/nameless are superior servants just that without master interference on either side both sides at least for artoria saber have an equal chance of winning with gawain and lancelot maybe not equal but it 's certainly nowhere near impossible to defeat the other side .
you think that research published in the american journal of epidemiology and studies carried out by the university of california are slanted ?
elsewhere i 've provided studies from the university of vermont and the the harvard injury control research center .
exactly that 's the problem half of them saying game is pay to win just play for one day.they have no f ing patience
sometimes i like to cut my pizza into random shapes and send it to my friend to piss her off and it works every time
if you 're an alcoholic quit cold turkey and start hallucinating things like dogs people and monsters in the shadows at night you 're at risk of dying .
getting off alcohol cold turkey can be deadly to people who drink enough
that wait would be shorter if they did n't prioritize micros .
history will not be kind to those who defended the tether scam in spite of the vast totality of evidence .
this multi billion scheme run by shyster scum would n't have been possible without the enablers within the crypto industry that partnered and profited with them .
the reality will be especially hard for those coins that profited the most from the tether scam .
when tether is gone it could lead to some volatility for bsv but tether imploding could also be good for bsv because there is evidence that tether which has close ties to bitfinex is being used on that exchange to fuel abnormal short activity against bsv .
i would end the tether fraud today and let the market decide a fair value of corrcoin and bitcoin .
that is the kind of communist '' i am s .
what about giving it to other workers in the organization ?
i swear to god that i got more problems than there is bitches in carlow
i 'd give almost anything to see bassnectar and feel the bass like this ! !
even fetuses do n't say things that dumb and they 're literally babies !
yeah like for all we know he could just do kamehame ha or rasengan but we dont know right he is mysterious he is most likely not a swordsman but till we get new info on him i would consider him swordsman
my stitches are always so loose and never looks as pretty as yours ! tension my friend .
knitting may seem easy when you get the fundamentals down but getting my tension right has taken me 15 years .
they are the only insect i can think of that humans have successfully domesticated but retain there own rigid society .
the way they communicate the distance and direction of pollen fields to one another ?
but how can they evolve if the sperm donors are all identical ?
yes i 'm already aware of all the things you have mentioned .
it 's sad but i ca n't do anything about it .
individual laborers should bargain for rsus or stock options as a part of their compensation package .
this way even they would be asset holders and would get a share of the company profits .
this is exactly how it works in many tech companies .
i think that should solve all the problems you mentioned .
the combination of homogenic and vespertine is truly amazing .
as a huge fan i 'd easily suggest reading anything by brandon sanderson .
mistborn and the stormlight archive novels are fantastic and i 'd recommend just about any cosmere book .
ah yes the government makes compliant citizens sterile leaving the non-compliant as the only ones left to proliferate .
to give you a more detailed context here 's one i 've dealt with before lol
usually not a huge fan of nsfw-ish art but the art from  https twitter.com/yyqw7151/status/1429079608628895750 ? t=rywp3fjqu7fbujj3xcqktw amp s=19 is really good .
makes sense i was more curious for the reason as to why it was strikethrough 'd though haha .
comirnaty the rebranded version of the pfizer biontech vaccine is the only one that has fda approval .
this information is articulated in the letter of authorization here https www.fda.gov/emergency-preparedness-and-response/coronavirus-disease-2019-covid-19/comirnaty-and-pfizer-biontech-covid-19-vaccine .
from what i understand the military can not force a member to take a vaccine without fda authorization unless waived by the president .
there is no stockpile of comirnaty and i would n't expect it that soon .
he may ride his enlistment out before the approved vaccine is available .
with how close he is to the end of his enlistment i do n't think it 's worth your leadership 's time with how sparse the approved vaccine will likely be in the short term .
if leadership does take action legal council is the best route .
understandable after all it 's coarse rough irritating and it get 's everywhere .
he 's barely won last time against a pkr newcomer too .
can i please suck on those while i get you pregnant ?
i have n't gotten so far there and i do n't want to he scared either 
m'grandpappy used to to tell a story about driving up to get gas from his farm down californee-way .
man we all went to school with each other for generations .
i used to be all on those blocks before i was a bd
i 'm sure the numbers especially near ports went up following the little ice age
while the hmd can create more detox the cause is the viruses and pathogens that the healing foods help to detox .
those other links are about whether something can be wild and feral at the same time .
but they do n't claim as you seemed to that foxes are feral in australia and the exact same species is wild in england .
i 've been reading that 24 pager and it 's very interesting but it provides nothing like what you said .
the debate is in part about what makes a species distinct for example and to what extent the dingo was domesticated .
and as for the dingoes i already explained that there is a lot of controversy about them .
yes and you said that despite that they 're officially '' classed as feral .
the nih calls them canis lupus dingo which implies to me that it 's a distinct species .
the pdf says that they should not do that .
i do n't know but you seemed to know .
the easy point is you bastards make me wear pants everyday .
and tell me who 's life is that saving .
we will have some fun all over the place  you very beautiful 
ss isis syria is sponsored by isreal who are equiped financed medically treated in isreal everyone and their grandma know this in that country and around the world pretty cool coinkidink that on exact day that pm nafta meets child specialist grandpa joe just like the navy ship liberty attacked by isreal their terror proxy in kabul goes ahead and kills us marines along with dozens of civlians its so neat and well executed pm nafta walks into the wh and everyone 's glued to the carnage on tv screens like a hollypedowood script .
those are probably your best bets just keep an eye out as they seem to get snatched up quickly from what i 've seen high demand not enough being sold .
also try joining local pole buy/sell facebook pages i see a lot posted there .
is kemet actually in that pile or are you just fucking with me .
i 've now spent way to long playing where 's kemet '' lol
i figured out i was using a gun that does n't work with multiple shots .
i plan on playing them next when i get time .
if rahane makes run then sky would sit again otherwise he will play in next game
i appreciate a non-threatening hello and some small talk weather etc or a joke .
i miss being approached by men all the time .
now walking around and talking to no one meeting no one it 's so depressing .
then yeah you did nothing wrong 100 on the landlord and absolutely push back if pm tries to tell you to pay .
my final straw was 2015 policy but in second place was giving a lesson to 12 year olds on sodom and gomorrah .
i told the part where lot 's wife looks back and is turned to a pillar of salt .
a kid raised his hand did that really happen ?
i read ahead what happens next and well you know what happens next for lot .
i felt sick teaching this to kids and saying it was real .
it was just so stupid and everyone around me treating this stuff like it is real ?
i could n't find the value in that story .
angels come down and the mob wants to get it on with them and lot offers his daughters instead ?
why is the bible such a credible source at this point in human evolution ?
we take rights away from others based on this book .
i just ca n't understand how we are even having serious conversations about this being the basis to dehumanize our lgbqt population .
is marshadow attainable if i do n't have him from an event ?
i 've been playing osu for a couple of months now and recently switched over to tablet about a month ago.
this is my current grip https imgur.com/a/r86dyel https imgur.com/a/r86dyel however i 'm finding that there is pain on my third knuckle/finger and also a bit of pain on my pinky as well after playing for a longer period of time 1.5hrs or when i start playing faster 5 songs i do n't play these often as i 'm still practicing 3-4 's in the game but my friends like to play 5 in multiplayer
feel free to post a picture of how you hold your pen grip .
i 'm trying to experiment new grips and styles that could reduce the pain
as the title says up there i 'm really needing some good friends in my life .
i 'm looking for anybody between the ages of 18 and 22
i 'm happily engaged to the love of my life and i 'll be moving in with him in the next month or two
i love to play casual games such as minecraft java edition the sims stardew valley and animal crossing .
i 'm always looking for people to play mc or stardew with but i 'm up to trying new games
i 'm a lover of all things sanrio and pink and have been ever since i was a little girl .
i was one of those gifted kids growing up who are now almost illiterate .
i had a senior reading level in the 5th grade but now ca n't pick up a book to save my life but if i had to choose my favorite book series i 'd say it would be either a series of unfortunate events or harry potter i always thought i was a ravenclaw but let 's be real i 'm a hufflepuff 3
i love to talk on the phone and vc on discord so hopefully you would too .
i might just get a little too excited and ramble a little bit
timezones do n't bother me and i 'm in mdt
if you think we 'd be a good match message me !
to me at least him being a mutate does n't make any sense as his power was awoken by the extreme trauma which would n't have happened naturally ?
but if he was just exposed to extreme trauma by ajax with no other changes to him would n't that mean he 's always had the healing factor and all he needed to do was take a lot of damage ?
this is really just me trying to justify him coming back to x-force
submission statement 1960 israel began infiltration of all the three letter agencies and congress .
by 2001 they had near total control through literal dual citizens in congress and the rest payed off .
the war on terror was the brain child of benjamin netanyahu .
he wrote a book in 1987 called the war on terror how the west can win that layed out a plan to destroy the middle east .
it was never about oil this is a limited hangout repeated by everyone on the left .
it it was about using america to destroy israel 's enemies .
after 9/11 there were no arabs on the ground save a passport .
there were 140 israeli mossad around new york caught with explosives in vans and 5 were filming the towers .
all 140 were eventually released by israeli dual citizen michael chertoff secretary of homeland security .
there no mention of this in his wikipedia page https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_chertoff
i 'm not saying i know what happened but everything i just said is true yet covered up by the media .
here 's a video by alan sebrosky explaining how israel controls congress
good or bad does n't matter i prolly could n't carry but i 'd like to think i 'm not worthless .
what i 'll give 4 t. rex 4 snow owls kitsune and a mythic egg
to all fans of the manga looking for a father '' the last chapter has been translated after 5 years o .
i ca n't post the link here because this chapter contains explicit scene .
but you can find it by searching dong bi looking for a father after story english uncle bane single page ver '' in your favorite search engine .
a very very big thanks to uncle bane to have translated this chapter .
i 'm planning to program a ios os x app wich needs a server .
the server is needed for user authentication a bit of data storage and it has to run python 3 scripts .
also the server needs to change some of his stored data dynamically based on data of other websites .
i 've never programmed on a server before so i need help ! !
btw i would like to have a haptic server at home not a digital server anywhere in the cloud .
alright so i 'm in eu and in my country you ca n't find any black russian or fashion brand cigarettes .
are there any online sites where i can buy those cigarettes and get them delivered ?
looking for places that ship from eu not paying extra taxes .
susd just did a review of a new jenga-esque game called the fuzzies that might be a good fit for non horror themed games of dread .
i see that some builds use slinger capacity at maximum but i still do n't understand why .
if so which weapons benefit from having this skill maximized and why ?
i thought his profile pic was a weird rendition of zoidberg from futurama but after further analysis and some googling i ca n't figure out what character it is .
a place for members of r/justifiedco to chat with each other
so i went on a longer trip away from my base and also restarted the game at some point .
now when i came back my base was gone .
i can see it in the tech manager but when i want to send the blocks to inventory i get nothing also screenshoting it does n't work .
i can still see the markers on the map .
also i can drive into it i crash into something invisible when i drive around .
our project is in early development feel free to ask questions and check it out at tinyurl.com/kilbeefs
their flowing hats and inquisitive looks will be on sale soon
this is our first project you even taking the time to view this means the world 3
i do n't care if they remove the extra rewards or extra levels from future passes .
i just want to be able to complete them .
for a little context i usually buy either a pre-order or 50 packs on release day and then buy the pass because it 's extra value '' because i have been having less free time it has become increasingly harder and harder to complete the pass on time .
as a completionist and someone who genuinely just wants my time to not have a cap on it i think this would be for the best .
the prevention of completion prevented me from buy the last mastery pass and now it looks like the same for this one .
as such i have also been buying less packs with actual money just from the stress and demotivation of feeling i could be left behind at any moment .
this is not a feeling you should want in your customers .
you want them to enjoy the game and encourage them to buy as much to complete their collections and try new things .
if the passes continue to be this diffucult i may be forced to be permanently free to play which will then only result in my eventual exit from the game .
i 'm sure i 'm just a nonzero number on the profits but i ca n't help but feel i 'm not the only one who feels like this .
for any smart alecs lol bye '' farewell to you too .
i 'm just giving my feedback and feelings as a customer so that wizards can improve this system .
both on thursday and saturday i would either be at a stop light or a stop sign and my engine would turn off .
the first time i did n't notice until i let off the brake and hit the gas .
the second time my radio was off so i noticed immediately .
would put car in park and restart car a few seconds later and car would drive as normal .
loki introduced us to a large load of information about multiverse and how these multiple realities interact with each other .
for my theory i will not be bothering anyone with details from comics and other sources outside the accepted norm of mcu .
loki hence forth in this post will refer to the show loki and not the character loki unless stated otherwise .
first instance of a possibility of multiple reality can be traced to endgame when we see there are 2 copies of the same character in the same reality .
but as per kang this was meant to be and not a part of the multiverse '' .
thereby i assume that multiverse only came into our knowledge in events of loki and everything that happened before this is part of a single universe .
characters can and may look different from their counterparts from different universes .
4.same character can and may be with different abilities .
5.laws of physics in all worlds are the same .
b time travelling while carrying an infinity stone which can be undone by returning exactly it where you got it .
now these can be used to justify that tobey-spidey tasm along with other characters from those films can come in nwh .
that also means old aunt may may get to see hot aunt may .
and also a possibility of one spidey being 'evil ' .
or the villains may actually be friendly for that we have to wait and see .
and simply putting more money in the hands of those bidding for a house wo n't bring down housing prices any more than giving free cash to every bidder at an art auction will allow each of them to afford a picasso .
promises to flush the market with more money subsidized by taxpayers are not politically surprising .
the real answer the difficult answer the long-term answer is supply  everything from more rentals and more homes for purchase to a much-needed expansion of affordable housing .
and on this the parties have all pledged a raft of ideas .
we both have the same mp3 and i was able to put my music on it and she is n't .
yhe first time she said this she claimed the music playlist on google play was n't working '' so i gave her a link to a free website that could convert youtube links to mp3 files .
this has been going on since i bought it for her some months ago .
she 's trying to guilt trip me into doing it for her because she does things for me all the time .
its not a fair trade just because she says so .
i tried showing her how to do it herself but she refuses to and wants me to hurt do it instead .
it took me 3 days procrastination aside to put all of my songs and stuff on mine .
she keeps telling me to do it and i finally told her today that i do n't want to .
she said thanks for telling me that you do n't want to .
is she right to tell me to just do things for her without her learning to do it herself ?
i get that its very confusing but i learned everything by simply googling it and figuring it out by myself .
any advice in how to get her to do it herself ?
edit this is not aboit being petty or being entitiled to anything .
i get that she has done things for me but it was when i couldnt do it myself ie .
deiving myself places because i dont have a car or tying my shoes because i was too young to know how .
shes trying to make me when ive goven her other oppertunities to do it herself and shes refusing to because its hard or she just wants me to do it
spacexmoon stealth launch  listed on pancakeswap  liquidity locked
token spacexmoon is funded solely through its own cryptocurrency a bep20 token leveraging a smart contract on the binance block chain network .
 we set out below some key points for you to consider choosing us
no dev wallet admins will also buy after launch and keep feeding the liquidity if it is necessary
 we are sick of it aswell it so we have created our own token and dedicated it to all those that have been scammed so get in early and do n't miss out !
we will make sure this token is safe and a good investment for all with great rewards to our early holders ... 
for the following univerisites could anyone please give me a rough predicted score and of u have got in your actual score that is required to gain admission .
with finals coming up i wanted to take a look at which games have been the most watched so far this summer in the west .
according to escharts these are the ones unsurprisingly most from playoffs
last but not least welcome vero farm 's last angel in the starters angel collection !
although it was revealed last this is a very remarkable character .
with a mischievous and sly appearance cabbage angel possesses a cunning mind full of formidable tricks that await the opponent !
i hope cabbage angel 's water attack will bring you victory .
and that 's vero farm 's 4 angel beginnings set .
viking-doge just fair launched and is setting sail on a mission of conquest !  we are soon to be crypto 's 1 community driven token !
as we raid pillage and conquer all other meme-tokens with our diamond hands and diamond axes and share in the treasure and riches !
viking-doge was built to be a decentralized community-driven defi token .
the viking-doge team intends to ensure that every new member of the viking-doge army joins with equal opportunity by initiating a fair launch on pancakeswap with no pre-sale conducted .
decentralized contract ownership was renounced at launch as a result of this action no individual or entity has ownership of the contract making viking-doge secure and fair for our community and truly decentralized .
viking-doge was tested extensively using the testnet prior to launch to ensure absolute security and accuracy of function it was designed to be scalable self-sustaining and to scale seamlessly and frictionlessly on a fully autonomous and rapidly growing defi ecosystem .
auto liquidity generation every viking-doge transaction contributes to liquidity ensuring price stability sustainability and security to viking-doge holders .
this feature ensures that viking-doge is sustainable and scales as our community grows .
holders can also provide additional liquidity and earn interest as our market cap grows .
every member of the viking-doge army will be able to share in the bounties of our conquests !
viking-doge nft marketplace the viking-doge nft marketplace is currently in the planning and development phase and will be released as soon as it is ready .
we will be working garner a roster of the best digital artists influencers celebrities and athletes to have an all-star lineup of nft releases at launch .
the nft releases would also be paired with merchandise to add further value to our marketplace offerings .
airdrops will also be going out to our top holders .
as our community and influence grows we intend to use this influence to set up a fully transparent charity wallet to which the viking-doge army can share the bounties of our conquest !
100 of proceeds will then be donated to foodbanks and unicef children 's education fund .
the team is very passionate about this planned initiative as we believe education is the key to improving the quality of lives of our global community !
i 'm once again asking for your assistance ... quick rescue i 'm on the raft just need to be put in my bed .
so me 22f and my boyfriend 26m have been dating for about 9 months things moved quickly and we got pretty serious as he bought me a 1400 puppy and we are moving in together on september 1st .
we met in northern ca where we lived separately about 5 min away from each other for the majority of our relationship .
i told him my lease was up and i wanted to move to socal for school and my parents he basically said he would drop everything and come with me including paying double rent until december when his lease is up .
about 2 weeks ago we moved into my parents to wait until our new apartment in southern ca was ready staying with my parents bc my old lease was up 2 weeks before our new one started he lived with his friends in northern ca and 3 of his friends from his home state east coast were going to visit from august 27-31 and he wanted to go .
i was a little upset he was going to leave me right before we move when there 's a lot to do as he 's coming back august 31st and we move in sept 1st .
but i definitely did n't want him to miss his friends visiting so i told him i would do all the moving stuff taking care of the puppy and he should go have fun .
now i can not lie i am a clingy girlfriend with severe separation anxiety and miss him a lot we talked about him texting me often and calling me at night but he 's been gone 3 days and he 's texted me a total of 3 times .
and only called once after i asked and asked .
today was a super bad day and i texted him and told him .
he said oh no and did n't reply again .
i called him and he did n't answer until like 3 hours later saying sorry i 'm drunk love you is it fair that i 'm questioning if this is the type of person i want to be with ?
on one hand i feel like he 's disregarded me and is only focusing on his friends .
but i also feel like his friends are only in town for a few days .
i love him a lot but feel like maybe i deserve someone who makes me feel more like a priority .
ever since i first got my period when i was 12 i 've had issues .
extreme debilitating pain extremely heavy flow nausea headaches etc .
i do n't know how many times i 've been unable to sleep eat or function to my cramps and at least once a cycle i vomit due to the pain .
as a result i 've taken to not stopping my birth control for any off weeks because i know from past experiences that i will have to either call in sick 1-2 days in a row or not be able to accomplish anything worthwhile chores like cleaning shopping etc .
i 've done some research and know that this level of pain is not typical .
i definitely feel i should look into getting a professional opinion but i 've often heard horror stories of individuals being laughed off by doctors .
does anyone here have any advice or any stories on how they get diagnosed ?
the cockroach eliminated all concepts including itself existence non-existance omnipotence and the concept of concepts yet still survived .
the cockroach buzzed with enough power to erase infinite universes to the power of infinity beyond the concept of speed or comprehension .
bonus suggsverse cockroach vs every omnipotent and meme character and all of fiction in general
yes i speak spanish aaaaaand i want to meet new people around the world ...
if you are interested i 'll be here for anything ... be free to send me a message
oh no i 'm going to lose the game ! !
seriously wizards ban the vesperlark already ...  https preview.redd.it/jhyt0hvks9k71.png ? width=1579 format=png auto=webp v=enabled s=9cda1fefd3bd8bf0fc75f908c47b34586ee34c31
have been happy with my airpods pro for 1,5 years .
lately i have been starting to notice that the bass is extremely low and the play/pause action seems to have a delay .
the left airpod pauses about 50ms before the right one does .
also seems to be more of an issue when the spartial audio is on .
have tried to do all the basic tricks reconnecting them and hoping back button to reset them for 15 seconds .
even drained the battery to 0 and recharged them .
this might sound stupid but i could use an extra eli5 on yieldly .
i moved my algo there before last lotery but now i do n't really understand how it works so i hope i get some answers on the following
how and where can i see if and/or what i won in last lotery ?
does my current staking also counts for next lotery ?
where can i see the amount of tickets i get/use ?
i claimed some yldy from staking and restaked them in the yldy pool an i doing that correct ?
is this the way i should use yieldly or am i doing it wrong ?
i figured out how to add a letter to the location in outer wilds
selecting the aa option is now in loadout screen as opposed to being a modification .
ah mk.1 ca n't take 4 rocket pods and starstreaks anymore .
shame i used it as a ka-50/52 hunter at the start of matches .
sb608 passed in 2019 it 's the first statewide rent control bill in the us .
it is my understanding that my lease rolls over to a month to month agreement .
i received a rental increase effective jan 2021 for 8-ish percent and then i just received another notice effective nov 2021 for another increase a total of over 17 in 1 year .
when i questioned the increase and told my landlord via email that he was n't allowed to increase my rent more than 9 9 or 9.2 i ca n't figure out which he retaliated and said that a deposit i made back in 2014 was actually a prepaid fee and he was removing from my monthly statement .
i notified him that it was a deposit and not a fee and asked him to provide the financial documentation that the funds he received when he purchased the property in 2015 were credited to my account appropriately as he had confirmed back in 2018 that he received all deposits and to write in the deposit into my 2018 lease and he would initial and send back to me .
after 3 separate requests he finally sent me a copy of the expired 2018 lease and gave me back the full deposit credit .
now i just received an email stating that i have 2 options to sign a new 12 month lease at the current rate or sign a month to month lease at the higher rate .
i talked to the other tenants and they all have also received 2 increases effective 2021 .
does my out of state landlord not have to comply with sb608 ?
while he is out of state he does have his daughter send our statements to us under nwt properties which is not a registered business in oregon or utah .
so my boyfriend just told me everything from are past it 's crazy because i remember being in love with him and he tells me he was talking to other people while we we 're talking saying we was just talking so that was n't cheating like he told me he loved me we did everything together like what just because there was no title is is okay to do that i 'm not sure i 'm hurt even tho we 're doing good now but idk how to feel about this it makes so sad i just keep thinking about it i thought it was just be like i was being loyal to him like damn 
moved into a place last year with gas for the first time 2 tanks .
a friend suggested elgas and while they seem reliable and good they do seem expensive .
another older thread on here recommended kiwigas but i can not find their price per cylinder on their website just their annual rental fee .
ideally with annual rental fee that caught me by surprise and price per refill .
happy to use a referral code if it works out .
also does anyone know how you change over providers ?
do you have to wait for your tanks to empty out before you switch or what ?
if i copy collective defiance do i have to pay the escalate cost once or for each copy for the copies to have the escalated ability .
ie collective defiance on zada hedron grinder and if the copies require the payment of the escalate cost to escalate i 'm just curious pretty sure this does not work would you be able to choose a mode that does n't have the target creature in it ?
i am in dire need of an answer to what i consider to be a very simple question .
i have been asking this question for about 20 years and it seems like no one in the history of mankind is asking it nor does anybody have an answer it seems ... i have asked friends family and psychologists and have tried googling this many times and am not a single iota closer to an actual answer .
so i am finally biting the bullet and asking it myself .
i say biting the bullet '' cuz talking to other people about thinking usually creates more confusion than anything since everyone 's own thought process is highly personal .
but in this current moment i am lost once again and so i have nothing else to lose .
do you think about what you see or do you see what you think about ?
or put differently do your thoughts follow your eyes or do your eyes follow your thoughts ?
now if our eyes are open we 're obviously seeing '' so i guess what i really mean is do you think about what you 're visually focused on or do you visually focus on what you 're thinking about ?
in other words which is the real driver behind the wheel '' sensory perception or thoughts ?
now if a person is blind the question then has to be do you think about what you hear or are you focusing your audio perception based on what you 're thinking about ?
one might say if a blind person is sitting somewhere quiet are they just going to think about nothing ? ! ''
obviously not ... that may seem like an answer but if a mentally healthy yet blind individual is sitting somewhere very quiet for example the lack of audio stimulation i would assume would naturally lead to more internal personal type thinking they 'll start thinking about things that need to get done or other things that are totally unrelated to their surroundings at that time .
so that scenario unfortunately does n't provide a clear answer to my question i.e. it could still go either way in my mind .
one thing that i am certain will probably come up is the concept of mindfulness . ''
however i have yet to hear a proper or consistent explanation of what mindfulness actually is and especially how to be mindful and yet be in control of a complex active lifestyle one where you must think about things that are unrelated to your current surroundings .
i would love to give some background but i ca n't really go too deeply into them otherwise this post will for sure be tl dr if it is n't already ... but let 's just say that i literally forgot how to think normally a long time ago and at this point am somebody who questions his thought process 24/7 .
anyway without confidence in your thought process it simply can not work .
i get stuck '' very easily because i often will question whether to dig deep inside for a thought or to just move on to something visually and let the thoughts come from that .
it 's a pretty simple problem yet without an answer there 's no confidence and so i get stuck .
back to mindfulness ... due to my problem i spent years simply just being at one '' with my surroundings .
i put all of my attention into just seeing things with the hopes that my thoughts would naturally come from that .
in the beginning it worked beautifully because my brain was still somewhat normal and my normal thought process was still present .
but after doing that for years i found myself emptier and emptier simpler and simpler and was neglecting more and more things in my life .
i became totally spontaneous which is nice on one hand but ...
so the concept of mindfulness has never made sense to me because nobody can ever explain how the actual thought process enters the equation and how you are actually ever in control of your life .
i 've heard over and over that mindfulness is not supposed to exclude thinking which i get but the question remains where do the thoughts come from ?
when being mindful are the thoughts not coming from within ?
they 're coming from your senses i.e you think about what you see ?
are people who are good at mindfulness simply so mentally healthy that they 're actually just thinking literally all the time but it just seems like they are getting their thoughts from their sensory connection to their environment ?
to them being grounded means constantly thinking about being grounded ? !
finally i do n't want this to be a discussion about mindfulness necessarily ...
believe me i have looked into that a thousand times .
i have all also seen people get defensive about it and i 'm not interested in being lectured at about mindfulness or how i 'm not doing it properly .
people who are having problems with it are simply frustrated and looking for answers .
i 'm sure i 'm not doing it properly ... and if it 's the answer then it 's the answer ... but i have this very basic question about which comes first thoughts or sensory perception and have yet to hear an actual answer to that .
thank you so much for your time in reading this and thanks in advance for any potential responses .
but yeah does anyone else have a similar problem or can anyone shed some light ?
tl dr version you think whatever you want whenever you want however you want ... and whenever you 're done thinking about something which you will naturally know by thinking and being mindful you return to a sensory focus visual for most people and the next thought will naturally come whenever it 's time whenever you want it to which may or may not be right away ... ?
i just started and it feels like i am constantly getting chased and then as soon as i stop i die .
this is extremely frustrating and is making the game not fun .
playing as aya sinking the roman fleet after that 's finished i 'm stuck in a black loading screen .
i 've tried everything i do n't have any other saves i 'm not sure what to do i 'm so close to finishing the game and to start again would be a grind this is my first play through and just wondering if anyone else has had this issue and if they 've managed to fix it ?
serious question why do we call billy zabka billy instead of william ?
just like how we call jacksepticeye jack because his mother used to call him that ?
looking for a great 3d artist who can create mech/robot style characters with personality .
i 'll share references to those who are serious about this .
we have the gameplay mechanics worked out but need to make it look awesome .
if you have experience translating your designs and animations into unity that 's a huge plus !
as soon as we have character designs ready we 're going to have an nft launch that our team will market .
you 'll get a percent of the funds we raise .
we can discuss this more in detail if we move forward together .
if you 're not interested in revshare we can offer upfront pay but revshare will be much more lucrative in the mid/long-term .
realistically you can expect two to three weeks of collaborative effort a few days per week as we build the initial character assets then you can relax for two months while we raise the funds and promote like crazy .
i 've reached out to a few artstation artists but want to open this up to reddit artists who are excited about the metaverse .
does anyone not believe obiden would kill 3 innocent guys in a truck to say he is doing something against isis-k ?
i do n't believe a word out of obiden or this administration !
i want some help in searching for good pc games that are great for a single player or even multiplayer games but with a nice community to enter alone .
my friends do n't play anything else than lol and i am tired of that .
i would love hearing suggestions from anyone so i could buy some of them .
edit i should put maybe some games that i liked ...
god of war all series except 4 i do n't own ps4
uh and mario kart wii haha yeah that is my childhood
and i think those were like the games i mostly like 
i 'm looking for infinikey 's pbt white-on-black wob keyset .
feel free to dm me or leave a comment if you 're interested in selling .
i can think of one prominent politician who suggested they are ...
that is still considered a rap song and imo is better than stay
if only hst had been alive to see the trump presidency .
yeah i 'm a little upset i was never told that
yeah but without wojaks we would n't have got george from seinfeld angry that they put his opinion under the soyjak .
always take self help books with a grain of salt
that said i do recc four agreements by don miguel ruiz
my parents were together over 20 years and my dad was very abusive to my mom and she did n't work up the courage to leave until she was 38 .
by the time she was 40 she was engaged sadly it did n't work out and then by the time she was 45 she had met someone else and was re married .
it took me 6 months of patience with my spouse to overcome my fil 's insane fearmongering and rambling .
i 'm a 38 year old homeowner with a professional career .
my friend was like hey man look at this dumbass falling asleep while laughing .
i grinned and said i tried to tell them .
i really did and just half grinned to not be rude .
seeing this after the americans who have died and will be left behind this week ... .
iirc yesterday knifing was funky so server might be acting up .
that was painfully bad spread tho he still would have died but the overshield should have at least broken .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
your scientific american article does not support you point .
its method is flawed in that it deals with a small sliver of prisoners whose demographic is so narrow it makes the conclusions meaningless .
it deals with criminals who could have received probation or prison which is a small subset of crimes .
we are talking about murder of a presidential candidate here .
the deterrence is also meant to be on community members who have not violated the law yet which that study does not measure .
your second study also does n't relate as it deals with kids .
you are confirmation biasing a narrative that is not backed by the studies you linked .
so you are simply wrong and not being intellectually honest .
deterrence was also just one argument there was also direct public safety since he claimed to have killed him when blacked out .
 pathetic crowd and that 's with no doubt some paid stand-ins to be there to beef up appearances for the msm .
i 'd love to see you shake that big booty baby
i definitely would n't bake all three things together in a single dish though .
but some buttermilk cheesy jalapeno cornbread with some 8-hour-slow-cooked beans and sausage all thrown together in a bowl sure would hit the spot right now .
dammit why 'd i have to get so damn high tonight ? !
daaamn bro ngl like ik its not all peaches and cream no pun intended but id love to have that shit not even specifically for anyone else just knowing i got it .
its like having a weapon and someone starts talking shit you 're just laughing in your head lol
imagine justifying sending a dude to jail giving a dude a fine over a percieved insult or verbal abuse ''
glad we have free speech absolutionism here in the us you guys are fucking nuts .
shut the fuck up i do what i want reddit warrior .
with momo and basco on my side there is no way i could lose .
have you seen the amount of bozos who wo n't take an actual virologist 's scientist 's or doctor 's opinions on vaccines ?
they have been eating horse dewormer instead of getting the free covid vaccine ...
i want to do something that i actually enjoy and i 'm not suffering through for a few years just for the money .
join the psilocybin monthly giveaway to win 50 usd gift card .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/psilocybin if you have any questions or concerns .
i also said the same thing to the brazilian jiu-jitsu person but this time i mean it
a game can be considered released when it 's in open beta the question should be when smite left open beta .
there should have been hundreds of thousands or millions across the country .
based off the objective for the season challenges reward 24 free challenges completed and each stage provides 6 free challenges 4 stages at minimum .
i do n't claim to represent the whole disabled community but as a disabled person myself i 've personally found inspiration porn to be harmful and i know many others agree .
i do n't like the area at all myself .
i do n't believe there is much of a creative scene there .
ca n't think of galleries or music venues in the neighbourhood .
it 's close to other decent spots i guess .
the cat is dead everyone deals with death differently .
there is no difference between this cat and any other animal other then the meaning humans give them .
i do agree he could of gotten something a lil better for the money he did have .
but if the extra cash they did n't spend is spent on his kids or used for them ai n't none wrong with what they did give him .
coming from what he grew up in having that as a tombstone considering winning compared to some .
i assume not everyone lost to that life got a halfway decent tombstone if they got one at all .
some ppls family might not of had the means to bury their child how they deserved .
this is great study ... i could do it all day 
every summer there 's this fucking massive yellow spider that sets up shop right outside our door scary shit
i wish this was the case but i just keep getting lobbied as a killer with survivors 5-10 ranks higher than me which is n't fun .
especially when i 'm just trying to knock out archives .
it 's like ever since they turned off mmr the algorithms just broke
if not every class is in person i 'd rather none of them be so that there 's consistency in my schedule lol .
i ca n't vote in the poll because the lowest it goes is 100mg .
because i think thst may be connected to a medical issue .
they go from kk is the best player in that draft during the playoffs to it 's whatever if we lose a 3rd line c hahahahahah morons .
is that why isreals infection rate is 280x more now than it was same time last year with out the vaccine .
damn chickens have had it too good for too long
the game has so much content etc i have no clue what i need to do without researching everything and thats kinda a drag haha it 's off putting 
so is there any way i can avoid the chatter from gpio2 ?
square enix is starting to hit steam maybe they are hoping something with the steamdeck
blame starts with aj he chose tingler over experienced coaches .
you do n't hire an inexperienced coach with a team which is growing and the verge of success .
yes mate i get both cannatrek and circle flowers .
nice been considering one for my next car but disappointed in the colour choices only colour i really like is the cornflower ... and for some reason i like the interior in the trendline more i like the funky dash and door panel treatment .
in this case the da is taking a case with a lot of evidence and numerous accusers and trying to sweep it under the rug not exaggerating it .
the victims had to do an end run around the da to get this to a grand jury .
yeah thanks to the black gold.. not their inventions or brains !
this exact situation happened to me too with my first big house .
well everyone pays every year to play so i suppose people somewhat pay attention !
i had a different blog more than a decade ago and got so much more traffic with less effort .
it 's hard to go from being a small blog to a medium blog when no one ever sees your content to begin with .
i have no idea he mentioned it a few times .
as others have pointed out the us is doing great in running swimming wrestling and other sports .
all of these give participation trophies but also require incredible dedication as much or more than cycling .
the weakness in us cycling is due to cycling not being popular .
i hope that growing high school mtb racing changes that equation .
man this song and the video was the bomb back when intc was worth way more than amd and nvda combined..
i have mastered the art of standing so perfectly still i become invisible to the naked eye
what is with that dark spot in the middle of the back stretch ? ?
we will not reply to modmail messages similar to what is reason my post was removed ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
you might be on the defensive since a lot of people on reddit are jerks but i did n't take it in a negative way .
dreaming may have had its uses years ago like keeping us alert when sleeping so we were n't eaten or attacked by animals .
now that society has evolved maybe the purpose of dreaming has evolved .
maybe instead of our dreams keeping us alert in the physical world it keeps us alert in the spiritual world .
i remember i had to write an essay as a villian explaining why i did what i did using only the information from the book/movie .
but what you got to do sounds much more fun than the essay !
it 's that look of acceptance every stoner gives when they realize you 're right or gave them a new outlook .
maybe we need to overwhelm them with paper letters .
so many that they run out of space to put them .
the only good coaching decision made tonight was not playing starters .
otherwise there could 've been a better game plan on display .
scott turner is n't such a genius that he has to keep all the good stuff secret .
how are you supposed to evaluate players when you do n't put them in anything resembling a capable nfl offense ?
even though it 's preseason we 've been beat over the head with the term culture change since last thanksgiving so they 're going to have to excuse me for expecting a better effort anytime this team is on the field .
these guys look an fcs school playing an sec 2nd string squad .
ok so then would it just be endless grinding until one of my demons gets agility 25 ?
you better refund dark and makoto or you 're dead .
get ready to get cock on the road bitch .
that 's all i did at the store until it went on clearance for 20 lol
does anybody have a list of systems that were originally open but became permit locked similar to hip 22460 ?
yes they are great i wrote about my experience with them on another thread and im still using their subs
so you want to bet the messaging on the odds that there wo n't be enough no votes to be the republican total of yes votes but there will be enough to beat the vote for the replacement candidates ?
it 's weird seeing americans talk about the c8 .
when the c8 eventually comes out here it 'll cost about 200k .
for very rough context miata starts at 40k mustang with v8 is about 80k supra 90k a110 is 120k z4 m40i 150k cayman 4.0 and camaro about 170k .
i 'm more glad that they stopped making these pieces of shit than the pt cruiser .
considering co2 stays in the atmosphere for so long i do n't understand how no new emissions '' could possibly lead to no increase in heating given the carbon already out there .
what 's going on is that while co2 concentrations stay elevated for hundreds of thousands of years they actually decline during the first few decades after we stop emitting because the ocean absorbs a big chunk of what 's in the atmosphere .
the model they 're using also assumes net zero anthropogenic methane emissions and methane breaks down after a few years so you also get a chunk of the recovery from that .
put a grenadier in the middle and you 're really cooking .
there 's a great video from francis john demonstrating the improvement
people want him to look at a moving picture be saw a moving picture with his eyes when it happened .
people complaining about the ref 's actions in this case are basically saying they care more about a stage show where the ref pretends to have a think than if he made the right decision .
metal supermarket for aluminum boedeker plastics for plastics bit be prepared for shipping costs .
when i started i just hoofed it and got the bare essentials for running basic aluminum jobs with tooling off msc and got my vise and basic tooling built into my loan .
after that be particular about your first couple months of jobs with each job make sure 1 you 've got your machine payment covered then use the money left from the job to buy additional tooling .
i got started buying the bare minimum but good quality/not used tooling for my jobs .
everyone i took was reinvested after cogs into more tooling and fixturing .
i 'm limitless as long as no scat piss vore or death i 'm game
i 've spent 25 on water today because i did n't want to wait over an hour for free water .
schaut auch die serie und den kinofilm deutschland von oben an und ihr habt mehr innerdeutsche reiseziele als ihr bereisen knnt .
i like to romance naoto so my headcanon is rise dates kanji bevause he is so unlike most men she has had in her life and talk fashion or cute stuff together .
and nothing is more win than a hot rich girl the same age as you .
and they both have grandma 's with local businesses in inaba .
try using the saw cleaver or get the saw hunter badge and buy it if it was n't your starting weapon it has extra damage to beast enemies .
at that upgrade level the r1 l1 combo will devastate amelia .
you can also get a really good blood gem near the password door in cathedral ward .
in terms of general fighting tips avoid staying near her for too long and when you do attack do n't let her face you .
attack after she does when there 's a window .
i was pulling someone 's skeleton out through their skin while they were still alive .
when i seen mm put the 4 fingers up .
i was like is he throwing up a set rn or
now the koolaid drinkers get humbled by a real offense .
been telling you guys the whole time to chill we 're beating backups
find a bigger bathroom with multiple stalls and fuck your throat with those dildos .
put a sign that says free use on the stall so anyone can let themselves in
i like that even blood for the blood gods people are like f aww damn heel hooks
when men and women worked in the sun all day and some surely still do !
ear wax was used to lubricate their lips to keep the lips from getting burned by the sun .
do n't worry buy us a francesinha and all is good 
i 'm sorry you had to find out this way .
the supreme court has held up time and time again that vaccine requirements are constitutional we the people not you the dumb dumb washington mandated it .
you think vaccines being required in schools for years was never fought against in court ?
of course it has and then courts sided with the shots everytime .
my boys my choice only applies to things you can do to your body that wo n't affect another living person
i did n't realize i could accidentally give an abortion to someone by sneezing .
is an arbitrary sentinel there to trigger the bot but my programmer brain always insists upon translating ! venomous '' to not venomous '' which is obviously not correct at all .
your monitor will most certainly support displayport 1.4 it 's been the standard for a while now so you can disregard the hdmi 2.1 port .
also your rtx 3090 should have 2-3 displayport 1.4 ports as well so just make sure and specifically buy a displayport 1.4 cord as opposed to displayport 1.2 and you 'll be all set .
do n't be worried you 're good to go .
and in doing so you 'll be rocking 4k 144hz as opposed to 4k 120hz with the hdmi 2.1 .
kinda makes a guy wish there was not a group of people who decided that sarscov2 would be great if it could jump from animals to humans in the first place .
that 's loads better than standing directly in front of the battery carrier and preventing them from making it up the hill resulting in the battery rolling all the way back down ...
hahah you will be the one laughing some day with all your gains ! ! !
yeah but it 's still unverified so we do n't know whether it 's true or not .
wow i do n't want to imagine how probius must feel .
i was just going off my knowledge of general how pmi works .
i could call them credit union on monday though .
that always happens to the 9 since hes always out front
good to know i 'm only in 1 right now but it 's good .
i 'm at work so another in and out night .
i guess that 's what it ultimately comes down to..
just because you do n't need a car that size does n't mean everyone does .
and who really cares about the size some of them have other benefits like ease of getting in and out
standing above him glaring at him was a behemoth a black kid named yard .
nobody knew his real nameeverybody just called him yard because he played on the school football team stood six foot five clocked in at a solid two hundred eighty pounds and looked like he was headed straight for a lifetime of prison workouts .
yeah it 's weird we should n't talk about them either idk lol
because there are no waves or ripples if there were this would be a fuckin painful ride .
with enough speed any liquid becomes a solid on impact .
solids even have some liquid properties but their surface tension is too high that normal forces like gravity or you trying to crush something do n't take effect .
why does the fifth largest economy run entirely by dems lack universal daycare and healthcare ?
why is housing such a big issue in a state where tech companies are allowed to pay zero taxes ?
at this point our choices seem like a slow painful death with dems
or quick and easy with reps and the latter sounds better and better with every passing day .
they 'll bully the shite and struggle against anyone remotely good .
wtf what 's the need for sarcasm here ... can a guy not watch some csgo on twitch ?
yeah lingard seemed to gel with the lads instantly .
squad harmony is absolutely not an issue with that transfer .
failure to mention exact brushes or brush category and/or process will get your post removed regardless of amount of upvotes .
if there is no comment it will be assumed that you mentioned it in an earlier post .
a link to that post 's comment will also be sufficient .
there are over 200 brushes that come with procreate by default .
it is beneficial to users to know how you did it as an additional means of learning .
if you consider yourself as an often poster and have a consistent style/method send a modmail to be given a different automod comment that already mentions what you use and just make a mention if anything different was done .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/procreate if you have any questions or concerns .
it is/was a common police code for illegal drug use or something in the us .
we once played a game of altiplano where one player did not place money on an expansion during the placement phase .
he was able to use that to buy a lot of resources only limited by money generation .
totally broke the game and won hands down with the most points i 've ever seen .
looked it up later yeah you ca n't do that .
the money needs to be down on the expansion during the placement phase and you can only put exactly how much you need for one .
i personally theorize that the soldiers belong to silver sable and she does n't believe spidey is innocent
if this post makes you suffer upvote this comment .
if this post breaks any rule s be sure to report this post and downvote this comment .
all 3 streaming platforms i checked yt apple spotify all only have the censored version of the album though .
the most underrated part of wcw dying by people like myself who were too young to see it and some who were even around is that it killed off an entire region of wrestling fans .
an entire region of fans who didnt tune in to watch both nitro and raw but just watched nitro .
and when that died so did their interest in wrestling .
i do believe that vince hates the south/southerners and believes a lot of us down here to just be slack jawed yokels who 'll buy anything sold to us and his pettiness regarding the market and purposefully not filling the void left by wcw in the south and the creation of the lapsed fan '' may be what gets him caught up since he has competition based out of the south for the first time in twenty years .
qualitativ sind die diskussionen hier genau so beschissen wie sonst wo im internet auch .
jemanden einen idioten zu nennen ist grundstzlich schlecht fr den informationsaustausch und in der echten welt kann es dafr konsequenzen geben .
i might bleed the calipers and go from there .
i swear to god you guys are 99 neckbeards and 1 sane
if u have n't gotten banned before then u should be good just be careful
click and tap on the space aliens planets and asteroids to destroy enemy faster .
i think my parents house in ky flooded because of it .
the water just seeped and stood on the ground beside the basement walls it finally leaked in .
it was a nightmare but not as much compared to people who lived in the path of it being an actual hurricane .
i still live in ky and i 've been debating about going to moms house even though it 's still the same house the flooded years ago .
i live in a trailer and i do n't know how bad the storms are going to be .
i rather be at my moms house for super bad lightning straight line winds or tornadoes cause of the basement .
but she is more than likely to loose power than us .
even though we are only a few miles apart we have different electric companies .
i think our lines are kept more clear of trees and more maintained .
plus ours works quicker than hers to get power back on .
it 's been 100-104 it feels like the past week or more most days .
though this is nothing compared to the plight of those that are in the line of it as a hurricane and tropical storm .
by the time it reaches ky is supposed to be just a storm depression .
the shear size of it looks like half of the south is going to be covered by it .
i tell my bf the same thing at times and he 's never taken advantage of me once .
he 's very good about respecting my normal sexual boundaries while i 'm drunk .
she 's just letting you know that she wants to have sex with you and that thought occurred to her before she got tipsy .
just be mindful and pay attention to signs that she may need to stop and you should be good to go !
op sent the following text as an explanation on why this is unexpected
is this an unexpected post with a fitting description ?
look at my source code on github https github.com/artraxon/unexbot what is this for ?
maybe they put that up because their inbox is getting bombarded with angry emails .
love the clean white look but have n't been able to find any auth pictures to compare with these factory pics .
cuz iv done that a few times totally different then vaginal and even better if you know what your doing .
btw if i accept your offer i 'll put a number at your comment .
i will dm you when i can trade the number means just if i have multiple trades what order i 'll trade you
tell him no you '' every time he calls you a slug
i think the fact that delta is thinning their herd will probably end up as a net positive for the region .
i will be messaging you in 7 days on 2021-09-05 12:23:14 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2021-09-05 2012:23:14 20utc 20to 20local 20time to remind you of this link https www.reddit.com/r/fashionreps/comments/pdlxq4/129_tnf_x_supreme_fur_print_nuptse/hasn1rp ? context=3
2 others clicked this link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message 5bhttps 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fr 2ffashionreps 2fcomments 2fpdlxq4 2f129_tnf_x_supreme_fur_print_nuptse 2fhasn1rp 2f 5d 0a 0aremindme 21 202021-09-05 2012 3a23 3a14 20utc to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
take it he cut his losses and sold it/scrapped it ?
i 'm sure someone else has articulated it many times over .
you are the one with burden of proof and you have proven nothing .
by the way you just displayed your ego inferiority complex and saying thanks for playing .
this is n't a game you can win or lose you are simply wrong .
goodbye and do n't expect to hear from me again chode .
i 'd give so much to be able to sing like this .
if u can ignore this stuff then u might just enjoy it or wait the 10 years for the remake to get translated !
first of all hostile work environment is a legal term that means an employee s is being discriminated against for being a member of a legally protected class .
it does n't mean people are n't being nice to each other .
second if you 're in the us your employer does n't need cause to let someone go unless they have a contract .
you can either wait it out and see how it goes or find another job .
i must just be unlucky cause i 've only had two longterm relationships and both gone the same way .
atleast i know i 've recovered before and can again
you really only need to configure your builds specifically when you do higher end content like raids dungeons and gm 's
read it again the tweet was about all trans people on twitter and their communities not just the people he interacted with .
i would n't be surprised if most of those anti-vaxxers are paid trolls .
siempre kung may mga pasaway kuno may masisisi ang gobyerno kapag nasita sila tungkol sa kaawa-awang kundisyon ng vaccination rates ng bansa .
this will probably be unpopular but even with an announcement of a tokenized crypto dividend it could still take months for moass to actually kick into gear .
fomo pressure from retail may be able to get it going but if the price can be manipulated enough to stay steady the dtcc
has at least 2 months from the announcement to declare full distribution unfeasible .
as a creative myself i make artistic personalized going away gifts etc .
for people at work and the like i 've seen my drive to create decrease much to my wife 's chagrin .
she wants me to finish my novel quickly so i can sell it and get rich and famous oh my lol .
what she does n't see is that not being valued by her including db as anything more than a paycheck is killing my creative drive so no writing .
and no i 'm not dumb enough to think i 'm sitting on the next bestseller .
i write because the story is there not to sell it to some publisher .
same reason i make those going away gifts the work is in me and i create them for others not for myself or for money .
a 16 year old can abuse a 14 year old cause 14 is considered more of a child here in nz while 16 is considered a young adult
i might wait and see what the codex looks like when it does come out .
i am a quite competitive person so will stay as i am for a bit .
the difference comes in aos having a hard reset and with a majority of warscrolls limiting wargear to what is on the sprue which is generally going to be a newer sprue .
whereas 40k has datasheets that are nearly as old as 40k itself and have retained wargear from the era of gw expecting you to kitbash captains .
so yes you are expected to kitbash if you want say twin lightning claws as those wargear options are more legacy '' options only there to prevent people getting pissed off that their marine captain does n't have legal wargear anymore .
i just feel weird that even some hardcore stress test software like furmark or heaven engine ca n't break the thing but a modded skyrim can ...
i do n't think there should be any girl troops .
i could see if there were no other options but there is .
austin looks pretty good in many areas compared to other cities .
probably because the video is the same as last year 's where the beginning of the academic year was 30-31 august .
this whole post and the comments tbh are a fever dream of bigotry sub is going quite toxic at this point .
as i said in my post you can listen to it a couple of times and still like it .
but if you had to put it in repeat/stream it get it spammed to you in radio or gym or stores before you like it then it 's a bad song
if the apk was downloaded on a pixel device would it be able to run ?
only reason i ask is that i prefer samsung music over youtube music or spotify .
patrick is the chosen one it is said he can bring balance to the kraby party formula and the force
dani and saying she 's gon na make big moves but does n't
yea why do y'all call it a bank holiday though ?
i hear about it on reddit every year ... just an old saying when all the bankers went to the lake and parks ?
dont let a corporation steal your hard earned money !
you can even get sr tickets from deviant/elder dragon slay quests which do n't even cost tickets to enter .
just get all the chests and then return to lobby .
yes i love it and the chocker makes it even hotter
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains or is not a direct link to an image on an approved host .
note that all users using imgur need to link directly to the image i.imgur.com/abcdefg.png not the html page imgur.com/abcdefg .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
oh oh oh i got ta i got ta carry and uh and oops keeps mumbling
i may be wrong but i think it got patched at some point
the disease is religion itself not the people whom practice it .
yes it infects most if not everyone some more than others but you 'll find good religious people .
however more often than not they 're rotten to the core so just eradicate the disease .
i compare it to many a virus like covid .
it infects fast sometimes you do n't even notice it but some end up succumbing to it .
there is no need for it it serves no purpose other than its own .
you can take medicine to fight it vaccines to slow it down wear masks abide by rules but still the singe most effective way is to distance yourself from it .
i 'm an atheist as well by the way so not dissing one religion over another .
in any case what are religious people other than 99 atheists anyway ... they just need that gentle nudge or brain shot to get them to 100 .
is n't the plan for bayley to come back as a face again ?
the length some of you go into defending anyone specially big publishing org who is clearly is biased against bts and discrediting them is beyond me .
i 'm pretty pleased with it i do n't have a real industrial model m to compare it to but going by photos the color looks pretty similar .
if you want to have a sexual relationship with this guy then yes i 'd say you are bi .
if all 3 of you plan on being in a romantic relationship with each other as a whole yes that would make the relationship poliamorous .
hello 21 here looking for friends as well but i 'm quite introverted as a person if you 're alright with that you can send me a pm
i used to play the flute and so.ewhat know how to play piano
i wonder what this is on the bristol stool chart .
i 've been a happy user of this model for a couple of years panasonic nc-hu301pztw
it use to be a really really good site until it became a pussy rubbing competition ...
hopefully a new good site will feel in the gap
it will never be halloween 19 will always be at top no doubt since it 's being brought for 10m
dogecoin pumped as a fluke it was the original meme coin .
musk is n't going to save kishu shiba safemoon or any other platform .
in fact he 's not even batting an eye towards it .
twitter has their hand on their junk so hard as if he is .
a 10 quadrillion initially cap is about as effective as not even having one at all .
i bought it with the same hopes as everyone else .
before anyone says that bitcoin started as a meme not really .
i wish i took crypto seriously then but it became a thing i was fresh out of school with other things on my mind .
bitcoin paved the way to decentralize the market and compete against the dollar in the digital age .
with the exception of a few other tokens coins platforms the rest are lottery tickets in the guise of stockholding '' .
which crypto was never supposed to be in the first place .
so yes shame on me for buying in on the dream as well .
maybe it 's not the dev options but the regular advanced wifi settings for allowing mobile data while on wifi .
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/petitegonewild subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petitegonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
there is a lot of speciality equipment that still uses rs232 .
a mate of mine is an it manager for a hospital .
one of his biggest challenges is making sure older medical equipment can be connected to newer computers .
when a machine costs hundreds of thousands of dollars they do n't just dispose of it because a computer just stops working .
googling the name of potential hires is standard in literally every job i have ever held across 3 industries .
i liked the idea of the setup how they could use dares to slowly progress the interactions and how they could keep doing it in the scene
that 's true though i do n't think adding more pois is the solution .
i think it 's more that the design of current pois is flawed to such an extent that they do n't fulfill their purpose anymore .
pois are supposed to be high risk/high reward in such a way that landing there will give you a high chance of dying but if you do survive you 'll make it out with the best loot in the game .
if people are dropping in random spots on the map and getting the same loot as teams that get entire pois to themselves there 's something wrong with the pois .
i do n't think adding more named locations is the solution that 'd just allow 1 or 2 more teams to get in the same situation that we 're now in .
100 chest spawn should 100 be brought back though maybe it 'd be interesting to only have that spawnrate in the named locations to buff them .
places like pleasant also need a couple chests added to them .
honestly it does n't have to be a lot of work .
had to double-check 0:45 because i thought kelly oubre had a dyed goatee lmao .
i know people love her but she actually sucks imo .
tips from a survivor invest in a soft loose-fitting bra and give the gals a good massage now and then even when they 're not currently hurting .
i want my country to have america 's hard on for guns
that must be quite a good exchange for the troubles two ira harder
takes out verstappen in either t1 or t5 hamilton wins .
i 'm not from the us so no idea who this guy is but he was so enthusiastic on rampage i love him already
would love to take my mother to church in this thing
my mom told me to drink milky to grow tall
buy the one that fits you most of the time .
when you have too many players perhaps you need to arrange more tables or even play on the floor .
sure not ideal but better than inconveniencing yourself all the time .
a boxers only chance would be a quick ko but if the fight went past the first round the boxer would be pretty screwed .
your so-called client background '' consists of 7 job posts with a fraudulent location where you hired and failed to pay 1 person and wasted the time and the connects of all the rest .
i had a 3 piece suite with reclining chairs when i rented in france south africa and nigeria .
i do n't have any of these things living in the uk .
i could see claude being a good antagonist for edelgard 's fodlan due to his ! succession to the throne in almyra ! and their penchant for ! invading fodlan ! .
considering the fact that the empire ! struggles to defeat twsitd ! and is already suffering mass casualties and strife following the war claude could use that to his benefit to invade and take territory from the empire .
your post was removed because your title must start with an age tag like 20
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gaykik if you have any questions or concerns .
say hello and add a friendly comment to another user 's post on the sub while you wait for someone to comment on your post !
when someone contacts you review their profile before responding .
help us make this a better community by becoming familiar with the rules .
report any suspicious users to the mods of this subreddit using modmail here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere or reddit site admins here https www.reddit.com/report .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere if you have any questions or concerns .
but i feel like everyone else is giving it 10/10 .
i 'm sure theo is a black leopard oscar is a husky
we have seen enough posts what should have happened .
and it 's totally understandable that some are sad disappointed angry and so on .
and it 's simple for the one 's that are with us
believe we will all be on the moon someday .
let 's bring the positiveness back with fun educating and interesting posts !
you are all welcome to have some mooncoffee at my place..bringing your own spacesnacks is allowed !
common sense or not i will accept it as valid and act like its normal because i dont know whats normal and feel like the person who is saying the thing knows whether its normal or not and not me myself .
im not being careful of what im asking for .
please when will i ... just me being similar to my brother irks me to death .
please stop it i wish he fucking went to university abroad already .
no that would mean i would have to take all the responsibilities and be in charge .
please stop it please stop it please please please pleasep lease please i cant even do naything i cant do anything im so fucking worthless and disgusting looking at myself makes me irk in disgust and cringe i want to dismember my limbs and my face and chest and hair please just please just stop it please stop it please stop it please stop it why are you doing this to me my thighs my thighs theyre disgusting walking just walking makes me feel disgusting please help me i dont want to walk ugh no those blobs of flesh and meat please stop it no no no n no n o n on on o no no no no no no why are you doing this to me why my thighs im tired of being ridiculed by my mom please help me o matter how much i bring it down of course i was narccisistic since the start so thats why lowering me down wont help i always switch between sad and mad or both and i hate it so much just please be either one please stop confusing me please sotp it just sotp it please please please pleasep lease please
because sometimes we are so depressed and tried to abide by our parents so much so they force us to be their normal boy i am very/quite afraid they will force me on day to have ect to be back in shape of what is normal to my parents ..esp if they force me and have connections to doctors out there .
viking-doge just fair launched and is setting sail on a mission of conquest !  we are soon to be crypto 's 1 community driven token !
as we raid pillage and conquer all other meme-tokens with our diamond hands and diamond axes and share in the treasure and riches !
viking-doge was built to be a decentralized community-driven defi token .
the viking-doge team intends to ensure that every new member of the viking-doge army joins with equal opportunity by initiating a fair launch on pancakeswap with no pre-sale conducted .
decentralized contract ownership was renounced at launch as a result of this action no individual or entity has ownership of the contract making viking-doge secure and fair for our community and truly decentralized .
viking-doge was tested extensively using the testnet prior to launch to ensure absolute security and accuracy of function it was designed to be scalable self-sustaining and to scale seamlessly and frictionlessly on a fully autonomous and rapidly growing defi ecosystem .
auto liquidity generation every viking-doge transaction contributes to liquidity ensuring price stability sustainability and security to viking-doge holders .
this feature ensures that viking-doge is sustainable and scales as our community grows .
holders can also provide additional liquidity and earn interest as our market cap grows .
every member of the viking-doge army will be able to share in the bounties of our conquests !
viking-doge nft marketplace the viking-doge nft marketplace is currently in the planning and development phase and will be released as soon as it is ready .
we will be working garner a roster of the best digital artists influencers celebrities and athletes to have an all-star lineup of nft releases at launch .
the nft releases would also be paired with merchandise to add further value to our marketplace offerings .
airdrops will also be going out to our top holders .
as our community and influence grows we intend to use this influence to set up a fully transparent charity wallet to which the viking-doge army can share the bounties of our conquest !
100 of proceeds will then be donated to foodbanks and unicef children 's education fund .
the team is very passionate about this planned initiative as we believe education is the key to improving the quality of lives of our global community !
i do n't understand that notion at all she can be a good roamer she has a huge damage ult that does n't really scale with items good mobility and stun .
then again she has her first skill and all of the above first skill reminds me very much of ember sleight of fist it hits multiple times can damage same hero multiple times scales with her attacks and is one of the best contenders for mjollnir .
she has the whole set to be a very good mid hero harass control farming tool high damage and low cooldown ult that can scale with proper items she benefits from eblade a lot especially being agility hero .
her last hit game is quite potent and she is ranged with a tool to slightly counter enemy harass and escape gangs .
she has everything the good middle hero needs so why does everyone always play her as support/roamer ?
she needs some items to actually realize the full potential of her skills like rod of atos/eul for the guaranteed ult some damage items/lance and mjollnir for her 1 skill eblade is superb on her .
2 01:00 just chopping cutting some grass round heah ramonrtj ramonrtj 0.005639999999999999 twitch_clips_discovery click https www.twitch.tv/ramonrtj/v/no_vod ? t=452714h14m32s
1 00:00 2021-08-27 08:50:26.010000 version '' 3/22/2021 '' clip_volume '' 0.04257887537003131 final volume 0.042169883241257644 '' found '' no category folder '' stillness '' 0.77 fps '' 60.0 30 '' resize '' 1920,1080 1280 720 '' lower_3rd_dur '' 44 chat_objs '' 2 top_emotes '' d '' 1 o '' 1 add_texts '' added texts 'respirez tout va bien !
' ' curator newbee78 ' '' duration_subtract '' 0.05 elapsed_secs '' 51 10 06:07 2021-08-27 08:50:43.749000 version '' 3/22/2021 '' clip_volume '' 0.06058070678701092 final volume 0.037513433102316876 '' found '' no category folder '' stillness '' 0.65 fps '' 60.0 30 '' resize '' 1920,1080 1280 720 '' volume_changed '' 23.4 1.6 multiplier 1.36 '' lower_3rd_dur '' 22 chat_objs '' 23 top_emotes '' kaligocoin '' 1 d '' 1 seemsgood '' 1 add_texts '' added texts ' curator foolyloaded ' '' duration_subtract '' 0.05 elapsed_secs '' 56 11 06:36 2021-08-28 08:22:40.092000 version '' 3/22/2021 '' clip_volume '' 0.024285219483519783 final volume 0.030350621716979366 '' found '' no category folder '' stillness '' 0.5 fps '' 60.0 30 '' resize '' 1920,1080 1280 720 '' volume_changed '' 29.8 8.0 multiplier 1.15 '' lower_3rd_dur '' 36 chat_objs '' 14 top_emotes '' lul '' 1 wutface '' 1 theedu5what '' 1 add_texts '' added texts ' curator gloomshot v2.2 ' '' duration_subtract '' 0.05 elapsed_secs '' 101
i 'm only new to reddit and would love to chat to some lovely ladies .
i 'm sandra 52 chubby brown hair and eyes bi and am only after girl 's .
would love to chat swap sex stories and flirt .
from 1991-1998 the league had 10 teams with a overall winning percentage under 40.0 .
including 4 teams under a .31.6 winning percentage overall .
from 2004-2021 the league had 2 teams with an overall winning percentage under .400 with the worst team having an overall .37.9 winning percentage minnesota .
this league is so filtered and watered down we can beat anybody with our eyes closed pretty much ''
charles barkley and larry bird have expressed comparable sentiments about the way the league has thinned out bird even used the jazz as an example and people in the jazz camp have a hard time disagreeing .
you look at the overall picture it is diluted to some extent '' said jazz coach jerry sloan whose team is in los angeles preparing to meet the lakers on friday night .
you can get by with three great players on a team and have a chance to win it all .
before you had to have four or five great players and some good players around them . ''
i ca n't remember much but here are a few details
harry is female in this fic i think her name was harley
i think harry got killed early on an is teleported/reincarnated into fullmetal alchemists world she meets greed and he decides to take care of her .
christmas at the burrow i expect this to be available this christmas season
so i stopped playing for 2 years and started to play once again from this march .
i wrote to jc to enable them back automatically but darn it.. they told me to save pages and buy them whenever they shop up on the memory book .
i do n't have enough pages to buy all of the 4 christmas seasonal tlsqs .
seems like i am gon na miss them this year too .. 
i have so far completed second quidditch cup alone .
desperately waiting for christmas at the burrowand gift of gratitude
duelling deathday parties tlsq triggered today amidst the vampire dorm set crests event i 'm struggling to choose which one to pursue !
update dec 3 2021 completed magical creatures everywhere tlsq from memory book
update dec 6 2021 completed christmas at the burrow tlsq .
does anyone know whether we will get gift of gratitude tlsq trigger this year ?
update dec 26 2021 completed gift of gratitude tlsq .
i really hope making mischief tlsq is released soon !
that 's the only pending tlsq in my achievements list now !
update jan 27 2022 finally making mischief tlsq triggered and i have finished it .
which means i have mastered all the tlsqs ever released by jc !
if i come to u.s or europe will i have a chance to sleep and make love with cute and sexy guys ? i 'm from southeast asia and i 've never been in relationship and have some not-so-good expriences and i 'm 6'2 '' medium skin tone bit of a twink and everyone says i look like a straight man .
i m22 got a new flat and will go there for the first njght this thursday .
i 'm excited because now i live alone and can practice my nude lifestyle a lot .
i know i will be horny as hell most of the time so you might see my posts here more often haha .
is it possible to bring back the original chopper heavy handle position ?
i 'm aware of her blog updates and her current circumstances that caused her to fall behind on orders which i understand and sympathize with .
i made an order late april and her most recent blog post made in late june says she was about two months behind on orders .
it 's now 4 months later since i ordered and i was unable to get a reply from her on discord which is her preferred contact method .
has anyone else had any response or arrival of orders ?
i 'm really wondering just to know that my order did n't get overlooked or lost or something
this is a rant but i 'm open for advice ...
long story short i 've only been in the navy since feb21 and in boot .
i had constipation in the beginning but it was a normal '' issue most recruits get .
i was fine after the treatment ... then i got covid .
after that i had some issues but nothing awful .
i graduated june 4th started school and had some minor constipation issues that were treated but it did n't help like last time .
since then i 've been to the er as the pain was so bad had a ct scan stool tests blood tests everything is normal .
the gi dr diagnosed me with ibs mixed and said it was a long term effect of covid .
in the past couple of months it 's progressed to where i 'm in pain almost every day sometimes so bad i ca n't move for a little while and the meds they prescribed did n't help .
i 've gone to counseling but my counselor is more concerned about my getting through a school than my feeling depressed and stressed out about the very real possibility of getting medically separated .
i 'm also needing advice on dealing with this in general .
my friend want to know if it 's safe to use a bot account so if you know if it 's a risk it would be nice to know in advance thx .
the name danse macabre '' comes from the little danse the lasers make when they shred through asteroids .
it is outfitted with 2 mining lasers 2 collectors 48 crates and 24 triangle thrusters .
pattern collision lights moving from red front to back and then purple on the sides .
this is to tell the asteroids to move out of your way .
folding unfolding arms at the press of a button .
6 spare fuel rods in the back but to be honest they 're mostly to look like pretend thrusters .
a headlight for those lonely asteroid mining nights in the dark .
comes with an engine efficiency yolol by default as well as an eps button to turn the generators to 100 while mining .
a danse button to make the lasers start moving .
a warp durability of 1.66 when filled it 's true.
did i mention it comes with a cat song and 4 speakers ?
kinda looks like a squid as well https preview.redd.it/kexuf8o0zdk71.png ? width=2105 format=png auto=webp v=enabled s=fe2c70b87839be9d2d56a6e04644fe951a0ed26f
you 'll never guess what the red button does !
updated control panel with now added turtle mode and '' danse '' button lasers will now be static by default and move when '' danse '' is on https preview.redd.it/d3wm4qmqufk71.png ? width=1364 format=png auto=webp v=enabled s=f80170c76bd63d226f80ff28b730cb6ac3226e49
okay so the obvious issue with vr is that not enough games support it .
this game is already beautiful why not just take the portion of your dev team and make vr controllable hands and a vr control scheme ?
it pains me to see such an absolutely stunning game world wasted in the vr space .
please everyone we need to pout like toddlers in target when they 're denied a hotwheels toy at the checkout lane !
honestly the concept does not look as good as the real plush for every fundy plush
something about it is just better as a real plush
we are currently looking at ways to try to extend the wayward craft fair experience to our brethren on consoles .
this is something that we have bandied about for a while now since our next event on pc will be our tenth we thought it was time to pull the trigger .
to that end we are looking for 2-3 volunteers to form core groups for both xbox and playstation environments that will work with us to host wcf events on all 3 platforms in tandem .
please note if you are already familiar with the event from other reddit forums there are some new changes taking effect .
going forward after this next event we will be moving from a weekly to a bi-weekly schedule and moving our hours of operation to 11am-2pm est to better accommodate our european friends .
our last weekly event will be this coming sunday sept 4th .
after that the bi-weekly schedule takes effect and the next event will be on sept 18th .
if interested please post below and share your platform of choice someone will contact you via direct message to speak further .
so i have 7 halos i currently have 5mil diamonds left .
should i buy another high tier or sell all my halos and buy season/holiday halos for each holiday and or season ?
or continue to try and buy mid/low tier halos ?
i just got the results of my mri and i do n't have a tumor unless it 's so small that it did n't show up on the mri ?
my dr is deciding to treat my hyperprolactinemia by putting me on .5mg of cab that i cut in half and take half a pill 2x a week .
has anyone been put on cab that did n't have a prolactinoma ?
i 'm also wondering if i will have to be on this for the long haul ?
so many questions but no one else i know has dealt with any of this .
walt i do n't know man you 've been seeming sus lately .
it 's almost like we have an imposter among us .
i saw that you wanted do n't lie to me walt !
hey arthur don william uhhhh also goes by aj .
it 's been 10 years since the scouts first donned their magical personas .
all having grown up and filled out into very lovely grown women .
they 've been fighting evil this whole time but a new threat has shown up in tokyo now .
men have begun raping women more and more worse than usual .
the scouts get to work on getting to the bottom of it finding the dark source of this evil .
this is where i would like to start here at the source multitudes of men are being kept to drive their sex urges up more and make them hornier and more violent and seeing these beautiful women pushes them over the edge .
the scouts get beaten fucked and if you 're into it snuffed and ripped apart .
i think some fun kinks for this would be lots of cum gangbangs non-con snuff guro and lots of other stuff too !
my only limit is scat so we can go wild !
just picked up a used vitamix c-series base and bought this container and there seems to be like an inch of space between the inner wall of the base and the rubber nubs .
i can spin the container maybe 5  hard to tell .
all the videos ive watched seem to show the container on pretty tight .
mine is how mike always is looking to do whatever he has to do to benefit his kids and make them not have to be bothered by problems he can deal with
a couple of weeks back i finished my build with the following specs
a previously owned sonnet tech pcie x16 raid with 4x2tb drives .
this is around 3 years old but maintained very well .
ram is at 3200mhz with 1.35v and auto latencies .
i could n't get docp to work but that 's ok for now .
i have run almost every possible stability test for hours and the system is perfectly stable .
besides have played a few hours of gaming and also edited 4 projects in davinci and capture one .
today i ran dxo pure raw on some of my images with their deep prime ai tech .
i also ran cinebench along with heaven bench simultaneously for an hour .
i do n't think it is as it runs fine on the heaviest of tasks like p95 .
the dxo guys do n't seem to know of such an issue .
i am in my final semester of my program and we are required to do a set number of nclex questions before each exam .
our exams only contain higher level questions such as analysis/synthesis/evaluation .
we are also covering very specific subject areas in critical care .
i would like to focus on nclex questions that will be as close to what will be on my exam as possible .
does anyone know of any nclex resources that allow you to select question difficulty level as well as the subject area ?
i have quite a few books with online testbanks but none of them are quite what i need .
i am really looking for a resource that will let me do subject focused questions .
i do not have uworld and was planning to wait until i was a little closer to graduation before purchasing it since it is so expensive but if it has the features i am looking for i would definitely purchase it now .
i am just not familiar with its setup ... so if anyone knows more about it i would love some insight .
i feel healthier when i do n't take trazadone or seroquel and sleep normally .
but when i do n't take them and do n't sleep well it causes problems in my life .
i actually think though that getting used to sleeping pills has caused me bigger problems in the long run .
i have good sleep hygiene but i am traveling right now and am a bit disoriented .
do i try and adapt or give in and take trazadone again ?
i am confused about the grey area between these two things .
what are people 's experiences mastering sleep to maintain mood ?
i have a 2017 shield i use downstairs on my plasma tv my 2019 shield is on my 4ktv .
went down today and got nothing but a black screen .
i power cycled it and the nvidia logo comes right up and then it goes to a black .
i can here sound when i use the remote but no picture .
i found some info on the web that said to put the shield into fast boot and then either boot from there or do a factory reset if necessary .
i hooked up my controller but it was unresponsive .
i hold down the a and b keys and plug in power and the fast boot menu appears for about half a second ... i have tried releasing the a and b keys about 50 times now but the menu just goes away instantly and the shield reboots .
how the can i get this thing into fast boot mode ?
some may or may not be cib message for photos looking for switch games such as animal crossing nh and others .
i 'm also willing to ship to the us .
looking for someone to add a ammo thing to a wire turret .
i have the base built so all i need is an ammo system .
it 's a gatling gun so i prefer ar2 ammo with 20 amounts
plz advices gmgow im asking for every night for each valkyrie every night lol
the thing i 'm most sad did n't make it to the movies is harry 's monologue in the end where he sums up the whole plot before an unknowingly voldemort who has n't seen what harry has seen .
i get that they wanted it more action like for the movies but for true harry potter fans i believe the monologue spoken out loud by daniel radcliffe could have left us breathless .
the tension of the scene when you read it is so amazing .
it 's such an incredible piece of literature and it really saddens me that it is n't appreciated in the movies .
i was watching steins gate translations for japanese text are missing .
in steins gate the characters sent messages to each other but those messages are written in japanese which i ca n't read .
if i watch steins gate in any other websites like gogoanime they provide translations for these japanese text but in zoro there is no translations for japanese text they only translates the conversation between characters .
your name also has the same problem japanese text are not translated .
so if the text are translated then it would be easier to understand the story .
i can sync splice samples to my mpc live ii firmware 2.10 no probs .
it syncs the samples to internal or external splice as flac files .
from there i can not audition these samples and if i use the samples in a beat they also dont play can not hear anything .
ps i tried with wav samples from internal expansions the vault 2 and they audition fine and also play properly when used in a beat
hello everyone i apologize for my english google when i was 13 back in 2003 this wallpaper appeared .
i always wanted to find out the coordinates or see modern photos of this place !
thank you for your attention and have a nice day !
anyone know places to get genuine replacement batteries for msi laptops ?
my gs73 stealth 8re is 2 years old and battery is cooked has had a number of run hot issues found in numerous other threads .
hindi po ba requirement para sa recon ay dapat first choice niyo po yung uplb ?
kaya po marami ring hindi na nagtry dahi nasa second choice po nila tapos po ngayon may nabalitaan po kami na nakapasa at second choice ang uplb .
sana hindi na po pinost ng uplb ung inforgraphic kasi hindi rin naman nasunod shhshshshs
my gray and red clothing smell absolutely awful after being run through the wash the clothes they were washed with smell fine and dont even have a trace of this horrible odor that ive never smelled before .
the affected clothes only smell bad in concentrated spots and do n't smell on other parts of the infected clothes two identical socks both gray and black were washed together and we 're touching when pulled from the hamper emerged with one sock smelling awful and the other smelling clean
red clothing was also infected with similar properties to the gray and a few pieces of black clothing smelled bad as well
blue dyed shirts were completely unaffected and only 1 pair of underwear emerged bad smelling red polyester
cause everyone seems to either hate it or love it and it 's so expensiveeee
after many unsuccessful attempts i 've killed crate of entertainment at last with my own build .
then i proceeded to torture myself even more by trying to get the wilhelm amulet and after 5-6 kills with many deaths in between i finally got it .
i will admit i used grim internals to teleport to the fiery area before the boss because the running there became too annoying .
i know that the easiest way to kill him is with pets or high health regen but i could n't be bothered with farming gear and changing all my skills .
and i do n't enjoy playing alts i like to perfect my main character as much as possible and collect/explore everything .
i 'm happy to say that i will probably never fight him again .
and this was my build i used except i had the simple teleport augment to minimize killing crates for my medal and not the leap with fumble .
on friday i had an offer of 1 month pro membership for 1 and it would end in 5 days .
do you know how can i get the offer again since it has only passed 3 days ?
due to having money in multiple places what are the best apps/programs to use to track my spending/value of assets ?
i 'm with commbank simply just for the ease of use with the spending tracker so i know where my money is
but i 'm jumping between 3-5 apps a day to check my money and where my investments are at .
are there any recommended apps that can put this all in one place ?
everyone is having a fab time except for me i 'm doing all the background work and i 'm just done .
i did all the packing driving organising scrubbed down our holiday let when we got there while everyone enjoyed the park .
i 've spent most of this vacation cleaning cooking looking after kids .
no one has been considerate to me or thought of me in whether i 'd like to have some fun at all .
i 've been looking through the photos and there is n't even any with me in because i 've been taking them all i might as well not be here .
my towel gets used my favourite foods i packed for myself get eaten and get about 2 hours sleep a night as i 'm on the most uncomfortable bed .
today i woke up and husband had drank the last of the coffee and had not left me any .
i usually have to have 2 to wake myself up i went off on him and shouted about not having anything to myself and got really angry .
i feel a bit bad for going off on one really as he seemed a bit clueless .
i do n't know if i 'm overeacting am i a selfish ass ?
on the daily chart the fifth wave of the higher level 5 develops within which the wave 3 of 5 formed and a local correction developed as the fourth wave 4 of 5 .
now the formation of the fifth wave 5 of 5 has started within which the first wave of the lower level i of 5 is developing .
if the assumption is correct the price will grow to the levels of 593.60615.00 .
in this scenario critical stop loss level is 514.99 .
long positions will become relevant during the correction above the level of 514.99 with the targets at 593.60615.00 .
the breakdown and the consolidation of the price below the level of 514.99 will let the price go down to the levels of 478.50450.95 .
can someone help me retrieving more info about this bulova watch https imgur.com/a/hjjkxfh my grandma has ?
the only thing i got from the back of the case and the dial is that it should be a p2 model quartz movement .
but then online i 'm not able to find anything else not even the exact model this is .
hi i was just wondering if anybody knew how to have an expressionless face especially when ur nervous or under a lot of stress ?
i just need to know how to look like i 'm appear calm and cool when i 'm really not .
there are a number of threads/posts scattered around that theorize on why the archons or whatever being or omnipresence that gives out visions give their respective elemental vision to their owners .
for example something like this https www.reddit.com/r/genshin_lore/comments/o2cj4z/criteria_for_a_vision_from_the_words_of_the ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf may be worth a peruse .
ours us are around 3 2.18 a gallon right now .
nothing beats ff orbs but to be honest i never use orb skins .
nahhh round of cement mixers and bar shots on the house
you should be telling yourself that maybe you 'll come out more educated and how the real world works
you could always use some acetone on a q-tip or something
did n't realise that you were also watching tv that 's actually really important .
but i do still recommend not limiting yourself to nouns and verbs .
depending on how much time you 're willing to spend daily with the srs i 'd recommend increasing the amount of words you study to 10-15 words regardless of word class and if your daily reviews get out of control you can always stop adding words for a bit while still watching shows .
jhn 5:24 kjv 24 verily verily i say unto you he that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life and shall not come into condemnation but is passed from death unto life .
the verses says he that believeth hath everlasting life .
it does n't say might have '' or could have '' because it says hath '' everlasting life .
you are trying to interpret the bible with the more difficult bible passages instead of the clear bible passages .
i make a motion for the moderators to ban those teaching your error .
i would n't doubt it i 've actually met a few ppl from this sub and other subs that include mike and anal that actually told me they had autism .
i 've become a good internet friend with one of em too
ca n't be in first slot ca n't be to the right of muscle band .
so if you 're using muscle band as well the scope lens has to be in middle slot with muscle band to the right .
as long as it passes a ppi like any car .
it 'll suck gas and probably not ride as comfortably as the cr-v but other than that it 's a solid suv and solid 4runner alternative for those who venture off-pavement .
twitter has started nagging you to log in too .
it seems to be cookied so you can evade it with private browsing mode .
wow i love it want to have fun with my 8 inches cock ?
boost your confidence and that leads to some lady friends .
could even try an escort if you are of age and just in it for the experience .
fn trigger is absolutely terrible i like the sig trigger a lot more but i 'm thinking of upgrading it to the flat trigger !
now they have a much bigger and improved bar to shill .
ari looks just like liza minnelli with her little curl of hair near her ear .
we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
pregnancy is one of the top risk categories for severe covid in part because of of altered immune response and also because of the propensity for coagulation issues .
if you get offended by this shit you sound miserable .
swift will probably hire him he 's already done his career worst accident .
nothing from swift will cost the as much as that one windmill blade
i had narcolepsy '' after the modern vaccine for about two days .
he let you go just for a 2 week gap ?
no offense but in this market he should be drowning in work .
maybe he does n't gel with you or something like that ?
because when netflix changes stuff you get shit like bleach fma and death note .
all adaptations that failed massively and whose creators despised the source material only wanting the from nostalgic fans .
i was born in a country with socialized medicine and moved to the us in 98 .
you know how many employees i 've seen ignore a health issue because they have to pay a deductible ?
so excuse the eff out of me that i do n't buy into the american delusion of greatness .
this is a stupid country filled with arrogant and ignorant people who think you know better because you 've been raised to believe murica .
i 'll stay right here and vote my conscious and give zero effs what the people who say inject horse paste and masks are evil have to say .
there 's one side that objects to abortion 's because they want to control other peoples bodies but do n't think they should have to wear a mask or get a vaccination during a global pandemic .
they recite the lord and their right to freedumb as their reasons .
then there 's the other side who are still wearing masks and vaccinated .
and still ca n't get a hospital bed because the unvaxxed aholes keep clogging up hospital beds .
there 's one side who complains about blm and another side fighting for the rights of everyone .
she broke up with him so he moved on and slept with a cute chick and now evelyn wants to marry him ? ! ! ?
corey is such a dumbass goofball that he accidentally used redpill tactics lol .
the federation only did n't lose '' the dominion war because the founders wanted a cure to section 31 's poison more than they wanted the alpha quadrant .
if you want to be a serious welder get a serious unit .
unless you are running stick you need a 300 amp machine imo
yeah this just happened in my 3 man game .
please if you think you are smarter than thou at least use stats by age group .
this is a pandemic of the obese and elderly primarily
what do you consider a reasonable number of exceptions ?
if at least 30 of your data set goes against your hypothesis which in this instance is that players who make a lot of errors are bad defenders do you think that proves your hypothesis ?
i did n't say power creep the current meta into oblivion .
ganyu should n't be obsolete but she also should n't be the nigh-undisputed top dps for the next 3 years either .
the same goes for a large portion of the current meta .
i guess now i need to go back home and get my katadyn hiking filter
i never did but that would be a great idea to have for later in life .
you never know when you may need something for inspiration or to remember why you 're doing this .
it could also be really cool to show your kids or grandkids .
shit why did united states military lose the afghanistan united states is down powerful .
just so you 're aware we have a bunch of megathreads that may be helpful if you have questions or want to find the right place to post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cyberpunkgame if you have any questions or concerns .
rearise is the loading screens simulator with a bit of game ?
that 's how i feel about the unstructured nature of wfh now .
exactly the only reason the jougan looks unimpressive right now is because boruto ca n't use it properly .
the fact that toneri was very specific in doing something to awaken it and when momo saw his eye when he tried to rush him with a rasengan he had a shocked look on his face .
also we know from the manga that whatever the fuck that multi eyed god is .
so while in ability it may not seem much its origins say different
u/babyraspberry thank you for making the 2k flair postcard !
i love it and as always your handwriting is amazing .
u/necropolis x4 i love getting these envelopes of goodies from you .
i ca n't wait to use the paper you sent for my envelope art .
if we mailed a return and call them can they actually expedite the process ?
i mailed mine in 3 weeks ago i need my account adjusted urgently but i was worried it was sitting in an envelope somewhere still ...
i spent a little time thinking about it and i am organizing my list from cheapest/easiest to things that take more effort .
get the loose lumps of concrete off the front lawn .
just to the top of the stairs put two large clay potters with good size tiny box woods in them .
this will be a little expensive but quick and easy .
the obvious thing that stands out is the wood planks on the second story .
this gives some undeniable charm but also adds to the extreme symmetry which adds to the two apartment look .
i have some ideas not sure if i like them or not but the easiest and quickest change would be to paint the planks .
maybe another color maybe the same but the sun has taken a toll on them which adds to the apartment look and a new paint job would do wonders .
i hear fancy gutters are not as expensive as you think .
i think there is something that can be done with the balconies but it would require some money .
well i 'm not positive because the drivers are a bit different but of the three s2 that one can sustain high for a good 5 minutes before it gets warm .
i have n't sliced one yet but that will be my next project because for as much as i like them there is just something about them that does n't feel real either .
i ca n't describe it but it 's almost like it makes things cloudy .
and even though it is lighting up everything around you it 's like things are n't bright enough because there 's this haze in the scene .
i 'm hoping slicing them removes the haze if so they 'll easily be my favorite emitter because the output is too good .
no you 're thinking of red the one where he has sex with satan and says he wants to kill his mom
i had to make a sign for our recycle bin because some jerk kept doing this to us .
well i 'd have to disagree and say that moving over except when avoiding an accident should not be standard practice .
whether you have the room or space to move over you should maintain your lane people need to relearn proper merge procedure .
i recently learned that my cousin has a couple of pet rats and apparently their body odor is ... potent
reading through most comments this happens in most counties sadly
i had a breakdown at work today over mgmt contradicting ond another and expecting me to do 3 ppls jobs .
i already work efficiently and have 3 service counters i take care of ...
i 'm seriously thinking of promoting to customer ... 
you ca n't abolish private property enforce economic cooperation and redistribute wealth with the one organization with a monopoly on violence .
especially since you 're drilling incorrect techniques for hours maybe even days of playtime from the beginning of the game .
combat dummies are a good tool but the game should do more to teach it 's mechanics .
just give it up kiddo bloodwing has all the elements at her disposal !
you do still sympathize with the authority of the state you do still support requiring state issued hall passes for people to exercise their freedoms of movement and association .
you 've given up your closed border position for a libertarian one with the last week or so .
if it 's 2 that 's great to hear .
it it 's 1 well you just said you want nothing to do with yourself .
your post has been automatically removed because you have made more than one highlight/video post within 24 hours .
you can find more info here changes to the subreddit and survey results community spotlights meme saturday gameplay clip limits https www.reddit.com/r/rocketleague/comments/daup94/changes_to_the_subreddit_and_survey_results
if you feel that this was done by mistake message the subreddit moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frocketleague subject=saltie 20bot 20removed 20post
they went really heavy on the oregano which kind of drowned out the pineapple though still delightful
iirc he 's the only person to have been published in every main category of the dewey decimal system or something like that .
if you pay attention to when yoshizawa comes to leblanc after finishing the 6th palace you 'll see that yoshizawa gets right up into joker 's personal space in a way that someone who thought of him platonically would not .
every time she sees him it 's either her complimenting him or her thanking him for helping her with insert problem here or both .
she just does n't constantly state out loud how much she likes joker like rise does with yu .
it does n't help that she has no other friends so everything she does revolves around joker .
gas pumps pretty much do n't require workers at all except that some people need to use cash .
if they could mandate cashless pumps only after a certain point those workers could evacuate also .
the state could make it part of the evacuation infrastructure .
i no longer will date someone if they dont have a hobby .
last 2 girlfriends i had i break it off with because they 'd expect me to drop whatever i was doing to talk to them constantly .
i was the bad guy if i wanted to game or play one of my instruments .
i could spend a whole day with them and then when i got home would be expected to constantly talk with them .
obviously giving your so attention is important because you know the bare minimum is good .
but when they do n't let you enjoy what you love to do thats a massive red flag .
i totally get it and to an extent that 's true you 'll lose your optimism failing a lot .
be careful is all i can say not all women are equal some will crush your will to live .
it 's spelled bourbon and i think it would be funny if there was n't a natural disaster going on and the anniversary of katrina .
saying liberals are people who vote for liberals does n't answer what it means to be liberal .
given we have n't gotten anywhere towards defining what you mean by conservative it makes me wonder why do you even care about it ?
and after waffle house food the shit gon na hit the toilet .
a surprise volley of kmb and skorcha fire followed by no less than three rerollable 9 '' charges from your backfield is nothing to laugh at .
unless you 're the one controlling them in which case you should spend that whole turn cackling like the joker .
the one that stands up and stands down when least expected
30 runs against private beans and i got nothing .
taking a stroll through the ambermire once doing a tvhm playthrough for my amara and i got one without even trying lol .
i 've basically just been running a shlooter artifact the entire time and it paid off in spades .
just though i should come back and give you a little vindication that you were right .
he sold a flame thrower to a pregnant lady but i am his best customer and ca n't get one ?
as neighbours go they are n't tearing apart bicycles and selling meth so all good .
it 's crazy how much you can love a lizard .
run qb draws exclusively with jimmy really throw the defense off
if you 'd read more you 'd know that an early stillbirth is 20-27 weeks a late stillbirth is 28-36 weeks and a term stillbirth is when baby dies during labor and delivery .
anyone who 's followed h3 for longer than the podcast knows a lot of the clickbait it intentionally ironic because they built a whole career off memeing on shit like that like that 's always been a bit of theirs .
well we 've had 1 ten win season in my lifetime and we fired the coach the next year after going 7-5 i have my doubts that they have to brain trust to hire the right coach and give them time
i 've never seen rangers do that but i 've seen them clear a campsite of everything that was left out by campers then leave a note to see the ranger and a hefty ticket 2000 at one site and 500 at another .
i 'm glad they for the patrolling they do .
literally no matter what context there is this is an unhealthy and shitty way to deal with your relationship problems it 's either she 's problematic or both of them are .
the delta variant is causing more and more breakthrough infections and you could spread covid if you get it before symptoms even show up .
remember i would take out my tiny debit card or some bs when she started dating aleek .
both my s/o and i were baptized as little babies .
we have a 4 month old son and the topic of baptism came up .
i was planning on doing it for the babies grandparents although his dad and i are n't religious at all .
this includes the roman catholic church the orthodox catholic eastern orthodox '' church the oriental orthodox churches lutherans anglicans/episcopalians methodists the reformed/calvinist churches presbyterian dutch reformed etc and others .
evangelicals who are not a unified group tend to do adult baptism .
i just do n't get what happened to him .
you can set it aside for 3 days or spray it w lysol if you 're concerned about someone unvaccinated or immunocompromised
oh man back when you warframe abilities were customizable mods .
you know that there 's nothing wrong to ask an answer from a fellow filipino .
yes i have internet but i want the answers that came from my fellow countrymen .
maybe we can have demon hunter class with old talent tree system ?
i heard blizzard planned demon hunter for tbc but cancelled due to technical problem
true ... true ... and with a mini ... in any significant wind it is going to bob .
considering the neurophysiological facts of having been conditioned https www.psychologytoday.com/blog/fixing-psychology/201402/explaining-behaviorism-operant-classical-conditioning in-doctrine-ated in struct https www.google.com/search ? q=social+construction+of+reality+sociology ed imprinted https link.springer.com/referenceworkentry/10.1007 2f978-3-540-29678-2_3784 socialized https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialization habituated and normalized https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/normalization sociology to codependent beliefs and behaviors there 's a pile of evidence to suggest that even after years of professional treatment and involvement in such as codependents anonymous the neural networks of cognition https www.google.com/search ? client=avast-a-2 q=neural+network+of+cognition in the human brain that underlay codependency will always be there ... albeit in less density and with fewer alternative circuits than would be the case if one went untreated .
i had major relapses at 15 and 24 years into coda recovery .
but my overall trend line is definitely up '' after the second one ... because i got into some serious 10th and 11th step work using choiceless awareness for emotion processing https pairadocks.blogspot.com/2019/07/choiceless-awareness-for-emotion.html and pretty much everything else .
and what do you think the outcome will be ?
cps will waste their time and resources investigating a bogus claim .
my sister is n't forcing her son to use his crutches '' .
i despise when people abuse agencies meant to help .
every false and petty call you make takes away from someone in actual danger .
we will remember you for your actions this night as you leave your mark behind .
izzy could have 1 hand tied behind his back and paul could have a bat .
he is asking if you are in a union job unions are still pretty common in the electrical trade
what did you fuck up that you would n't have if you read the manual ?
yea that does make a bit more sense but his response assuming the correct quote is it 's covid mate and it 's private is still a bit random like is it covid or is it private you ca n't say both .
either he 's contradicting himself or he 's saying it 's private and then implying to the reporter that he/she should n't tell anyone that it was covid .
i consider each scene on metropolis part 2 one song because on the back of the cd cover each scene has 1 track length
or like six degrees is split into 8 tracks but i consider it one song
and i consider the hidden tracks on octavarium to be their own songs which makes the hidden track between the answer lies within and these walls the shortest at around 7 seconds
i 've loved you since 4th grade it wo n't change now !
mentaro improved the most during arc 2 he probably is s by now
the point was n't about safety gear though you 're right it does n't exactly equate the point is about encouraging showing up with proper equipment for a sport that fits its style sneakers protect your feet but are n't good for soccer .
also the difference is n't about old vs new like your clubs example or expensive shiny vs wally world bargain bin like your boat example it 's about proper setup vs improper setup .
a poor old maverick 88 with 28 '' barrel is more proper than a 1500 bullpup 18.5 '' barrel shotgun .
but also it could be the range had prior problems with new people showing with bullpups or whatever and causing trouble so they blanket banned a section of guns that are n't objectively meant for the sport anyway which does suck for those who are safe .
see this comment from an rso https www.reddit.com/r/shotguns/comments/pdxmnb/new\_sporting\_clays\_setup/havc4y6 ? context=3 https www.reddit.com/r/shotguns/comments/pdxmnb/new_sporting_clays_setup/havc4y6 ? context=3
like i said i do n't care and want the max amount of people out there but i understand it is n't completely just fudds '' raging about that young whippersnapper with that there spacegun . ''
you 'll find that with a lot of seemingly odd range rules there were some underlying reasons other than stupidity ... .though i 'm sure some might just be out of spite .
ammo jerky booze pretty much anything that will be nice for a short period then disappear .
yesterday i did n't paired with anyone and had to play 2v2 tournament all by myself
bezos turned the money his parents gave him let 's say 2 million into a company that generates 100 billion a year .
if it was so easy i wonder why everyone with rich parents is n't doing it
you never know when you 'll spice things up a bit .
please for the love of god do n't consider jaw surgery because someone on reddit said so .
it is incredibly intense and without a proper x-ray/ct scan and evaluation from a maxillofacial facial surgeon you ca n't tell .
i would try filler to see if you like how it looks .
then you can always do a genioplasty or implant .
i was always told that cabron is very offensive in the caribbean .
anytime there was a covid leave nothing was said about it and when we have had covid positives in the store the store was never closed down to deep clean '' out sm does not like losing money all for the glorious bonus
i just saw him at the macy 's day parade last year .
i 'd be more than happy to take coffee dripper .
if you ever get that face again and happen to also get the golden idol .
also works super well with hand of greed ceramic fish maw bank etc
try to hang it lower than the authentic civil war confederate flag so you do n't offend anyone .
i came to the game from skyrim and after making a nord warrior i walked into some random bandit cave and got my ass handed to me thinking i could just button-mash my way to victory .
partly yes he is n't allowed to come back into nsw while parliament is sitting because then he will have to do 2 weeks quarantine in canberra and unable to go to parliament .
secondly he does have a home both his family home and kirribilli lodge so he would 've been in sydney but since the state is in charge of health and they get to say what the restrictions are .
he has provided military help and the state government is using them .
plus he has had a number of press conferences over the past couple weeks they are n't the state ones because he is in the capital as parliament is currently sitting
and yes reading this sub you wo n't see anything positive he is doing
shoulder width is all genetics no amount of gear would change that .
i feel exactly the same and have felt a bit crazy so now im also feeling validated not the only one .
i have not personally had someone pass over zoom but know people who have and it rips my f heart out .
also the impact covid has on whole health care system ... . friend 's father has cancer and c treatment delayed .
i went through cancer and my husband could n't accompany to many things including my surgery .
so f those people and the antivaxxers ! ! !
the anti mask are also anti vax ... .if i went immune compromised and for those in my boat i 'd say let them rot but they affect us ! ! !
so we depend on them ... wish they 'd move to nowhere island .
what made you stay for so long in the relationship ?
so you make a sweeping statement about the 'core of attraction ' for sex offenders .
then when called out you clarify that you are actually commenting on a very specific thing that 'need for control ' .
then you provide a quote that talks about neither of those things .
'difficulty in dealing with their sexual needs in a healthy and constructive fashion ' ?
yup that definitely sounds like he agrees with my statements about sex offenders 'core of atrraction ' and their 'need for control ... 
anyone else writing down these tips and tricks you never learned to share with your team ?
patch notes using clicker as tainted cain just instakills him and gives you a game over no matter how many lives you had .
i 'm tired and if i sleep i can possibly see green when i wake up .
do n't worry you can be like me my crypto tips and tricks are for free
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's different than the other maps but that does n't make it bad '' .
breeze is more reliant on aim than ability spam which is fine imo .
winning on icebox is less enjoyable that losing on most if not all multiplayer fps maps ... regardless of fps sub-genre or specific game .
sometimes i think sams on the toilet when he talks
yeah it 's a bit weird they 've removed it from the canadian website but not anywhere else .
and why the heck would n't it have the same item number across the board ? ?
i 'm sorry mate best of luck with your search .
the guy on the other thread contacted them via twitter so maybe try all their socials ?
very good decision otherwise some 14 year old will lose 100 or 1000 of dollars by investing after watching such video and it will make bad headlines for crypto
abstract a large campaign has sought to destigmatize psychiatric disorders by disseminating the view that they are in fact brain disorders .
but when psychiatric disorders are associated with neurobiological correlates laypeople 's attitudes toward patients are harsher and the prognoses seem poorer .
here we ask whether these misconceptions could result from the essentialist presumption that brain disorders are innate .
to this end we invited laypeople to reason about psychiatric disorders that are diagnosed by either a brain or a behavioral test that were strictly matched for their informative value .
participants viewed disorders as more likely to be innate and immutable when the diagnosis was supported by a brain test as compared to a behavioral test .
these results show for the first time that people spontaneously essentialize psychiatric conditions that are linked to the brain even when the brain probe offers no additional diagnostic or genetic information .
this bias suggests that people consider the biological essence of living things as materially embodied .
my last ferritin test could n't even be measured just 8 
i 've taken daily iron for like 15 years and it just never seems to increase
you 're only 3 months old and already investing ?
theres website and apps for this dont even need to use 2 phones lol
i would totally eat every inch of that up .
if i want to take vitamin d zinc do n't smoke/vape and exercise it 's on me .
in the episode red forest '' it becomes clear that multiple instances of cole can exist simultaneously but it 's always the same cole .
quote sauce https youtu.be/wq2zsmyomwc ? t=00h08m51s a rick-roll for sure ''
i do n't have amazon not in us if you have paypal i can send a couple of dollars that way
for me it was mostly stuffed animals and blankets as a kid i would rotate which stuffed animals and blankets i kept on my bed because i did n't want any of them to feel left out .
i ca n't get rid of plushies without wanting to cry and i get extremely sentimentally attached to pretty much any object .
i 'd say even with an established crew they had a fair shot .
ehh he 's playing a totally new position and only really in the first game he 's been getting better every game tho
tongkat ali is a root that grows naturally in se asia that boosts your testosterone i swear it made my donger longer after 12 months of regular use .
electric aka the one who i drew the white cane concealed weapon for can go through a large bag if the peach ring candies like its nothing .
this happens on i-5 through the 2 lane majority center of california all the time .
the problem becomes exacerbated because trailer trucks are limited to 55mph posted legal limit while almost everybody in the fast lane will at least do the 70mph posted limit with most averaging 75mph .
the problem i heard is a lot of these california-based company trucks that never leave the state are electronically limited to 55-60mph max speed .
i have a party that plays every week about half the time .
sometimes we 'll have a bad run and wo n't play for a month because one person 's appendix burst one person 's internet cable got eaten by a lawnmower one person got called in on their day off and would have been fired if they did n't go and one person 's grandma was in the hospital and it was serious .
like i 'm depressed and a little pissed off that we have n't played in a month but none of them are bad reasons to miss a session of dnd .
most of the time the rest of us just chill out for an hour and do something else .
less than a minute before it either showed the maintenance or restocking prize screen .
geez these newbs need to get with the program !
stanley in the back just waiting in line for pretzel day .
if you have a chapter of the midwest tool collectors assoc or similar group near you go to one of their shows .
you can find what you need easily and generally at prices far lower than the local antique mall .
i had it done as a baby so idk about the cutting in itself but i do now suffer from des and i will tell you it sucks .
my dr fucked up the cut caused nerve damage .
assistance for people who could'nt pay their rent.i don ' t qualify because i was'nt out of work he got his money .
lol you 'll get a premium orb and 5000 gold
edit this is what i actually got when i asked them for something 2 months ago
you get all the food utilities and doctor 's appointments paid .
i mean if they did n't get it by choice not only are they a liar but they 're also posting their lies to the internet for fake internet points .
i do n't know what 's true about any of this but if this commenter is correct i think op deserves some criticism for sure cause that 's pretty fucked up and i have no respect for people who act that way .
i love all those but the femme fatale professor in assassination classroom gets called professor bitch by all the kids so might get awkward .
first of all there was.no kind that.caused her to miscarry wtf ?
secondly 12 weeks is the typical amount of time people wait to announce a pregnancy .
and finally are you suggesting it 's better if she suffers in silence without the support of her family ?
a miscarriage before 12 weeks can be just as devastating for the mother .
just look around for a woman with a bunch of dicks in her mouth
i still do n't understand why make an event for a useless car which goes the same speed as the chiron super expensive lvn
teaching is like any profession some teachers are great some are shit most are somewhere in between .
you honestly do n't know what your children 's teachers are doing when they 're not on zoom .
i 've had 1 maybe 2 zoom lessons with my year 9 class so far because they 've mostly said they do n't want it and are a pretty self sufficient group .
but i spent an entire day setting up about 2 weeks worth of lessons for them .
then i spend class time checking in on their work .
sometimes i 'm calling home about kids who are awol .
i 'm not doing 10-12 hour days but my point is just because i 'm not on zoom and a student or parent can only see 'good work ' commented does n't mean i 'm not working .
hate to break it to you but once you reach 18 you are an adult and that just a 19yo shit does n't work anymore .
not a doc i used to have recurrent utis also have a backup prescription of nitrofurantoin and what has massively helped me is taking a daily supplement of d-mannose cranberry .
first seen here https redd.it/obfxnc on 2021-07-01 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' ped6mb '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com ? postid=ped6mb samesub=true filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=92
scope this sub meme filter false target 92 check title false max age 180 searched images 241,549,390 search time 0.4967s
i have nothing but hate for her whenever i waste time on thinking about her .
my situation was n't as bad but her attitude is the same .
told me she ca n't give me any pocket money because we 're so poor '' while getting various plasitc surgeries .
why should the government get to dictate how you interact with others ?
sure but it is also usually tied to religion .
what i 'd say you have to be a bit wary of is to call whatever women choose for themselves a patriarchy .
in an underdeveloped country if a woman picks a man and never asserts herself and her wishes in any way and the man assumes a leadership role that she follows then whatever you call that is what she wanted .
that a lot of women pass through life passively in many regards and elect to follow is their own choice not some institiution or sytem of rule .
with a little bit more water it could easily destroy the walls of the prison too bad they 're too dumb to realize that .
make sure to post your link as a comment in your post so people know where to find you .
with the coming changes to of we started a sub to promote fansly creators .
post on r/justfansly has a lot of information about fansly including a q a with fansly support .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspetite if you have any questions or concerns .
should you avoid mentioning that you smoke during a clinic assessment ?
and if so how are you supposed to consume ?
well if you 're that determined to ruin the joke then fine .
that means that this badge should be worth some money
for what it 's worth i always say plants are trickier than fish .
the guy in the car is an idiot for trying to press the trucks like he was .
then the last truck was an idiot for collapsing the lane space on the car even if he was driving too close .
the first two trucks look like they are driving normally .
the fact we had to lose so many good normal people to this virus is a true immeasurable tragedy .
but the silver lining is we 're also rapidly losing some of the dumbest piles of shit to ever stain the planet .
wish alex jones could go down next but he comes off as the kind of asshole who says shit for infamy and money and yet probably paid a lot of money to get vaccinated in secret the moment he could .
and how many pins are on the male port circled in the picture ?
did homework after school then went to the park to play random sports with friends until it was dark .
for more bhajans on youtube you can subscribe to this playlist https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=biufzi9kx0a list=pli7z5jmmi6rpmfbsjrbhqnlwmzgpunxe0 index=1
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/krishnabhajans if you have any questions or concerns .
but lying in an interrogation conducted by an appointed official is a felony .
but if he is a criminal then he 's telling the truth .
but then he has conducted no felony so he 's innocent .
yeah i was thinking your estimate of 6 foot was rather off
it 's alot better now since itnused to be odd warrior but i still get them from time to time shows that they have n't fully solved the bot issue ...
i do n't have a psychiatrist everyone thinks i do n't really have any problems
that ass reminded me of fluffy pancakes for some reason 
i heard ethermine changed their policy but still do n't understand how to change the payout time
unfortunately your post has been removed because your reddit account is less than 14 days old or your comment karma is not high enough .
this filter is in effect to minimize spam and trolling from new accounts .
moderators will review your post and approve it if it is appropriate .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/techwearclothing if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll always this by saying an employer asks for two weeks notice from new hires .
this new hires should demand no less than two weeks severance from the employer without cause .
well bush at least had a family history with them .
just watching that video upset me so much seeing the distress of confusion it made me cry thinking about my own grandparents .
my grandpa is kind of declining mentally partly i think because of his cancer treatments i 'm not sure but seeing him struggle to do certain things like make instant noodles or just struggle to follow the topic of a conversation a bit makes me deeply sad .
my other family members notice too cause i asked them in private about it .
so basically just the idea of losing mental faculties whether it 's age or from something like dementia is a difficult thing for me to confront personally .
click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=notifier-bot subject=pedbb0 message=click 20 27send 27 20to 20be 20notified 20if 20op 20marks 20 27 5btomt 5d 20 5bcartoon 5d 20a 20cartoon 20about 204 20teens 20 28two 20boys 20two 20girls 20one 20of 20the 20girls 20has 20short 20red/orange 20hair 20 29 20that 20do 20diys 20and 20slice 20of 20life 2c 20it 20was 20translated 20in 20my 20language 20so 20idk 20if 20it 20was 20american 20of 20german 27 20as 20solved 2e 20you 20should 20receive 20a 20confirmation 20pm 20soon 2e 0a 0a 0a 0amake 20sure 20the 20message 20subject 20says 20 27pedbb0 27 20before 20sending 2e 0a 0aofficial 20reddit 20app 20users 20might 20need 20to 20type 20something 20in 20the 20message 20body 20before 20the 20send 20button 20is 20enabled 2e if you 'd like to be notified when this post is solved .
i do n't believe any other mod available on xbox does this
i have never been one to ask for modern tech but i am glad it is there .
i enjoy high tier because most players are actually skilled there .
i do play lower tier from time to time but really dislike it due to their sluggish nature and limited operating range .
i prefer being able to influence larger areas of the map because that means i have to be watchful of more areas as well .
i asked what he is doing in sweden smartass .
if he moved to sweden permanently ofcourse he 's paying income taxes there .
sorry this swimsuit is soooo cute and pops with your fair skin and brilliant red hair !
so the first month i nearly quit as i kept feeling heart palpitations that worried me .
then all of a sudden i did n't feel them anymore .
been on it for 10 months now and my beard is so much better .
i 've had no other side effects unless putting on weight is one as that seems to be happening !
depending on where you go your experience may vary .
do n't expect the same treatment in some village vs in amsterdam .
but coming from chicago you really have nothing to worry about in the netherlands that 's for sure .
i go on tilt a lot cause of it .
they just need a sample to replicate it they manufacture everything .
will we get the rest of your post next listening party ?
make sure to post your link as a comment in your post so people know where to find you .
with the coming changes to of we started a sub to promote fansly creators .
post on r/justfansly has a lot of information about fansly including a q a with fansly support .
visit and join r/justfansly and r/promotefansly and be seen !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans_promo if you have any questions or concerns .
because just because the names come from demons in irl beliefs/legends does n't mean all that much in genshin .
i 'm sure barbatos is n't a bard that could pass as either a girl or a young boy or that morax does n't have the ability to take on the form of a dragon .
frankly i 'm really curious as to why everyone believes ei is raiden shogun .
the last time i said this i got downvoted with nobody explaining .
like sure it 's possible but why are we treating it like it 's a sure thing ?
the scene where yae mentions the name has not yet been confirmed to be about rs that 's just people 's assumption .
also baal is way less annoying to type than r-a-i-d-e-n s-h-o-g-u-n.
and if you look at their carries in comparison .
sneaky a competing adc had fairly similar stats to aarow .
in fact aside from deaths which is quite lower than the competing adcs and thus kda aarow has top 5ish adc stats .
there 's 5 adcs within 10 kills either way .
it 's much more glaring how much jensen deserved it in summer because aarow did n't play as well in fact he was very average .
summer it is n't even close who it should go to .
anyone who disagrees does n't know league of legends .
it 's a damn shame he did n't press zhonyas on ekko .
i know he got nami bubbled but it 's such a shame .
it 's scary taking a vaccine that there is n't much research of the side effects .
like the side effects that are coming out already are scary .
blood clots woman losing their babies in the first trimester .
dude if you are scared about those you should be terrified about covid !
have you any idea what are the side effects of covid ? ?
like blood clots bronchopneumonia necrotizing bronchiolitis viral pneumonia lymphocytic myocarditis acute tubular injury microthrombi ischemic necrosis acute hemorrhagic infarction congestion and vascular edema hemophagocytosis and histiocytosis hemophagocytosis deep vein thrombosis .
and you ca n't say that it 's unlikely '' that those things will happen because then you literally ca n't say anything about the vaccine as it 's more likely you 'll get a serious case of covid instead of a super rare side effect from the vaccine
i wish good luck to the ps5-less people may you finally find your entry to next-gen gaming !
been rewatching this show as it 's my favorite and i fondly remember laughing my ass off during high school when i watched ep 13 and commie put a batman edit on 8man in the op i 'm very nostalgic for that right now as i 've graduate college and am now working .
however commie links are all dead far as i 've searched my former copies got deleted as well and so i 'd really appreciate it if someone can hook me up to a source that 's still alive or perhaps even a drive .
this show meant a lot for my coping back in high school so i 'd really appreciate it if anyone hooked me up .
she 's about 100 unsteady on her feet not the brightest and now i 'm figuring out she 's quite possibly delusional .
well i scrolled through the most overrated musical ? ''
thread and turns out all the musicals i know are n't exactly liked by the musical community '
i started being interested in musicals like two years ago when i stumbled across hamilton yes i know and from there on just listened to recordings of stuff i kept hearing about so mostly things that were trending on the internet and a few movies we have at home .
an exception was when that the shows must go on '' thing happened on youtube at the beginning of the pandemic but that 's over now as well .
i live in europe and by any means do not have neither the possibility nor the money to watch musicals live .
the only attempt i made at that recently ended in the opening of the show being postponed for like a year and now i do n't know when or if i will see the show not to mention it 's on the other side of the country and not just something i can casually attend .
bootlegs are usually either incomplete or filmed with a toaster so that you ca n't understand anything of what they actors are saying especially as a foreigner ... and even then i would n't know what to even watch .
i 'm rambling but i think i made my point .
even if i had a list of musicals i 'd like to watch i 'm restricted to what is accessible via the internet .
waking up each morning thinking it will get easier only to be disappointed with my own thoughts feelings .
this is not my first breakup by far but is or feels like the most painful .
i like watching reaction channels after i formed my oppinion on an album for fun i have already watched anthony fantano 's and shawn cee 's but i missed i 'm dontai 's what other channels can be fun to watch
help me fill the last hour at work ... by showing off and doing as your told for my pleasure ...
get me horny so i can shoot my lod when i 'm home ...
a place for members of r/sleepyaiko to chat with each other
and please i beg of you no silly responses .
i may like being silly on this subreddit but the subreddit raisedbynarcissists is a completely different story .
mi interessa principalmente la cover stay ma se coprisse anche macchine in affitto/carroattrezzi sarebbe top .
i 'm trying to send a mail merge with images in the body the same image for each email but when i send the test email i 'm sending as html the image appears blank in the body and it is attached to the email as a blank image instead of showing up in the body .
i 'm sending the email through microsoft outlook on my mac .
i am constantly finding myself copying from one drawing to another in order to do some things .
current process is ... select objects ... ctrl+shift+c enter 0,0,0 enter ... . switch drawings ... ctrl+v enter 0,0,0 enter .
have any of you found a way to make this quicker ?
id love to be able to hit c0 and have it automatically copy at 0,0,0 and p0 to have it automatically paste at 0,0,0 even better would be to default ctrl+shift+c to 0,0,0
ca n't make it unfortunately have one ticket for sale for 36 .
in looking into orthodox objections to the papacy and they make the claim that the three cities had primacy over different places .
gregory says that 'in three places is the see of one ' .
is this showing that even the pope believed this ?
what 's the key differences between ohto liberty and celcus ceramic roller ?
has anyone had both and is there one you prefer ?
where 's the best place to purchase them in the states ?
we are here to present to you guys good quality cheats for affordable prices we have a dev team made up of 5 people i am the lead developer and i have been in this game since 2015 i have a lot of experience and i 've seen pretty much everything in this business already .
all of the info prices along with the showcase videos are listed on the discord !
you just need to verify to get a rank on the discord and see all of the content .
there is also a general chat feel free to hop in there and chat with us anytime !
if you need any help or have some questions just shoot me a dm and i will do my best to help you out
our currently most popular option is the soft aim fortnite which is 60 lifetime
here is the promo code aliexpress march 2021 https www.popthecoupon.com/coupons-category/aliexpress
best deals coupons and discount you can find there .
i started counting how many games i got afks in my team vs how many afks in opponent team .
with afk meaning any player that goes entirely afk or after 1 round when they lose or those who deliberately lose the match etc ...
after 25 games i had a 10afks in my team and 3 in opponent teams .
is n't there more chance for the afks to be in the opponent team since they are 3 randoms and in my team there are 2 ?
use this thread to discuss all deadline day transfer rumours
good morning all looking to move my roth ira funds from vsmax small cap admiral shares to vdigx dividend growth fund .
current retirement investments include tsp being maxed out at 750/pp with funds being 70 c and 30 s .
maxed out for the year in my roth ira .
whats everyones opinion either leave the roth ira in the small cap index fund move it all over into the dividend growth fund i like the companies this fund is holding investments in or split my balance between the two funds .
i read there was a crew that was sent to study instalation 00 after the human-covenant war .
i also read that the banished has soon appeared at the installation and massacred everyone .
isabel claims that they were stuck there after the portal abruptly closed .
now that the humans know the precise location of installation 00 and access to forerunner technology infinity why did n't they send a rescue team ?
i also read that some scientist figured that there exists a 7th halo called zeta halo and that it has a timer that is set to trigger in 5 weeks .
the scientist also claims that the trigger will not also work on zeta but the remaining 6 including the substitute ring created in halo wars 2 .
was n't remote detonation only possible from installation 00 ?
is n't 5 weeks a little too convenient considering that the human-covenant war ended 25 prior ?
guardsman orders each time you use one of the strategic ploys below it takes effect as a guardsman order .
all friendly tempestus scion operatives and all friendly guardsman operatives within 6 '' of and visible to a friendly guardsman sergeant operative are issued that guardsman order .
the tempestor does n't have the guardsman sergeant keyword .
does this mean that if you take a tempestor as a leader you ca n't issue any guardsman orders ?
accomplished leader in each of your strategy phases if this operative is in the killzone you can use one strategic ploy without spending any command points .
as far as i can tell tempestors do n't have the guardsman sergeant keyword so even if you issue strategic ploys they just vanish into the abyss
the tempestor is n't a guardsman sergeant so no one receives it .
is there an errata anywhere that i should be aware of ?
why would tempestors even have the accomplished leader ability if they ca n't even use it per the rules ?
es gibt ja im forum das spiel erklre bcher in einem satz .
ich dachte hier wre mal die mglichkeit in diesem sehr serisen subreddit um das ganze mit einem kleinen twist auf unsere eigenen geschichten ob verffentlicht oder unverffentlicht auszuweiten .
ich rufe also die challenge ins leben beschreibt den plot eurer geschichte in einem satz mglichst schlecht .
basically it is as the title says i have a pretty good pc and i feel like the fps are really low considering it 's a 3070 and a 5900x with 8gb ram allocated to minecraft plus i 'm playing at 1920x1080 .
i usually play around 90-110 fps but when it 's raining or if i 'm running through the forest they may drop even to 47 .
these are the settings i use for the nvidia control panel https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=jzrnfwpento t=703s https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=jzrnfwpento t=703s
yieldly rewards accrue daily however claiming them back to my algo wallet shows to cost a .002 algo fee for the smart contract .
that my stake stays staked but to get the pending rewards i pay .002 algos ?
can i just leave the rewards unclaimed like in other places for multiple days and everything just continues to stack then make a single claim at the end of a month for example ?
in s2 ep8 when the precinct is under lockdown for a brief moment we see jake 's authoritative side .
do n't get me wrong i love the goofball he is but it would 've been nice to more of such sort in some episodes .
so they wo n't come here and take our land as what is currently going on .
while patiently waiting can someone fill me in on what seems to be hysteria about the pro grille ?
why is everyone very worked up about the topic ?
how much is it and what would be the best way to do so ?
or should i ignore the topic entirely and forego the pro grille ?
i must say browsing the sub the fast few months there is definitely some mystique and buzz around this darn grille and i have no idea what is going on about it .
given how much we all here are against misinformation and lack of critical thinking in general i was expecting this atheism sub to have also followed suit along with all these other subs today ?
i know it 's not exactly on topic but surely it speaks to the same core values of many in this sub on avoiding being misguided by bad information and bad ideas ?
in sharp entertainment 's latest prod-uction dramatizing the human quest for the ever elusive sense of completeness '' darcey and stacey we see our protagonist in a bit of a jam dracula her lover has returned and the crying olympic trials have begun .
and he knows all the words to say words such as darcey is a s ... . '' darcey is a str ... . '' darcey is a stron ... . '' darcey is a person .
and person is strong and with these ... words ?
drunken peace is declared and all he charges are thrown out stacey respects him the hypnosis is complete !
he still does n't trust doctors or this snow '' .
seriously what is the point of medical care '' also shoes are hard .
and can they go now are there are eggs that are totable ?
stacey can stay strong '' in the car and here go the crying olympics .
well at last darcey is n't having relationship problems ... psych she is !
dracula is buying very expensive peanut butter among other annoyances .
in fact there are many annoyances and they even argue over meat .
darcey should never cook meat it causes too many problems for her .
it throws off her entire energy these damn spicy meatballs on a stick !
but the crying olympics must cease because it 's dinner time her dad ca n't be here because china but her daughters can recount their tales of their mother evolving like a pokemon who thinks that she 's magicarp but really she is such a jigglypuff .
they also express their surprise that their mother got back together with this horrible man but at least this one can cook unlike the last one they met .
he also cares about children so much that the crying olympics begin again !
she is going to miss them so much in turkey she will be a beautiful gyarados who is fierce and strong .
and when she and stacey are gone florian will need money which he would get if stacey would turn at the bank .
maybe the bank should share it 's location like florian .
she and her twin will be missed so much .
their lovers give them a rousing goodbye dracula is sporting his best north face john snow cosplay .
because he is cold from darcey killing their love by auditioning for you me and my ex '' .
darcey has been contacting storm and he is not happy .
and he kind of hates her but will help her with her bags less baggage for her anything to make her leave faster .
darcey is shocked and appalled at this treatment and will set boundaries standards and stick up for herself eventually !
she would now but her energy is so off from the spicy meatballs on a stick !
but once she 's far away from him she is ready to fly this is the color purple '' and darcey is oprah dammit !
and who can forget that scene in the color purple '' when oprah flashes her vagina on a boat in turkey ?
i give this episode 3.5/5 stars because i do decimals and fractions together .
i can see that it is building up to some drama .
the highlight was dracula 's declaration that darcey is a person and florian 's list of things that he distrusts is a close second .
next week the drama really unfolds aniko tries on a wedding dress ...
i mean pageant dress and probably gets an eating disorder dracula confronts storm stacey reveals a secret to darcey and jesse is back !
 regular content posted on pocketstars https pocketstars.com/vicemiami and fansly cumming soon
 squirting vomit piss taboo roleplay and many more .
 customs available dm for prices price will depend on fetish length cost to make and effort
 if you buy me something from my wish list https www.amazon.com/hz/wishlist/ls/2jov8mieyhva4 ? ref_=wl_share i will make you a 1 min video with whatever you buy for no extra cost !
just make sure to dm me with proof of purchase so i know who to send it to .
 i accept tips and payments via cashapp https cash.app honeyycunt honeyycunt is my only cashapp dont get scammed ! ! !
 keep in touch with me on twitter https twitter.com/honeyycunt
is there a limit on how many time you can reroll weekly quest ?
i am unable to reroll my second weekly quest after rerolling one i got yesterday .
i am 19m and i had never pulled my foreskin as it was so tight but it started becoming loose recently and now i am able to pull it back .
but it feels like hell to try to walk with your foreskin pulled backwards .
idk why its very painful to touch my glans .
california closed all the campgrounds down and lost my reservation for bass lake .
i just want to know it there a lot of room and are the camper spaced out decent ?
lord beerus the god of destruction for universe 7 looks down at the planet below as he talks with his angel whis about what is to come .
this plan will certainly be able to keep demons from easily traversing to earth . ''
however it is likely that it will create a large amount of panic as well . ''
that 's okay the humans always panic about something . ''
beerus shrugs not really caring about how five-billion of his subjects '' feel .
i guess we should do it soon before i change my mind . ''
agreed i 'll call zeno and we 'll do it as soon as possible . ''
he prepares to destroy a whole planet and the feeling takes him back ...
my lord might i suggest we first try the food here .
whis says as he takes another bite of cheesecake .
in fact you 're always eating something when i talk to you . ''
but anyway we should be leaving for new earth to talk with shadow about dark seid . ''
beerus says as whis finishes eating and they fly up higher above the planet .
lord beerus says and the planet glows with a purple aura .
then is erased from all existence in a brilliant explosion as all of its energy returns to nothing .
i believe the humans ' solar system had nine planets did it not ? ''
he asks whis ... . '' yes but there 's another object at the edge of the solar system and its far bigger than a planet .
i sense great evil and power from it . ''
says the god of destruction as they continue towards the solar system .
finding the object easily they learn that it is darkseid back in his original form after he was killed by rarr .
surprisingly he has n't noticed them yet as they get closer .
whis go distract him i 'm going to try something . ''
he says before disappearing in a pillar of light .
beerus concentrates to apply the same concept to darkseid that he did with the planet moments ago .
he shouts with his hand raised to darkseid 's back .
he watches as a white aura of energy begins to envelope him .
darkseid says as his body is effected but resists .
beerus says floating backward as darkseid turns his massive star sized body toward him and a red beam of energy is emitted from his eyes .
lord beerus forcefully shouts firing a blast to block the attack .
he struggles against it but manages to stop it from reaching him by a few feet ... ..
the only reason the block was successful being his god ki and massive power level ... ..
lord beerus do n't let the omega beam touch you ! ''
whis says as he teleports next to him and then teleports to heaven the only place darkseid and his omega beam ca n't follow .
whis why did n't the hakai work ! ? ''
whis looks at beerus as if he should know the answer already then says .
because darkseid is more powerful than you for one not by much but its enough ... and he is immortal .
as a god of destruction you should know the hakai wo n't erase immortals only send them to the afterlife and is much harder to do ... then there are his omega beams .
they can only track you as far away from the beam the distance across a large galaxy ... tho you would have to out run them and get far enough away first which is almost impossible .
they can also teleport or transform matter and life forms .
and finally they can act like your hakai and completely erase anything .
so you need to be careful lord beerus ... .. we need to completely wipe out his soul to destroy him in this world .
well we need to do something because he 's heading this way . ''
he ca n't come here but he is close to the portal that leads to shadow 's universe .
darkseid 's entire surface was completely covered in xenomorphs that were mixed with his genes .
i 'm afraid even all i can do is slow him down with that many powerful creatures to deal with .
maybe you should go warn shadow and rarr that darkseid is back . ''
goku might be there and can teleport himself and others so have him teleport you all here . ''
whis tells beerus as he teleports away to slow down darkseid .
beerus immediately takes off flying towards heaven 's portal to shadow 's universe .
he arrives at the lake outside of the kingdom and can hear sounds of fighting from the other side .
suddenly something comes out of the water and grabs his leg .
he looks down to see a xenomorph with grey stone like skin and red coals for eyes .
breaking free as he jumps back firing a blast at the creature the attack devastates the area .
as the dust clears the xenomorph hisses and backs off .
he looks around and sees several of them coming out of the woods .
then hundreds of xenomorphs come flying out from the water and rush towards him .
his power drained from trying to hakai darkseid he has to be careful .
in his weakened state the erasure technique using 30 of his power shockingly has no effect and he jumps out of the way of a xenomorph trying to tackle him .
he turns to run and sees there are more coming from nowhere and surrounding him .
he flies into the sky towards shadow 's castle looking back he sees the xenomorphs behind flying up after him .
dodging their attacks he points his finger at one of them firing a beam causing it to explode in mid-air .
flying past the lake and to the world beyond it .
it took a full power blast to kill one . ''
looking around he sees goku has his hands full as 3 xeno-seid xenomorphs try to attack him .
beerus fires more finger beams taking out two of them .
bursting forward beerus punches the last one crushing it 's skull using ki to protect his hand from it 's acid blood .
goku says as he looks up seeing the horde of xeno-seids coming out of the water and flying from above .
rarr 's eyes glow red as he emits a crimson aura and cries out in pain .
the xeno-seids all look confused as they stop the attack as they have been commanded .
beerus watches as they slowly begin to wander away from the castle .
the dark xeno-seids are derived from the one that came from rarr and killed dark seid .
rarr can send them away but he can only do it every once in a while as it hurts him greatly to do .
they have attacked before but not as many as this.. '' shadow says .
it 's because darkseid has been resurrected in his original form and he is coming to get revenge on rarr and take over this universe . ''
rarr looks at him so what is to be done ? ''
we need to gather our forces to stop darkseid . ''
do n't worry rarr he will have to get through us first . ''
if i was in my set of universes this would n't be so hard .
but these universe unlike others lessens my power to keep balance . ''
he then remembers the last time darkseid attacked just to see how strong he was .
that ended in a coma that i and whis called sleep till i had the dream that led me to goku . ''
lord beerus knows what needs to be done but does n't have the power to do it ...
i need shadow and rarr 's help goku and vegeta along with the others as well . ''
you and shadow can use hakai energy or at least god ki right ? ''
right now i can barely produce any compared to in my own universes . ''
if you all combine your energy with mine we might be able to create a powerful enough hakai to stop darkseid and his army for a while . ''
we can try but i can only use energy of destruction if shadow is helping by combining his energy with mine . ''
looking over lord beerus sees the water in a cup start to rise to the ceiling and then everything not fasted to the floor starts floating .
they all rush outside and notice it 's gotten dark when it should be daylight .
looking at the sky it 's hard to see at first as darkseid 's body stretches across heavens above the rocky jupiter sized planet with earth like gravity
give me the one called rarr or i will swat your planet away like the insignificant speck that it is . ''
you 're gon na do that anyway so go to hell . ''
he says and the ground starts to shake as a massive blast of energy comes straight at the planet .
gowther of the seven deadly sins shares the plan with everyone using his mind altering ability ... .
every hero that has energy manipulation gives beerus shadow rarr goku and vegeta energy as they charge up as much energy as possible into the 4 person hakai .
vegeta using his god of destruction transformation his clothing resembling that of beerus .
goku aiding by firing god ki to help weaken the target .
the 4 fire the destruction energy beam hakai ! ''
the energy rips through darkseid 's attack hitting him and reality itself threatens to tear apart as it warps and ripples instantaneously spread as waves through the universe as even just vegeta alone ... . was able to break out of an infinite void dimension in time and space with shear power alone when buu came .
things clear and darkseid is very badly damaged ... ..
tho the hakai blast injured and slowed him ... .. darkseid recovers very quickly from this near fatal attack angrier than ever ... ..
new earth starts breaking apart being pulled towards darkseid 's star sized body as it gets closer .
lord beerus looks at vegeta who is frozen to the spot .
we ... we ca n't win ... . its pointless ... we 'll all die be turned into his minions if we stay here goku . ''
beerus says as he grabs rarr and goku 's arm .
he seems like a one hit wonder but he acts like he ca n't get enough fun out of fighting ... .
he may not even help because we ... . '' he says but is quickly proven wrong as goku vanishes from his grip .
not really but we will have to take that risk . ''
beerus senses goku again and turns seeing 3 people on hovering platforms approaching .
one of them is saitama a fit bald man wearing what looks to be child like clothing with an x on it .
we could n't beat him so we need his help and i teleported there to get him ... . '' he says defensively .
beerus and the others fly to meet the enemy as hundreds of superheroes on the crumbling new earth try to defend it .
the man with no limits and unlimited power who thought his powers would work on me ... . come on one punch man your our only hope now . ''
beerus thinks looking at saita ... . where is saitama ? ''
where is this monster you were talking about ? ''
everyone one the ground points to darkseid who more resembles the sky than a body .
saitama says as jumps towards darkseid 's star size body leaving a massive crater in the ground easily visible from space ... ..
somewhere on the other side of new earth a large rumble is felt more than the trembling from earlier ... .
they start to feel more trembling as they sense the battle ... ... ..
saitama rockets past beerus faster than he can react as he shoots by almost running into him and beerus looks up to see holes appearing all over dark seid 's body .
he sees a massive fist draw back and swing at the speck that is saitama who says .
darkseid pulls back his blown up fist and stares in awe at the holes that saitama made .
saitama lands on the back of his other hand and punches it blood flying everywhere from the impacts..
darkseid retreats back to his own world before saitama can finish him off .
everything that had been being pulled toward darkseid falls back to the ground .
the side of the planet that was closest to the action noticably settles back into place .
flash can you go around the planet and see what the damages are ? ''
goku helps saitama up as he is clearly tired from the fight .
he is stronger than that tho right cause i was still holding back alot . ''
beerus looks at goku ... . you better hope that he helps us again ... .. chiccgrrr ... saitama was made off limits except for emergencies and that 's orders from god in shadow 's universe that created everything .
if he wo n't help then he needs to go back to his own universe .
some unknown weakness of his or something makes him to risky to allow him to roam the universes freely like we do ...
so lets hope he will still help us even if he is bored . ''
well if you said that before i woulda teleported everyone to safety ... . '' the god of destruction raises a hand to stop goku .
you did well but i think we should head back to the castle we are not out of danger yet . ''
he says knowing saitama was and is still needed ... .
whis reverses time for new earth before the limit set time to return it to normal runs out and everyone heads to shadow 's castle .
darkseid almost killed me but i was able to escape . ''
beerus wants to ask him how he was almost killed but something else grabs his attention ...
a demon training to be an eternal says pointing at saitama who has collapsed on the floor .
shadow quickly feels his pulse and finds he is alive but something is different .
shadow teleports to where the portals to other universes and infinite voids are located and finds the one he is looking for .
it would seem that someone has sealed away the dark energy void where saitama gets his unlimited energy ...
the only one that would do that is dark seid . ''
so that 's how saitama has so much energy .
you were made from that stuff and he inherited the connection to it .
we need to do something about this before darkseid returns . ''
if it was darkseid then none of us can break the seal . ''
because he is more powerful than all of us and almost killed an angel ... '' beerus responds .
i am so screwed i swear i just poked him with a stick . ''
goku looks at him ... i could use some dinner right about now to but darkseid might return soon . ''
he says walking away grabbing a chicken leg from the table .
deadpool looks at you in your mind space ... how is he hearing me talk to you guys but does n't know he is in a story ... sighs .. dam sayains those dam dirty apes !
they all turn and see saitama on the floor .
he appears to be trembling and sweating profusely in a state of panic .
what 's wrong with him now what did you do deadpool ? ''
i do n't know this is the first time i 've seen him like this . ''
goku looks on eating as shadow tries to calm saitama down .
lord beerus watches as things go from bad to worse ... .
saitama suddenly bolts up as his aura turns red like darkseid 's omega beam and one shots vision in the chest obliterating his entire body .
saitama ... '' lord beerus says and braces himself as he knows what 's coming next .
one shot destroys more than half of the remaining capitol buildings .
another shot and a huge chunk of the rest of the city is destroyed .
everyone panics as shadow whis and goku teleport everyone away to master roshi 's kame house and universe 7 .
the island recently being enlarged and capsule cops having purchased a large swath of ocean and built islands for refugees from other planets in situations like this ... .
krillin says in a panic seeing the battered and bruised fighters .
s-s-saitama ... '' shadow says unsure of what just happened .
goku makes sure that everyone is safe on the island and at the capsule corps islands '' ... .
back on roshi 's beach goku freezes then turns around to face saitama who is still in a state of frenzy as he now begins floating towards the island .
how did he get here he ca n't teleport . ''
we need to get him under control before he destroys everything . ''
leave that to me ... '' shadow says and flies back towards saitama .
this is a job for a god of destruction ! ''
his previous fight with saitama showing that his power does n't effect a god of destruction the same way as mere mortals .
lord beerus draws back his fist unleashing all the power he can .
it hits saitama 's chest and causes a massive crater sending him flying away .
whis says as he videl chi-chi bulma stand around goku and vegeta .
very good lord beerus but not nearly good enough and far below your angle 's ability . ''
a voice that sounds like darkseid says through saitama as he stands .
he looks at the others and they seem to be just as confused .
no longer am i limited by a single body for our persistence of anti-life is limitless as are our efforts in achieving our goals . ''
saitama starts jumping up and down on the ground .
he says over and over again as he jumps up and down .
it seems your attacks did nothing to my servant . ''
now prepare to die like the those before you . ''
all of a sudden they find themselves in a large desert .
looking around they see nothing but sand and rock for miles in every direction .
this is a special place that zeno made for me to train .
only i can get here and bring others here . ''
it would seem that it is not a seal in the dark energy void but darkseid has moved his very soul into it and gained control of saitama through his link to the void .
to break that link we would have to go into the infinite void of dark energy . ''
whis says as goku brings superman and the rest of the heroes .
as long as we 're all here let 's get to it . ''
shadow looks around at the heroes from various universes clearly upset about how his son saitama was enslaved by darkseid .
i do n't know how we 're going to do this but we need to stick together for this fight . ''
the sky is red and the sun seems to give off an angry violent heat .
i could give him a good word with the man upstairs .
come hear and take a message to god . ''
he says then nods as if remembering who he is talking to .
by way of approval for existence i request that god cancels the destruction of shadow also known as blaze . ''
he says and disappears in a pillar of light as he teleports .
the god of destruction nods then looks over at shadow .
i 'll help for now but do n't think we 're friends or anything . ''
says beerus as he walks over to the group .
they look at each other then shadow turns around and begins walking to a mountain in the distance .
he 's trying to find a way inside . ''
then from above they all hear saitama and darkseid 's voices talking in sync .
haha ... . you think your universe 's lesser god can rival me . ''
i 'm not afraid of your kind i will wipe out entire realities if i have to . ''
he is hovering above the mountain and he flies down into it .
it is at this moment everyone notices that the mountain is n't really a mountain it 's darkseid 's ship .
rarr catches saitama 's arm as he dodges and redirects the force throwing him towards beerus who blasts him with destruction energy knocking him into the ship ... .
once inside they find yourselves in a large room with doors leading off it .
everyone hears darkseid say as they follow saitama who floats along the ground as shadow and goku run along side beerus with vegeta behind as they chase him .
you know i could have killed you all with my omega beam instead of teleporting you here . ''
darkseid says as he floats above a large pit in the center of the room .
how do you like my pit of fire on apokolips ? ''
suddenly a large demon leaps out of the pit and charges them all .
tho they make short work of it blowing it to pieces .
i 'm impressed i did n't expect mere mortals like you to make it this far .
but can you handle the fury of saitama who might as well be a god under my control . ''
darkseid says looking at the many heroes from many universes .
they stare at saitama as he begins to shake his head and growl .
he reaches out with an energy blade and scratches berrus on the face he steps back in pain feeling blood dripping as he gets farther away .
in a flash of saitama 's energy blade every hero falls and as they are injured gravely before even the flash in his speed force dimension can react beerus goku and shadow are the last ones still standing .
saitama looks at shadow who stands there in fear .
beerus orders as he runs for him and knocks him out of the way of the blade .
taking the hit instead as he screams in pain .
the blade cutting through his chest and then saitama leaps away .
shadow and goku see saitama as he is mid air .
his long energy blade extending from his hand trying to hit them .
the blade vanishes and saitama appears next to them .
there 's a blur as reality warps and saitama swings at 10 trillion times the speed of light hitting shadow 1000 time in one thousandth of a second .
shadow has no time to notice as his body is almost instantaneously turned red mist and sub atomic particles .
time to bury them in the depths of hell where they belong . ''
shadow 's wife mihrab cries falling to her knees .
it 's ... not you ... it 's darkseid . ''
suddenly they in a place like hell and are healed of their injuries as shadow appears next tk them remade by darkseid so he can experience what comes next .
everyone notices they are alright but a little tired .
it has portals that lead to the fire pits of apokolips .
full of so much evil pain and torment that superman prime that spent 15,000 years inside a star was turned evil there . ''
come on let 's get to the others ! ''
beerus notices the portals and sees a few fighting each other as demons look on and laugh .
it 's a trick do n't go in one ! ''
a demon laughs as they see flame star and a few of his people enter a portal not trusting the parademons .
then xeno-seid xenomorphs start appearing from every direction as well as one grabs goku 's leg from underground .
superman and the flash run in a circle around the heroes creating a whirlwind as a barrier against the incoming enemies .
come on we need to get these guys out of here . ''
you think we can survive a jump through one of the portals ? ''
but they all lead to the fire pit of apokolips . ''
they hear starfire say as she launches several green blasts at the parademons approaching .
i 'll try to get everyone together and have them go through .
we 'll meet up at the fire pit . ''
we do n't have a choice we either get stuck here or go through a portal .
beerus goku and shadow rush into the portal with the others close behind .
ending up in the fire pit of apokolips ... .
in the strange time there they remain trapped for 1 million years never aging or dieing as the mind bending soul crushing torment of the fire pit changes them all .
after the 1 million years darkseid releases them and takes over their freewill .
now i have control of a truly unstoppable army . ''
darkseid says as he sends beerus shadow goku and rarr to take over the new earth universe within the shadow-verse .
the rest of the now corrupted heroes are sent to other universes .
the chaos and destruction unfolds with no one able to stop even the weakest of the corrupted heros
suddenly there 's a brilliant white flash and even saitama is vaporized along with their new leader darkseid as he to is turned to ash as his soul is ripped apart .
an unstoppable all powerful force seeing too much power amassed to one faction and the multiverse in peril ... ..
eu sei que ele  ruim no jogo e esqueceu tudo mas na primeira srie de rimworld do canal ele no sabia tb e ficou super foda ento eu peo andr volte com o rimworld mesmo que voc no saiba se voc aprender de novo vai ser foda .
se vocs querem a srie deem upvote se no downvote .
observao se a quantidade de upvotes for maior que 0 at a prxima live do andr ele
'' vai ter '' '' que fazer a srie denovo e se for menor ou igual a 0 at a prxima live ele no precisa fazer .
hello r/hardwareswap i 'm searching for a shure sm7b for around 300 .
if you also have a bundle let me know !
businesses have recognized the value of mobile applications and are introducing cutting-edge technical solutions to improve customer experience .
the first step in obtaining the best service facilities within the application is to seek out a competent mobile app development company in noida india https www.isynbus.com/mobile-app-development-trends that is up to date with the latest trends .
the dts https www.ywamasheville.org/ywam-dts offers a curriculum where the process of learning the sculptures initializing them to shape one 's belief and then applying to change one 's life .
it 's more of a comic and there 's a person that like shoves away some mini people and there 's one defective behind them and points at the defective one and says something like i like this one '' .
i 've seen it a few times a pretty long time ago so i do n't remember how it went exacly but yeah it was something like this
i just had my first consult with the surgeon yesterday via phone call and only short .
today the nurse called me and organised my appointments .
on the 25th of january i 'll have appointments with a dietician psychologist and face to face with the surgeon .
on the 15th of march i 'll have surgery wait period for private health insurance is up on the 11th of march .
all this in melbourne during covid so i 'm pretty anxious about things getting canceled or postponed .
are there any other aussies here whos process is/was similar ?
i keep reading other peoples experiences where they 've had to jump through hoops etc .
i was originally on the wait list to get it done through public health .
i 'm on disability and only work part time .
i stupidly thought i can do this on my own but nope .
now i 've had to use most of the savings i have to get health insurance and pay for the surgery .
i 'm so scared of something going wrong and having extra hospital bills come up or something .
but i ca n't find it on youtube or with google search .
i live in holland so i asume that i have to buy eth with euro 's using my creditcard in pay wyre ?
do i need to swap eth to psafemoon after connecting my metamask wallet on swap.safemoon.net ?
besides the obvious but i 'll say it anyways ! that shot with the drying clothes blowing in the wind .
the whole show felt very loud at times but that was a rare moment of silence which added to the shock of it .
thought it was one of the most powerful moments .
when dina and noaf went to go eat lunch with rania and layan .
honestly could n't even believe what i was seeing .
my first thought during that moment was what kind of shit friendship is this ? !
ah yes let me share a carrot stick with the girl that almost murdered my bestie ''
since i have not been able to share something about my work as a customer support representative for doordash i 'll try to answer as many questions you have .
these past few months have been really challenging for me since it seems there 's a surge of customers using dd .
so ask me anything and let 's see if i can help .
i 'll filter out my answers but i 'll still try to be truthful as much as possible .
you wake up in the last anime you watched what do you do ?
i just moved into college as a freshman and it 's definitely a change .
im having a lot of fun but i 'm so emotionally drained .
i never have any time to myself because i have a roomate .
disclaimer i love my roomate shes one of my best friends however they 're and extrovert and i 'm an introvert .
i 'm so drained all the time i cant cry at night anymore which actually helped me before or facetime my bf as often and she always kinda observes what i do and it 's super stressful .
i love her but i 'm just so drained .
a lesser known application of the adamantine kata is as a replacement for viagra .
now you see why the liberal arts '' are important and why trade schools are n't a replacement for them .
maybe because the people who were going there suddenly realized that they were eating at jack in the box .
laporta stan 's can absolve him of barto 's crime
but fact that players he signed could n't be registered until pique took a sacrificial hit that is a horrible horrible planning and they fucking screwed up .
pique is a better president and coach than our current management
you know you could 've just did it all the way ...
i 've divided into two sections the back is full of fishing gear
yall are way too focused on chalices where you can farm them daily and you only need max 10 of them for a char .
we have ongoing login events that give tens of them .
focus on stuff you can't get through farming such as medals and maybe silver upgrading stone too
damn like warlock ornament except helmet looks kind off funny with those horn things
a lot of the new rap sucks even a lot of the old school rappers say the new rap sucks
or you could just sit on my face and let me pleasure you for a couple hours
killer bottle and i can see the table i sat at at my last two visits ... their bottle selection and pricing are superb ! !
hehe same for me i 'm my mother and her mother .
all my life i 've been so scared to end up looking like my father and poof hrt put an end to that fear !
petra is a beautiful name reminds me of my first love when i was 15 in zrich
for starters you can check from replies in this thread what they usually do for 1 field or another and if you are willing to grind it that way for the next 3 to 5 years .
you should assess what you really want best that is best aligned with your stengths and opportunities important do n't ignore what comes even if it 's not optimal and establish your strategy and people network to help you align with your chosen path .
it wo n't feel like a mistake if you love it and seek for it .
rewards will come after besides you 're already doing it for the money whatever field you choose .
you need a data cable to pair the controller with the console .
i was kid at that time so i do n't remember exactly lol .
we do n't have a choice here i believe .
we will not reply to modmail messages similar to what is reason my post was removed ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
now i just need to pump 1 week worth of money into starting point stamp and i might be ready to get a few souls from there
he must have some ungodly sort of rizz or he just capping his cock off
i am honestly not sure if you 're being serious or not .
like others said start riding around and getting comfortable .
also the progress you 've already made on your ollies is pretty insane .
do n't ever get discouraged and just have fun .
most the time just cruising around is more fun and relaxing to me than anything else .
edit my ollies looked yours when i started so i just 180 'd everything .
could never keep them straight and just ended up with some of the nicest most consistent front side flips at my school .
and when all hell breaks loose the city guard rushes in .
i do n't know of anyone who would claim racism is completely fictitious .
and it 's because they do n't see it do n't know how to recognize it .
it 's a personal anecdote much like your comment .
i would say that the xero shoes prio all day shoes are good for doctors and surgeons and even a doctor has a video on the website for the shoes .
why would they let him observe when they already know his df powers .
edit wait it 's was 3:35 am for me not pm
i 've enjoyed that and the alma del campo from plasencia .
i wish uk stores stocked a wider range of their stuff .
you simply thank the cat for feigning to grace your pc with its awesomeness .
i 've implemented a lot of their stuff into our game .
unfortunately your submission was removed because we only allow five posts per 24 hour period .
you submitted this dude is the definition of madlad http redd.it/pehhwn '' at 2021-08-30 12:53:46 utc .
if you believe this was done in error for example if a moderator asked you to re-submit please report this comment with an explanation or message the moderators of memes https reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmemes subject=post rate limit exemption message=hi please approve my re-submission of this removed post http redd.it/pehhwn .
i have plenty of issues with war thunder but i only hate it because i love it .
i honestly still think war thunder is a very good game with plenty of fun to be had i just wish its balancing and economy issues would be addressed as they continue to get worse .
i 'm not sure if i have a thing else left to accomplish in life then scouring internet forums
having one out of 4 die is n't a big problem even over the ocean .
and trust me ml graphics dont look like a drawing of a blind kid that suffers from autism unlike some other game ... .
and i m actually surprised that this game has players let alone a subreddit .
hi jeff_chee_471 your post has been removed because your title is below our minimum length requirement of 4 words .
feel free to repost with a more descriptive title .
if you 're looking to get a quick question answered like asking for recommendations https www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/recommendations the source of a picture https www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/reverse_image_searching a watch order https www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/watch_order or any other general question https www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/faaq please check our sidebar too it might help you faster .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/anime if you have any questions or concerns .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i think you should make sure of what he was trying to tell you first .
you ca n't even remember what he said so you ca n't rule out that you might be reading too much into this .
i do n't know how that happened anyway did you zone out when he was talking cause you were nervous ?
ask him to hang out and get to know him worst case scenario is you only gain a new cool friend .
however my mod pony 's quality of life has a feature that lets you always encounter sisyphus eurydice and patroclus every run .
ratm being the christmas number 1 single is my favourite christmas moment ever people were so pissed lmao .
i mean yeah but considering everyone is asking im sure people will start trying perhaps not soon but before the units get announced at least .
as far as i read the governor made it a requirement for all cali teachers/staff to get vaccinated before october 15 .
i also think rikka deserves a spot but knowing par he would probably make alot of awakenings for frieza too lol
this will be on the internet forever and brought up constantly because of the darwinism
this was a great post until you make the same mistake that the zealots make every time .
leaving the impression that stopping trying is just an unnecessary failure .
sometimes you do actually need to stop trying and no woman should feel guilty about it .
please stop adding to the burden of guilt that women who try and fail get from other people .
they have enough guilt from themselves they do n't need your judgment too .
its almost like we have a second variant going around that spreads more and the vaccine is a bit less effective against or something
a himekishi with a heroine as tall and buff as bageko would be something new and fresh
the ones that hurt me the most are right in between the eyes .
i suggest you figure out the ones that are most painful for you and next time do those first .
also be prepared for a slight crunchy '' sound .
it 's strange at first and i did n't know about it before my first so it threw me off a bit .
lastly if you grind your teeth at night you may want to ask for additional shots in your jaw .
it may take a few sessions to feel the full benefit just so you know .
to help make the experience more effective for everyone we do have some resources and rules for you to keep in mind .
 do you need to understand terms or acronyms ?
check out our links https www.reddit.com/r/narcissisticabuse/wiki/resources and book recommendations .
 we also have a sister sub for people actively in divorce/custody proceedings or that is coparenting with a abusive ex r/narcabuseanddivorce .
 looking to contact the moderators of the sub ?
we ca n't respond to individual posts all the time so please post your issues to the community rather than the mods if it 's not about a rule breaking issue or sub issue .
you can message the mod team here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnarcissisticabuse subject message .
please do not dm/pm mods directly or send them chat requests .
please add flair to your post so that it is searchable by topic and always use the trigger warning flairs when needed
be respectful and courteous with a focus on healing no flaming no revenge posts no wishing harm on abusers or others no outting publicly '' to the world on social media to get revenge
no identifying details no proper names including fake ones pictures images of texts/emails locations no continent country city province etc or specific details that may identify you to readers jobs hobbies schools etc
no crossposting or direct linking to this or other subs or posts .
no self-promotion in any fashion at all surveys fundraising or research posts are permitted
you must be the victim of the abuse that is the subject of the post not a friend relative or partner
please report content that violates our rules and do not engage on those posts at all
do not resubmit removed content if you get a report from automod about your post see the sticky announcement at the top of the sub regarding removals and be patient we will review them manually when we are available .
no politics soliciting dms or doing an ama on your own please
no segregation of posts by gender sexual orientation race age or culture
no family content in any context including parent/family at any level including family dynamics background/childhoods or the abusers family at all in any way
no inappropriate content tv shows movies books not releated to healing from abuse celebrities news or social discussions .
no title only posts including repeating the title in the body of the post emoticons saying the title says it all
if you are a narc or abuser you will be banned
we want you to have a safe and supportive experience so you get the most out of the community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/narcissisticabuse if you have any questions or concerns .
well just make sure to set that boundary which it seems like she 's uncomfortable with herself for doing it to begin with so i really do n't see this being a reoccurring or long-term problem .
like i said you ca n't force her to develop friendships but establishing those boundaries and over time with growth i 'm sure she 'll open up more .
i would n't get too caught up on this exchange though or end the relationship over it .
if it 's something that continuously starts happening and she 's being overly sneaky about then it would be a different story .
the pandemic has taken a huge toll too especially for someone that did n't already have established friendships with multiple people .
social lives are huge for your age group and it 's been hard to keep that up for the past year .
i have n't tried old in a while so i was going off of what someone once showed me .
i can judge letting hakan and gigio and likely kessie and romagnoli go for free yes .
if it 's a liability claim you wo n't have to sue .
their other party 's insurance company will handle that .
the person who spearheads poverty training may have something on her website but i could not find it .
and they also use their immunity to snake venom to get this eat snakes !
i ca n't remember if they will go after wasp and hornet nests to eat the larvae but i think raccoons will do that .
yes you do n't want them in your house or trash cans .
but these critters help control quite a few creatures that are of some level of danger or pain to humans .
harry winks is set to be handed a tottenham lifeline after impressing ' new manager nuno espirito santo .
he does n't have to be speedy gonzalez he just has to catch the ball
when i was in the 4th or 5th grade my grandmother taught me to bake pound cake .
until that i helped with a lot of stuff but did n't do anything by myself .
edit to add i did know how to scramble eggs before that .
i do n't remember when i actually learned it .
i think we fucked it up enough guys let 's sit this one out .
a guy in nyc was beaten almost to death for doing what you suggest
this is why we have a police force let them do their job
or cam did n't separate himself enough from brian hoyer as the backup to justify the price tag .
not to mention cam not being vaccinated and missing practices for not understanding the covid protocol .
i do n't want to get kicked out of college if my shirt lifts up wrong one time or something
hello it seems that you have posted something about a cia file .
please be advised no cia requests are allowed in posts .
you can post cia requests in the requests megathread that should be pinned to the top of this subreddit .
cia request posts will be promptly deleted by a mod .
if your post is n't requesting a cia file please ignore this message .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/3dspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
while you are 100 right that 's not how the books balance .
does n't matter if el neny is terrible he 's still getting paid and on the roster .
ca n't bring someone else in until that wage is shifted
i just liquidated half of my tec holdings today to take on some cash .
this etf has been a beast for me though .
i downloaded the apk from apkpure but it always gives failed to authenticate '' error
lol when i first came into the bar i thought huh this guy looks familiar ''
! then the second time i was like yo what the fuck ?
imo you should play the original diablo 2 lod to learn basics and be ready on d2r release .
you get bored with d2r switch to pd2 for more content better balance and variety .
for the past week gme has been consistently denied at 225
yeah platinum is halfway between bronze and ssl but in terms of the time it generally takes to get there champ 2 is the real halfway mark .
i have found reaching out to either ask for help or help someone else to be helpful in getting me through tikes of urges .
this past sunday i had major urges and called a few friends to chat which helped me get through skne tough moments .
other times i come on here just to give support to people which helps me too .
final thing is it seems pushing myself to get out and about is helpful .
like recently i went out in nature just for a few hours .
i did n't really what to do it but i forced myself to and that helped me get through that day also .
not sure if any of this helps i understand the struggle .
the best comparison i can make to illustrate my point is fallout 4 .
it 's arguably the best weapon in game and over at this point .
i think most of us would like to obtain a minigun after beating a legendary location but the devs have been consistent in not giving out handouts .
as much as we would like to satisfy our min-max ocd mentality all we can really do is hope we find great famed items .
i 'm sorry but unless initially going into the relationship it was already open to me this is a way he cheats without actually calling it cheating .
but it does n't sound like he has much sympathy for what you 're going through at this time .
he is still focused on him and his sex life .
i 'd wonder if he 'd also allow you to sleep with other men .
i did n't see any mention of that so i really do wonder how he would react to that .
if he reacts negatively you know why he is doing this .
i think it 's best the relationship ends while the ship is sinking .
what if he 's working his way up to trying to be a reputable breeder '' but has to start with craigslist to make his 1st sale ?
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
not a good idea to post ur full name on the internet
she did n't even offer some of the dick to her mom
i did n't see the original post but i do something similar with hair dye .
i get a box of the color that i want i try to find them on clearance .
i 've got a little dish that i mix it up in and i take an old mascara wand to mix and apply .
it lasts over a month and it costs less than 5 to do my eyebrows for a year .
my eyebrows are naturally transparent lol they 've just never been as dark as my hair and it looks weird
i would light them after dark when my bird is in his cage
no candles no incense aerosols are also a bad idea .
no one can make choices about the child but it 's creators .
cuz some of these are not as effective depending on ones build .
i am not excusing those degenerates by any means but rap battles are a little more personal than nfl games .
like she probably humiliated them on a personal level during the rap battle because that 's how you win a rap battle .
she did n't just beat them at a game she belittled them but it was supposed to be a game .
once again not making any excuses for those guys .
jail them under the jail for all i care .
please read the rules and guidelines in our sidebar before commenting .
abuse shaming sexism and encouraging violence/revenge are not tolerated here .
please review our community guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/infidelity/comments/nj93nw/how_to_write_a_good_post_for_rinfidelity on what makes for a good post to this sub .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/infidelity if you have any questions or concerns .
maybe i should be using daedric bows at level 1 .
plot twist they added this so that they could copyright strike anyone making these memes and make a fuck ton of extra cash off media creators who use it to make money
ca n't think of any characters i truly disliked on scrubs .
they also did the more realistic and sad scenes quite well .
i 'm just as shock as the guy before me .
i did n't imagine farion to look like that .
i see the unwholesome name but not a wholesome comment .
owh great so you have a superiority complex when someone 's younger than you .
tsushimas story is way more flawed than god of wars and that 's pretty obvious you just ca n't admit it
i 've had my kore belt at least 5 years it 's not the slim one but the regular dress 1 3/8 and while the back side is cracking and the leather is pretty beat up i 've worn it literally almost every day to hold up all pants .
i love it i 've lost weight and just sinched it tighter and gained back the weight and just been able to keep on using the same belt .
lol i just watched the video before you posted it !
it 's one of the reasons why i want a permanent remote job
the energy that uses your washing machine comes even if it is a bit from coal do n't say you 're not agree ...
welcome to r/tenant where tenants share their problems and seek advice from others .
if you 're posting a question make sure a country and state is in the title or beginning of your post .
us-va can you believe my landlord did this ? !
otherwise tag your post with the flair tenant update '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tenant if you have any questions or concerns .
does it actually tell time more than twice a day ?
that is a fair point and a much better example well received .
the only reason why they did n't painted the pool in other color is because they wanted to see if anyone is drowning when it happen .
and cast whatever i was watching to that fucking thing out of spite .
this looks like some sticky floor tweeter trying hype up their followers .
the gfc repos can contain mbss though so this might just show that there is no faith in them anymore .
often i do n't realize that they are n't at war with someone i am .
also it normally takes a few turns for them to think about attacking the target and then a few more to do anything else except attack the target .
everyone comes together to beat the shit out of each other and the small rat beats gods
but he did win me a fantasy championship a couple years ago ... .
are you implying that he 's stolen something that he did not earn ?
weirdest thing i was really sure they were nz .
i do n't see any ages listed in the post but either way the person might be super sheltered and in need of some info .
i can blame you when u/nomorecookies calls me a dictator 
hope it helps some new apes stay safe in the shit storm to follow .
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
rule 3 your post has been removed because it focuses too heavily on text or is a meme which detracts from the blursed-ness of the image .
your post was removed manually by a human but this comment was made by a bot .
if you have any questions please do not hesitate to message the mods .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/blursedimages subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/blursedimages/comments/peu72d 0d 0d
they just signed him to a big contract so they 're going to be very careful when he gets dinged .
i think aaron jones is a bit of a trap this year .
i passed on him at 9 in favor of davante and took aj dillon in the 9th .
no way you sign an almost 27 year old rb to that contract and then give him a huge workload .
so many years lost so many memories that were n't made so many opportunities lost .
though he is free now i hope he maki g the best of his life .
jon donner nanofabrica ceo added for manufacturers this is the goal
produce am parts without the need for time consuming and costly hard
tooling and with all the advantages am brings in terms of agility and
geometric complexity impossible using traditional production techniques is a large step forward for industry . ''
and also you could think about growing your business and hiring some good employees .
i knew they were eventually going to 3v1 him but yeah he was crushing zaheer before that .
in fact the more he kicked zaheers but the more i knew he was going to get ganged up on .
i love zaheer as a villain but i was getting real sick of how good he was as an airbender .
it was so satisfying watching tenzin and being like this is a fully realized air bending master ''
my baggage is quite light in comparison to others .
sanguisugabogg probably sold more t-shirts in a month than 10 bands do in their life time combined and made one of the worst death metal albums of the year .
this guy has talked about murdering his mum murdering his ex wife and has implied he would murder you for humiliating him .
he regularly talks about how women need to be beaten up by their partners .
your life is in danger if you stay with him .
does this even relate to a hero i know ?
also in my continued digging i found that authority zero has a pretty good live album as well .
tangentially related but some real good live tunes on there .
maybe hes good with procedures but was never that book smart .
if its wrong it ca n't be hard to disprove with more than word of mouth .
alright i did that i saw some type of error checking when i opened the file but autocompletion is still not working at all .
create a project this project must contain a file matching the root directory trigger .
is it the root folder of where i installed neovim ?
sometimes it 's better to have the cash for something better .
when u buy it back it increases ur cost basis .
the term wash sale ' is a misnomer imo .
wait 30 days if possible then wo n't take effect .
do not reply to dms of users that can not successfully comment https www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket/wiki/safetrading wiki_do_your_research.2c_both_on_the_items_and_the_other_user first on your post this is a safety measure to ensure they are not banned from the subreddit .
do not use paypal friends family https www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket/wiki/safetrading wiki_paypal_buyer.27s_protection_is_your_friend.2c_.a.k.a._friends_.26amp.3b_family_is_not_your_friend be cautious of alternative payment methods .
check the universal scammer list https universalscammerlist.com/search.php scamwatch meta https www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket/comments/nbpmkb/meta_scammers_scams especially before trades or purchases
be cautious of trades offers that are too good to be true requests to go off-platform and always request comprehensive timestamps https www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket/wiki/rules/rules wiki_timestamps
report suspicious activity to modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmechmarket
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mechmarket if you have any questions or concerns .
many states have stand your ground laws meaning if you attack me while i 'm carrying i am legally allowed to smoke your ass .
i do n't remember avoiding him but i guess i 'd probably have avoided him ' toby please stop talking .
i was referring to the people behind the game itself but there 's already a trans admech character so it would n't surprise me .
i do n't see why the imperium with its roman inspired religion would have a problem with queer people even if it is fascist .
i do n't see a lot of traditional gender roles in the propaganda of the imperium
a level 40 wizard slayer has 84 magic resistance .
same and especially considering how many people are missing work/school for this .
he literally told us 4 weeks after i subbed ...
it 's just that with claire we ca n't imagine her ever going back to the 20th century when jamie is alive and even when he is n't really but we can see brianna and roger both in the 18th and the 20th century .
there is no preference for one over the other the 20th century is still their time with safety and opportunities awaiting it 's different for jem since he 's only ever known the 18th century which makes him no different than jamie i guess .
there is nothing really as convincing for them in the past apart from jamie and claire 's presence and that 's not really something to build their entire lives around if they have to compromise so much .
they both have to let go of who they are/were in order to fit into the 18th century claire doesn'ton the contrary she has become her true self when she went back there .
and this is the logic we used to buy into .
carpal tunnel is wrist and is a pinched nerve so you can feel it all the time .
this is a sore muscle that i 've overexerted like a dumbass .
barbells will either be externally threaded or internally threaded .
external threading is where the threading is on the actual barbell and the ends have a hole in them .
internally threaded barbells have a hole in both ends of the barbell and the ends have threading on them .
externally threaded barbells tend to be made from cheaper metals whereas internally threaded barbells are usually much better quality .
if you have internally threaded barbells you do n't need to buy a whole new barbell .
the ends for 14g and 12g use the same size threading so having 12g barbells should n't be an issue .
omgg that reaction is soo apt emma watson 's reaction when she sees her new bull reveal his bbc for the first time .
she 's not used to them that big . ''
this is the perfect white girl reaction to seeing the bbc first time they are not used to seeing them that big .
the way her face made expression that can only be made when she sees her new black bull reveal his 8 inch bbc for the first time .
her reaction tells itself that she wo n't be going back to whitebois after this
she would definetly would be a bottom tree stormcaller !
and at the very least those were just really insensitive comments not flat out racist .
nvm i have n't even been playing dark souls that long i just remember something similar happening to me a few months ago
for clarity 's sake i drive for a living .
i 've almost guaranteed seen more drivers in more road conditions than you .
by far people in these goddamn trucks that never actually use them as trucks are my least favorite and least trusted drivers on the road .
remember that brief period in y1 when killing majors guaranteed a heavy brick drop ?
unfortunately that was double-primary days but the guaranteed deterministic heavy drops was one of the best features of that sandbox .
soon enough it 's gon na be a 1 year old girl and the boss introduces her as sexy as fuckkkk.
that was the term i remember from my freshman year in 08/09
no what 's factually true is that biden evacuated more people .
because the evacuation did n't begin until months after his term began .
i actually scrolled down for a comment like that .
not yours but the one you made a condescending reply to .
i 'm sure a lot of people enjoyed his sensible hank hill comment debby
i have 50 ash heep 1 maps with your name on them ?
in the last 100 years we have n't found anything that might suggest it 's possible .
it 's now established via accepted cosmology that although matter ca n't travel faster than local c it 's possible for spacetime itself to distort faster than c relative to neighbouring regions of spacetime .
humanity has not yet united qm and gr we do n't fully understand some very fundamental aspects of reality such as how spacetime becomes discrete at small scales and what implications this may hold for our ambitions to engineer spacetime .
again i am not arguing that practical ftl is possible but rather we lack a definitive proof that some form of ftl is not possible .
alright so if i am to accept that proposition you still are n't really saying that there is no state .
the argument sounds like it 's more the state is not what it appears to be
i 'm struggling to see how that translates to the us being stateless .
some entities be they media universities or whatever else still do control the levers of power thereby functioning as a state .
your post was removed due to your account being new .
your post will be reviewed by a moderator for approval .
if it is not approved within an hour feel free to contact https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fstrangerthings the moderation team .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/strangerthings if you have any questions or concerns .
hi op i 'm a lesbian white passing of similar background to you indian and white parents .
would be happy to chat if you 're interested .
your 8th point gets me all the time when i am watching movies/shows about survival .
first off matches/lighters are n't going to be around forever .
i consider myself a pretty seasoned outdoorsman and i ca n't start a fire rubbing two sticks together and i 've tried several times .
even if they are starting a fire with a lighter/match it takes more skill and experience than people realize to go from a small flame to a roaring fire .
beyond that if you are using a fire to constantly boil water or for warmth you are going to go through way more wood than most people realize .
freshly chopped down trees will still have green wood and it burns for crap ideally you are able to dry it for 6 months before burning it .
most likely what will happen is people will eat something they should n't or drink something they should n't and will die pretty quickly afterwards by not being able to gather and/or exposure .
sony still retains complete ownership to the film rights for spider-man and all of his associated characters despite licensing said rights to marvel for use in the mcu this is upheld through the release of a new spider-man film every 5.75 years according to the original contract in 1999 .
they also used to have complete control over the spider-man television rights until they relinquished them to marvel for a concession on the live action film rights in 2009 just before marvel was acquired by disney .
this is what abruptly ended the spectacular spider-man after just two seasons unfortunately
universal pictures still retains a right of first refusal '' over distributing standalone hulk films like the incredible hulk where hulk is the sole protagonist and not in a team-up situation like thor ragnarok or the avengers films which means while marvel retains final creative control over the hulk character and can put him in films themselves they have to sign off with universal when it comes to producing standalone hulk movies
namor seems to still be in a grey area for whatever reason .
always hear conflicting things about the status of who owns what regarding him .
smh this is n't a issue i for one am one of few who likes the game .
for once i can tell the difference in people 's stats when playing .
no more plugging in a 70ovr and have him feel like a 99 because he 's fast .
this just happened for me by chance and it 's literally been the best part of my 200 hours game play so far
i liked season 2 but i understand people who read the manga did n't like it .
then i 'll give you the my nintendo pikmin bag but with glitter on it
i sometimes fail to realize how unique each relationship is .
i 'm almost lost as to what point we are getting to now and we could go on forever .
i feel like everything is new and my brain threw out whatever we were just doing in general .
maybe we 're both adept with what we know ?
their jobs are to protest lol some of these people protest 5 days a week not kidding here .
while they are both tricksters their methods and reasons for doing so are different .
unlike tibalt oko plans are more complicated and well thought then tibalts .
while tibalt 's motivation is purely to inflict pain oko 's end goal is the dismantling of authority .
wow ... now i know where to try to sell my beginner tama set .
me too you saw what they did to the 2015 uofm team after msu beat them with a last second field goal ... .
some of you think you know better than kanye when you 've accomplished nothing ..
the lack of any meaningful content with your soulbinds was bewildering .
why bother making it sound important if you 're not going to address it at all ?
i read a study from israel that indicated 5 months .
maybe that 's where the newest data is coming from ?
i hope some of my raggedy ass coins can pump like that lol
i love owl house especially as a bi woman .
i 'll buy that jpn giovanni 's nidoking i 'll pass on the test .
are you sure your opinions '' are n't killing people ?
according to the cdc https www.cdc.gov/pcd/issues/2021/21_0123.htm of covid19 patients '' 94.9 had at least 1 underlying medical condition '' and lists anxiety disorders '' as a significant risk factor .
so the cdc 's recommendation is instead of working on those underlying conditions with therapy or going to the gym sit at home in fear while watching the news which dramatizes the pandemic .
that makes sense the cdc did pledge to base all public health decisions on the highest quality scientific data '' https www.cdc.gov/about/organization/mission.htm .
it 's almost like ... scientists and doctors make for bad public leaders !
i believe the military dogs like the german shepards i think were taken .
however the service dogs were released to run free and i think she stayed behind because she refused to leave them to die .
i 've been trying to find out what has happened to them .
male action heroes are always trying to fuck the girl .
lone echo i expect you to die 1 2 beat saber blade and sorcery rick and morty vr if he 's into that show vader immortal if he likes star wars beat saber ... so many good ones
i love that show sm but it always gets hate when mentioned here as far as i saw and it 's barely mentioned at all
as do i. i stay pretty quiet in here but i see the satire in that jts users comment .
what is the point of the george user bashing katie for the same exact thing morgan 's doing ?
the only difference is that he 's private because he 's bringing home multiple different women at the same time .
been playing for many years and i do n't just buy packs to crack .
i buy a booster box to just completely rip through .
'' once you 're an adult you realise you can just buy cake whenever you want .
if you 've never just cracked 36 packs in wild abandon you 've not lived .
especially when you hit that one mythic pull that just paid for the box.
it 'd be funny if leon sighed everytime a box or barrel was a stud .
the democrats rigged the election but trump won in a landslide .
trump is the one who is causing the taliban and hurricane not biden .
its trumps apprival ratings that are that low not bidens .
please answer me all my family left me because they say i 'm a conspiracy theorist .
but for real biden is doing the best he can with a bad situation .
we should have pulled out of afgan a long time ago and we just ripped off the bandaid .
i just hope it all ends well in the end .
i wonder if these people really think they 're gon na change biden 's mind or are they just circle-jerking ?
it was the last grand prix i attended in person .
he is a teacher but does n't pay attention to his daughter 's education
it 's okay to not know and to want to figure it out over time .
i 'd say start by telling him things you know you 're not comfortable with and things you do want .
and go from there try to talk about it .
i 'd maybe start that discussion somewhere that is n't a place you usually have sex .
like talk about it during the day while you 're having lunch instead of at night in bed .
i think it 's one of the best looking games i 've ever played .
i 've lived in the camper for a month and it 's a good size .
when i pull it i pull it loaded with fresh water for fire emergencies .
this way if i overheat brakes and they catch fire i can quickly spray them with water from the hose that is connected to the outside of the camper .
with it full of water passengers and gear i estimate an additional 2000 lbs of weight which is on the heavy side .
still i 'm under 7500 lbs which i 'm cool with because it 's 25 under the trucks max rated tow capacity .
i set the brake controller that came with the truck to 6.5 which seems to be perfect .
i do have a weight distribution hitch with a sway bar which helps a lot .
i 've had zero issues with accelerating or stopping .
give yourself plenty of space between you and the cat in front of you .
for reference my tundra is a 2021 double cab with the 6.5 ' bed and 4wd with the or package .
if you plan to pull it in areas with a lot of hill climbs spend the money and get a rear differential temperature sensor installed and get the bluetooth tpms temperature sensors for the camper tires .
it 's also good to keep an ir temperature gun so you can check temperatures of radiator differential and transmission from time to time .
lastly another trick i learned when pulling heavy weight get a harder sprayer and fill it with water .
this way if the truck starts running hot you can spray the radiator to cool it back down .
the vaccine is good for big pharma because dead people do n't take daily maintenance doses of medicine .
maybe my mom was right about rounding these people up .
as someone who works in kindergarten can i just say these supplies are needed for your child .
teachers will be buying them out of their own salary if parents do n't contribute something .
there are still many items we purchase for your kiddos because we love them and want them to have a fun year .
do you want them to have a fun year ?
please do n't shortchange your teacher by not supporting all he/she does to help and love your child .
he has adjusted to being blind but he is definitely not the same .
giving out personal information is not ok and probably against the rules
not even close to the others you mentioned but just an fyi .
also note that it is n't smooth under tops so you would see it if you wore a tight fitting t shirt .
i 'm smaller at 32 f uk size as we .
i normally would agree but i 've listened to it for about 8-10 hours since release and it 's still hitting bruh
yeah you ai n't seeing erika doing this for wherever georgia
i would n't be surprised if it released tomorrow right after the b3000 vid .
please ensure you have read the beginners guide https www.reddit.com/r/dhgate/comments/foovj3/dhgate_beginners_guide_and_faq_read_before_you trusted sellers list https www.reddit.com/r/dhgate/comments/o566cs/dhgate_trusted_sellers_list_2021_update and subreddit rules before posting .
additionally please try the following steps if you have not done so already
if you have not already tried these steps kindly delete your post and continue searching on your own .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dhgate if you have any questions or concerns .
it is based on rob schwalb 's original vision for the 5e class system but even further fleshed out .
he got overruled and themes were bastardized into subclasses .
the whole of sotdl really boils down to him taking all his experience from 5e and wfrp and making his ideal game .
turns out he should have been lead designer for 5e .
yo if you wan na help me out heres mine i9rjim just tryin to get that referral skin .
just use what your prof uses easier rin makasunod that way
for me the food in wine and france was far superior to italy .
i think the best meal i 've ever had was 10 euros worth of cheese and wine from the grocery store in paris .
i bow to your up to date knowledge i wondered why maryland was so far up the list now .
my wife 32f and i 27m have 0 in savings not enough in checking to cover all bills this period and 60k debt .
i honestly have no idea how so many of you manage to have so much .
ive never seen 15k in my life let alone had it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigasses if you have any questions or concerns .
i would love to see it back in stock 
i just joined the 171 brave souls to run ghost of ramirez and tormond the desecrator .
so many different ways to build all of them cheap .
take advantage of self discard transmute dredge cycling and surveil mechanics .
unless you are running nonthemed staples like cyclonic rift rhystic study phyrexian arena toxic deluge expensive rocks/tutors etc you can get a deck up and running for about 100 .
eu amo esse vdeo quem amou tbm da up volt lol ' '
i just googled ubc student services phone number and called
can someone please interpret these results test was done from 7/12/21 7/14/21
the predominant rhythm was sinus bradycardia to sinus tachycardia with sinus arrhythmia
the maximum heart rate recorded was 139 bpm day 1 09:30:39 pm the minimum heart rate recorded was 39 bpm .
day 2 08:24:57 am and the average heart rate was 66 bpm .
there we 're 6 pvcs with a burden of 0.01
there was 1 occurrence of supraventricular tachycardia with the longest episode 5 beats day 1 05:43:50 pm
diary events were entered there were 17 patient triggered events
there are occasional psvc 's recorded patient triggers corrorlate best with pacs
currently figuring out myself and want to grow out my hair .
the only problem is that it is very fine and falls out a bit .
anyone have any advice as to what kind of shampoo and conditioner to use and how often to wash my hair to help it grow ?
so i was coming back from a hunt and i visit admiral zai and be like hmmm what if grenade would be an actual ability of the repeaters and u could change the type like mods .
another idea is you can run while having your guns drawn but the guns are facing up wards and cant shoot but you can shoot while sprinting only if you run sideways .
that 's jus my thoughts i hope the repeaters rework will be awesome
we are recruiting uk adult females for a study that is examining exposure to pornography and potential impacts it might have .
this is an area well researched in males but very little attention is paid to females .
we will also be comparing our uk responses to those from china where pornography is illegal .
with the aksumites recently taken control of some of the major population centres to the north and the sassanids vassalizing the arabs in the east the himyari https m.facebook.com/100415201639633/photos/a.100417638306056/100417581639395 ? type=3 source=44 king calls for a gathering of the several tribesmen not only within his realm but also those under his sphere of influence in the asir tihama hijaz plateus qamar and hajar mountains sands of najd and marshes of mesopotamia .
the capital city of zafar had never before seen such mass gathering of tribe leaders warriors and slaves .
for three whole days men women and children were chewing khat and drinking alcoholic beverages derived from the finest of yemeni honey dates and wheat of which the most potent is called ithm .
at the last day of the gathering malik kaab abu asad al himyari was recorded to having solidified saba hadramut and qataban tribes as an integral part of the himyari tribal confederation with each region governed by their local nobilities .
the motions are set and plans are underway to regain the lost territories of tihama asir and najran from the aksumites whilst abu asad retreated from his campaigns from the north .
the following week after the gatherings a messenger was sent to the local vassals of the aksumites in yemen on behalf of the himyari king promising assistance by funds and warriors for revolt against the aksumites .
do not allow yourselves to be oppressed for we are all the children of hud and so we must remain free .
if you rise up against the aksumites we shall assist you with funds and warriors .
no longer shall our good women be taken as concubines and ournmen turned into eunuchs . ''
the persians on the other hand are a different story .
although officially allies due to the sassanids friendliness towards jews and relative hostility towards christians abu asad is naturally weary of them due to their colonial ambitions in the islands of socotra and the land of majan .
however it seems that diplomacy would be a better way to deal with the sassanids from keeping them from grabbing more territories and so a messenger was sent to the shah with gifts and slaves .
will the emporer be interested in a dynastic marriage ?
the eldest daughter of abu asad is soon to come of age and so we propose for a betrothal to the emporer 's heir in order to link the two houses together . ''
so i am on day 6 on my mtf journey and when i went to the bathroom and looked and my legs behind had changed !
sorry if i have n't been posting on here it 's cause i was busy lol !
i am considering getting another broadband package for myself as i like to live stream etc and need my own dedicated broadband service .
the company has said they can do it its the same company and that it would not affect the other broadband package in my household .
for clarification the first service is owned by my father and the second would be in my name etc .
i am just very confused how this works and feel like surely it must affect the other in some way as it would be using the same line to the household .
could someone break this down for me so i can make the right choice here as the last thing i want is for the other connection to suffer due to the already existing broadband service .
i 'm looking for spd shoes for long bike trips that also work as comfortable shoes for walking around .
i need to reduce my weight in my bike bags and having an extra pair of regular shoes seems unnecessary .
i am new to paintball i made absolutely sure i followed all the rules on the field .
i went to a field and after a couple games 2 people who were a duo got mad that they kept getting out by me i only shot them once i did n't full auto or cheat .
i had a problem with nobody the whole day except them .
after i got them out again they refused to walk away started firing at me full auto and charged after me and tackled me it became a fist fight from there i had to defend myself .
they ran away then told the referee that i attacked them with absolutely no proof and that was an absolute bull shit lie .
without any proof and the truth of the matter being it was them that attacked me i 'm the one that gets kicked out .
this was the first time this ever happened to me and i was lost for words .
is this how it 's like all on all fields ?
do i have to bring a gopro to cover my ass next time or a friend ?
and what do i do when players start complaining i have a gopro ?
i had used this tool for a long time without issues but it just wo n't start at all i went to malwarbytes support and asked for help
here is the thread if you do n't believe me
i 'm positive this will not be fixed at all so what other adware removaltools are there that you can recommend me ?
i feel recently that i want to break up with my boyfriend shut out my family and be completely on my own and independent .
long story short after my mum died it 's been a rollercoaster of emotions and things that i have to deal with .
my boyfriend got our first place as soon as my mum was diagnosed with cancer .
i suffered from depression after losing her so i could barely mentally function and especially physically so my partner was basically looking after me and the house .
my narcissistic father turned on me and tried to turn family against me .
anyway the past 9 months i 've been living on my own in my aunties house as she 's living to care for my gran and my boyfriend has gone back to his parents .
i do n't want to waffle here with too much but my partner and i have been together for 5 years and it was amazing up until this point and we 've been trying to stay together because we do love each other .
but he went through a stage where it was too much and wanted to break up and i sacrificed a lot of my own feelings to help him .
now it 's switched around and i feel i just want to shut everyone out and be my own independent person and not deal with anyone else !
i love him and my family but i just want to look after me again .
i ca n't afford therapy and i 'm on antidepressants .
i 'm generally okay in myself i 'm not suicidal anymore and i 'm quite happy but i just feel i want to shut people out .
i love living on my own and i feel i want it to stay that way until i find myself again .
i 'm not even sure what i need from this but i suppose any advice or maybe someone else 's story so i do n't feel so alone ?
noticed this morning from 9:42 to 9:46 am it took roughly volume of 137k to move the price down 4 and from 12:48 to 12:57pm it took roughly 30k volume to move the price up 2 .
using fidelity trade app do n't use reddit on my trading pc  but someone smarter can verify .
usually my fyp is viral videos that are hilarious a mix of celebrities or just random videos .
now it 's only showing me videos with low view counts the same videos from the same creators there 's some videos from my contacts and people i follow as well .
i get the fyp page is supposed to be curated especially for me but it seems like it 's way different from how it used to be .
long story short i 'm almost out of stones of ephemeral eyes soi have to choose between getting pbwt in world 2 or in world 3 .
is it best to get it in world 2 and get taliman of beasts from scirvir or world 3 and get rydell 's weapon ?
ps i 've read that i can farm them on level 5-1 or 5-2 but killing these bp giants is almost impossible and the pool of babies is a painful farming method that has n't dropped a single stone in 20 minutes.any realiable alternative ?
i have an extra ticket to see krewella this weekend at sound bar .
i 'm 6'2 230 white vaxed sane and 420 friendly .
i recently finished reading fawn brodie 's no man knows my history '' excellent btw and she makes a comment about how joseph has an amazing ability to get others to have visions for him yet then offers no explanation as to how these vision were to come about either faith explanation or some mundane description .
are there any good resources that go into details as to how these visions and miracles came about from a historical perspective ?
19 century had tons of people who claimed to have spiritual visions and prophesied all the time so it could be explained as an extension of this cultural quirk .
the statements of the 3 and 8 witnesses is murky with one i think oliver cowdery ?
having stated he saw the plates with spiritual eyes '' .
joseph often would start a mystical sermon and ask can you see it ? ''
i 'm paraphrasing and know this is not correct but i do n't have the resource on hand to quote it correctly and then wait for people to shout their own conclusions which could potentially lead to a self-stimulation of a vision .
fawn brodie mentioned many healings attempted with no resulting miracle .
even with all of that i would love to know of more resources that talk to how he potentially effectuated miracles and got people to see visions .
i 'd love for an explanation of how joseph healed the lady with the arm and some of the healing of illnesses that are mentioned in brodie 's book and how some of the later visions had by people came about .
thanks for participating in our chimom bnb liquidity staking !
you can claim your chimom rewards anytime at the same page where you have staked !
we still have a lot going on at our sparkdefi liquidity staking !
head on to https app.srk.finance participate and be rewarded !
pelosi 's fridge is an act of terrorism all its own .
is that a cap on the end of the tanks barrel ?
yes they own it but much more a coffee house deli where you order at the counter .
was right across the street from one of the taverns .
you have to be a very low individual to think it 's not a big deal .
all responsible gun owners '' forget where there gun is that 's the nra 's catch phrase .
to learn more about verification or to verify please read how to get verified https www.reddit.com/r/averagepenis/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/averagepenis if you have any questions or concerns .
we 've been sleeping with him but it 's apparently not working well for him .
edit i think i move too much and disturb him so we are trying other approaches .
it 's slow progress and meh while finding whatever works for him .
i 'm doing 5 's pro sets during my main blocks so no amrap on bbb but i 'll be building up to rep prs at the end .
playlist name crying on the dance floor https open.spotify.com/playlist/4x7b7kxh9v1mhaesrwnnci ? si=btym84z4sugcoebvcnogaq dl_branch=1
they could have given everyone in the game 1 gold as compensation and that would fulfill the objectively did something '' requirement .
in a game with effort based progression giving people max level accounts and then giving them the option '' to give them back is a joke .
they said and you said that they did something when the something '' they did can simply be declined ?
that 's a game breaking glitch and the affected players can simply decline the fix .
i highly doubt ideology girl can call a cataphract death squad .
as a sahp you will want a joint account .
he can have his own for his discretionary money if he wants but you guys need equal access to the budget money because it is family money now .
with one income households it 's not yours and his .
it 's the family is being supported in x way by each person .
you may also want to keep your own separate account for any odd jobs you pick up or to keep your discretionary funds .
but family money needs to be accessible by both adults .
hey lois wan na see me one-shot that bahamut you thought was well timed for the angel gory and angelic hippoe wave ? ''
are people really surprised that chris chan has done something like this ?
it should n't take more than a couple of minutes of looking at her normal actions to see that she 's unwell .
well whoever 's he is should be happy too .
from what i know and understand open bench work is preformed in laboratories which are very clean and usually have air filtration which keeps those rooms at positive pressure and therefore not allowing any contaminants to get in .
when working at home the surroundings are more dirty and the air in the room is most likely sworming with mold spores and bacteria .
without a dedicated positive pressure clean room the next best thing is a sab or flow hood .
yeah i want to see you one shot a fed top laner
he means god as in the nature of the whole universe i guess .
i 'll have to create a temp account and try to access it .
is there a way to make it so i do n't see posts from this sub ?
the royals ' jobs as public ceremonial figureheads begin as soon as they 're born if not earlier .
if anything this is more of a grass is greener scenario where many people would be willing to give they 're identity as individuals if it meant living in a palace with dozens of servants and security at your beck and call but some people are n't in favor of the freedom to choose .
does n't it seem more likely it 's antisemites posing as jews ?
i love my dad he 's been the best father he can be to me my brother and even my sister in law whom he calls his second daughter .
but mommy dearest she 's hurt and abused all of us and is a major narcissist .
always pointing fingers at everyone and ca n't see the fingers pointed right back at her .
i tried for years to have a positive relationship with her but after her friend told me that the world would be a better place if i were to kill myself because i 'm not religious and mommy dearest heard it all and did n't come to my defense her silence was enough of an agreement for me i gave up on her .
alonso needs to hold up hamilton for his teammate here
we have a hard cap because we offered the bae to wes and is most certainly going to offer someone the mle .
while its true that we can offer caruso the max due to owning his bird rights this is assuming the resulting amount does n't go above the hard cap .
and if we offer caruso too much we wont even have enough cap space to fill up players 11 to 15 .
this situation occurred just last year where slot 15 can only be filled at the deadline after prorating the salary of a vet min .
are you really trying to tape the anti-vax movement to police reform ?
i know you guys are n't known for being thinkers but this is a new low .
first not all vaccines are a weakened or small amount of a pathogen so that 's only half right .
some teach your body to make antigens without needing the pathogen .
second how do you know that anything you 've ever eaten or consumed in any other way contains what it says on the package ?
will you stop eating now or will you only eat what you 've grown or killed yourself ?
and hey even if it 's food you 've grown how can you be sure that the seeds you were given were n't altered in any way ?
the rest of your comment is a frankenquestion cobbled together from pieces of other questions .
it 's impossible to give you an answer that will satisfy everything it poses because the problems are not the same .
so move to one of those countries and demand that they mandate vaccines .
isme cringe kya hai usne bas apna review likha hai .
ha woh alag baat hai ki isne pubg ke alawa kuchh nahi khela hoga or jisne pubg ko bekar bola hoga usko mas bhen ki galian nikali hongi stereotype hai pubg walo ke liye  .
lizzo is one of the most positive intelligent interesting celebs we have right now yet people lost their minds over her for the stupidest fucking reasons https www.bitchmedia.org/article/truth-hurts-fat-black-too-good-to-cancel .
i just googled something to link here ... of course now she had to deal with a rumor that she squashed someone while stage diving because hurr hurr fatty fatty boom boom amirite ?
and the pervasive and stupid notion that she made music for white people ? ''
... .what ... .just ... what ... .again she 's one of the most unapologetically black girls out there have you seen any of her fucking videos she speaks out on real shit more than chris fucking brownie points yet folks keep giving him a pass as if he is n't an abusive usher ripoff ...
someone like her gets torn down while we elevate our meanest and stupidest .
hey dude i can tell you already that you are going into a big topic that is going to need to be broken down .
i can not offer precise sources because depending on what you are looking for your sources are going to differ wildly .
however i can offer you a methodology to get started
1 you need to go in with the right mind-set these are not costumes '' per say but material culture or clothing because the people that originally wore them did not treat them as costumes '' .
these were items that people chose to wear for a variety of reasons suited to their own needs/wants .
2 this is a huge topic that you are going to need to narrow down to a pretty narrow band because people will vary their clothing based on thei**r location season social class gender and profession .
you ca n't just say anything pre 1600 '' because that still encompasses the whole world and around 5000 years of human history .
are you a neolithic hunter in the lower indus valley ?
are you a greek farmer circa the 1st persian wars ?
are you a noblewoman in the aztec city of tenochtitlan before the spanish conquest ?
3 the 1st thing you should do now is a pick a culture and a time period because that already narrows down locations .
then pick a particular social class gender and a profession .
because people 's fashion choices are determined by those factors .
the more specific you are the better because if you are looking for accuracy that is your best bet .
not going to be easy because certain things are better documented than others .
nobility royalty and the highly educated strata tend to write things down or have their material culture preserved or documented better than your average lower classes simply because they are deemed more important .
its harder to research and understand lower classes enslaved individuals and minorities because they do not tend to leave as much behind or their stuff is not as well preserved .
4 aim for first what we call primary sources '' archeological evidence museum pieces and extant originals are by far the best .
1st hand accounts by people who have been there are also decent but take them with a grain of salt though do your homework and take into account the narrator and the bias/agenda they might have .
a roman author describing how germanic tribes live and dress will have a certain perspective that might not be as accurate to reality .
furthermore lots of 1st hand accounts especially by early historians were heavily based on hearsay/gossip .
still they retain a lot of value because at the very least they can inform us as to how certain groups were perceived or stereotyped as .
5 depending on how many primary sources you have available you might need to draw more or less from secondary sources '' a.k.a books and research papers published by accredited historians .
while sometimes not as detailed or comprehensive as one may want they still offer great insight and context into what you looking for .
not an expert but i have worked in museums centered around portraying 18th century history for 2-3 years and currently do a lot of material culture research and garment recreation .
if others want to pitch in and offer a better answer please do .
actually no assent is not a formality it has been used actively i guess you have n't read this recent story e.g .
she used it to massively cut taxation of her estate https www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2021/jul/28/revealed-queen-vetted-67-laws-before-scottish-parliament-pass-them
i started with a brandnew and capable laptop with bt too .
trainer is a tack flux s. had lots of disconnects often mid-ride .
i bought a cheap ant+/usb dongle and connected it to an usb cable that i placed close to the trainer .
it kind of turned into a grind experiment with different orbs and arrows .
an explosive arrow followed with a poison arrow only did 500-ish damage which on a 150,000 hp vault would have both taken forever and cost way too much .
i did end up just using bombs but i was caught off guard by how different my results were from what i was seeing on youtube .
even the last firespark video had bombs doing way more damage than what i was seeing .
share offering atm has red days simply because more shares hitting the market drops the price .
the red is n't necessarily related to shfs shorting it during the offering .
that being said they could have shorted it during the offering to amplify the drop in price .
do we know what it means for a firm to participate in a share offering ?
i thought the share offerings were done through jeffrey 's only .
so would n't this rule only apply to them ?
i love how every word in this question just gets louder
he was obviously very intelligent and had some good insight .
i think 50 of what he produced was valid and 50 was junk .
i do n't think a character making a questionable judgement call and then later making a different choice is necessarily bad writing .
i appreciate it d everyone did a great job !
i really could n't get over the little frog you put foxy up against it was as charming as it was meaningful .
for how cheap you can pick up a good running rx-8 you can afford to buy a cat to put in for testing .
depends if you 're able to do it yourself .
not florida im saying nevada cuz its only area 51 and vegas
if it looks like a duck walks like a duck and quacks like a duck ...
amenoma is best on ayaka or jean and decent on kaeya too
iron sting is best on kazuha and decent on anemo traveler as well
rancour can be used on kaeya jean or keqing if you build them for physical damage however that 's not really the primary role for any of them so it 's more of a niche pick for now .
maybe better in the future if we get a more dedicated physical sword user added to the game
see the posting guidelines rule 3 for more detail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bodyweightfitness if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah because it 's not like tennessee voted for a law for students to basically be sexually assaulted by people who are not pediatricians if they claim they 're trans yea that 's not oppression mate but not saying slurs is sure sure that makes sense
if you are n't intune with the 2023 draft class prospects this is probably fine .
but if that high first turns out to be bijan robinson i think you lost .
you need help the system got you believing all types of fugazies
i figure the roller derby club is pretty happy all around .
free publicity and a nice little payout in the end hopefully .
my understanding is that as long as the host has the dlc then everyone can play it actually
otherwise why do n't you shut up take your own shit in the mouth and have some empathy
personally i would do this but op had responded to everyone that said hook it to the car with a form of i do n't want to hook it to the car . ''
if i was going to try to self sustain it i would go solar since i am in florida and get lots of sun and supplement with a power connection to the car .
for those who do n't know what that is it is an alternator hooked up to a weed wacker motor with a pair of jumper cables that can be hooked up in between runs to charge the system without having an alternator putting a load on the engine .
it would suck to have your house battery dead and then you have to go drive 30 miles with the camper to recover your house lights .
i think the screen not displaying was a ram issue but the bsod stuff is more of my issue now
is vomiting to get the sound right optional for foreign speakers ?
because overmorrow would be just the way a german would say it .
it looks distorted because the us is at a different latitude than we 're used to seeing it .
did have a small amount of shiba but fully knew at all times it was a ponzi !
one guy did that in my team and fed the riven she was unkillable and could easily 1v5 so we had to ff
you do n't really get a whole lot to be honest .
you do get access to a few new awards and badges and stuff but that 's about it .
i did it more just to try and support the sub .
i get more than 5/month out of it in moons just because people are nice enough to upvote when they like something i say pretty cool concept !
so why not give back a piece of that .
i get a lot of valuable information from the sub and laughs from the shitposts .
hold up i 've burnt things in a metal pot to cinders .
i do n't think a fire in the pot could really have much of a chance to spread could it ? ?
and the burners on the stove should be safe to leave on for hours cuz i 've cooked chili on the stove for like 12 hours before .
yta btw op you blew up for no reason imo .
good lord i thought her sleeve was part of her leg and she was doing a split .
you say you do n't understand systemic oppression i believe you .
no it 's a fundamental question about whether you care about only yourself or also about others .
pbta is all about fictional positioning and letting the fiction lead .
if your character can firebend they 'll open up all sorts of different way to interact with the world and trigger different moves using the beneficial positioning fire bending gives them .
if you can explain how your bending will help or let you do something you can just do it and possibly trigger one of the moves depending on exactly what you 're doing
masks which was designed by the same person deals with superpowers in a very similar way .
you do n't get specific rules or moves for this or that power but you can use your powers in the story to do whatever makes sense and trigger a move .
so if you 're telekinetic you could protect your ally across the room by throwing out a mental force field but you 're not going to be able to do that if you 're just really good at martial arts .
it works well once you get used to the idea that the fiction leads and the game does n't require a ton of specific mechanics for each possible interaction as a result .
sorry but who in their right mind would cheat when you looking that fine
i 'm gon na have a look as well as i recently used dataframe so i might find it useful .
i do n't experiment with any of that stuff ... i wo n't have board cards or anything like that in my house .
i see a lot of comments on 'why is it your dream camera ' etc .
i can understand some of the comments op is making because it sounds very similar to how i would talk about my 'dream car ' .
when i was a teenager i dreamed of having a fastback mustang .
now decades later of course cars are faster safer more features etc .
but this does n't stop it from being something i really desired and hoped to obtain and that motivation/memory is pretty strong .
i can also understand op might have planned on being able to save to get it and now recognizing they could n't save fast enough .
now the camera is different in that its really a tool for doing something although one can argue a car is a tool to get from one place to another .
there is also a reality of the 5dsr still being an amazing camera that is n't negated by a newer one coming out .
op is young my advice is not to worry about it .
if you could n't afford it now it does n't matter that its not being sold because you could n't buy it anyway .
by the time you can afford it you will be able to find someone that will have a new one or you will have a new dream car camera .
well it 's not exactly her fault she agreed on making money out of that video not the video itself .
i guess it she really did n't want to film that she would have said no but you know she is like most of us enslaved by money !
a 20 gauge single shot or repeater bolt lever pump break open will kick significantly harder than a 12 gauge auto loader .
here is one for your future ... you know how people with kids think everyone should have one ?
it is because they want everyone else as miserable as they are .
i lived across from saiguette 106 and columbus ave and really enjoyed their banh mis also second the cacio e pepe slice from mamas too
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/legalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
like so much in the bom and other js fantasies it is much exaggerated .
biggest most least rose up with out a head etc .
ipad gen 8 though does not have gen 2 pencil support .
people do n't think it be like it is but it do .
i 've seen it even the long lines at the rentals in the airport ... it 's horrible
we used to think it was in the family for 5 generations but recently we 've been doubting that .
at the very least it was my great grandfathers but further back than that we ca n't know for sure .
the man thought his mother who has been dead for over ten years was still alive .
he 's completely senile to the point i ca n't even be mad at him .
just give him a nice warm blanket a cup of milk and let him live out his final years in peace for fucks sakes .
when you can make more money with less work from cattle .
i do n't see how growing hemp is more work than rearing cattle .
sow it spray it wait for it to grow cut it .
is it weird that i see chongyun as a sub but also a top ?
like i can easily see xingqiu being his bottom but xingqiu is telling him what to do lol .
every movie aimed at girls gets critised to death but the 1000th movie like john wick and the like which are also just dumb power fantasies for boys/men are just allowed to exist .
pretty much the whole genre of action movies just exists so boys can put thenselves into the role of a badass hero but when it has a female protagonist then oh no it 's such a mary sue how stupid .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
i believe that was because he dropped 20 or so pounds
the current president and current party leadership blindly backed the accused rapist every step of the way from rape allegations through lewinsky .
no need to apologize healthy discussions are important for growth .
i 'll admit that i 've never given an even distribution slightly skewed a chance so i would n't know how well counting pips works in comparison .
it just seemed like the way to do it which i can admit may be most likely is wrong haha .
i will say i 've found it works better in two colour decks than three or four colours .
my recent ruw attempt at a deck only had a splash of white in it and it struggled during playtesting on achieving enoung white mana .
okay i guess i should explain further i am very new to the cwc sub but have known of them for years .
but a word built on years and years of murder and oppression vs gender preference of someone who will never see my comments are 2 very different things .
i respect pronouns when i respect the person but when it comes to a despicable human being like this i think this person only deserves the worst .
that 's my opinion but i think pronouns and slurs are not comparable .
the only reason i disagree with the turn yourself in and explain is because the system does n't always work and sometimes innocents get imprisoned .
and in this case everything was working against john b
i can count the people i would want to socialize with at the office on one hand ...
yeah he ai n't but seriously in all my life i 've never seen anything good dine by gypsies hell everything i 've seen is far from good
no we should open our border and only allow immigrants with the skillset we require and not a free for all .
we do n't need immigrants to come over and open another dozen car washes within a 2 mile radius to exploit other immigrants we need people with speific skillsets .
eldritch adept because who would n't want to see in darkness easily
geralmente uma mulher que diz isso  a mesma que seus pais ou aqueles bons amigos que todo mundo tem aconselham a ficar longe de voc e quase sempre acaba se encontrando com pessoas piores do que ela na vida .
is the new big kamui 6 sword for a-kamui ?
if doge gets to 1 i 'm framing this and hanging it on my wall .
shrug more names for gamers to rage at i guess .
is n't an insta account and like i said could care less
i 'm not even a lesbian and i kinda want her..
i have been using a similar joint case no paper slot for months and it seems to really prevent roaches from stinking up my car .
if you put your nose right up to it you can get a faint wiff but fresh bud does not stink through it at all in my experience
the turing test is a method of inquiry in artificial intelligence ai for determining whether or not a computer is capable of thinking like a human being .
does not apply when replying to this stickied comment .
what this means please keep any meta '' discussion directed at specific users mods or r/conspiracy in general in this comment chain only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
please note that a response does not constitute a doctor-patient relationship .
this subreddit is for informal second opinions and casual information .
the mod team does their best to remove bad information but we do not catch all of it .
always visit a doctor in real life if you have any concerns about your health .
never use this subreddit as your first and final source of information regarding your question .
by posting you are agreeing to our terms of use https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/wiki/terms_of_use and understand that all information is taken at your own risk .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdocs if you have any questions or concerns .
at first in 2014 this tragedy shocked me when it appeared in the news .
after the conclusion in june 2014 that it must have been an accident i still felt terrible for the girls and their families but there was a clear answer .
until a couple of months ago when i saw todd grande telling his view on this case and since then like you all i am trying to find answers for what really might have happened to them .
the work of scarlet and her information on koudekaas.blogspot.com as well as from imperfectplan gave me a broader view and i really hope that all the involvement and critical questions asked also from people here brings this case a little further .
when i was in kindergarten i masturbated still clothes on when we would watch movies .
i never knew what i was doing i just knew it felt good .
i do n't remember ever being caught by the teacher because it was dark but i am pretty sure the kids next to me saw what i was doing .
i was getting about 60 per day for the dog sitting .
pricey enough but the family i nannied for lived in the pasadena area and their dog needed timed meds throughout the day .
edit btw several people have already corrected you and explained to you why your original comment about the origin of the word abogado was wrong .
also the theme song was good and character select .
as for theories i think he falls into the john did not do it but someone else who is not on the police radar did more than likely related to the drug culture that was starting in iowa at the time ...
just curious what makes him think or what do you think makes him thinks it 's related to the drug trade ?
jodi was n't a crime reporter and her boss has said that he would n't have assigned her any crime stories .
no i think that 's a really far stretch .
but what about the difference makes haskell a better rec than rust ?
with peace and love i stay away from faux news for my own mental health lol
were you getting injured a lot prior to wearing the brace ?
i guess its diff for lifting but do you feel it impairs your mobility ?
yea which is so ridiculous bc they 're only in the store for like 5 mins to get their drink at most .
this is the same asshole who has spouted off daily about how there was nothing going on except some peaceful tourist wander around the capitol on january 6th .
i have the right to treat you this way because i 'm better than you ''
hey u/precum-postcum unfortunately your account does n't reach our minimum requirements for posting to our subredit .
messaging mods and asking for minimums will result in a 30-day ban .
grow your account posting elsewere on reddit and come back later .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/analgw if you have any questions or concerns .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/babes if you have any questions or concerns .
i have the possible ability to put an experiment in a microgravity situation for 6 minutes via rocket any ideas on how i could observe something regarding this ?
my original idea was to make a quantum random number generator and to observe any change in the noise .
i have similar symptoms as yourself brain fog tingling and twitching in limbs etc.. which for the past two years was called depression and anxiety .
which at the point i would say that yes i definitely am depressed and anxious because i feel like garbage .
it 's unbelievable hard to be taken seriously as a woman .
i wish you all the best and thank you for sharing this story it 's kicked me in the buy to get yet another opinion .
in the movie when they show all the criticism of the song i was like yeah they are correct '' .
too bad the crabs in a bucket mentality is so deeply instilled in so many people 's view of work .
i was going to say nah but after that terrible rant she gave hoping your daughter would be kidnapped definitely nta .
i 'm so sorry this incident caused such a rift in your relationship but your daughter 's safety does come first .
i think oculus would be the one for me the movie does n't use cheap gimmicks or even as many jump scares to scare you .
its the way the movie is directed that makes you go woah .
i remember hearing that they stopped reporting crime stats because it got that bad
how can you possibly call spurs signing romero a deal 'completely out of nowhere ' when it 's been talked about for weeks ?
lmao you do n't know anything about the celestial or shamanism and you should delete this point
what do you think about let the other guy go further ?
if someone started their argument with well santa and the easter bunny said '' you 'd stop them dead in their tracks .
the same goes for starting with any position based on religion .
their video for the song https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=8k0eac3abq8 has since become a beautiful tribute for sam lloyd .
calum was bragging enough about it on his youtube that it was worth a try .
my abombs are dosed at 50 and did an equal dbol dose .
it 's funny that you mention that i very much enjoy the blue pig but i recently had an acquaintance try it who had never had dark tea before and right away she said it tasted fishy !
answer police officers lean very far right and supported trump .
they likely had a hand in supporting the insurrectionists videos are out there of the police removing barriers and encouraging them .
they do n't want to be shamed by being arrested by the fbi .
how tf does someone have 1200 hours but there 's 700 hours in a month
i usually had to babysit my sister who is 3 years younger than me .
we usually did n't get into any mischief because we would have to clean it up .
but the problem with smoking is n't the addiction .
the problem with smoking is it 's highly carcinogenic damaging to the body and will kill you .
also smoking produces smoke which can have a significant impact on other people especially children .
that caffeine gets glossed over as an addictive substance .
everyone recognises that it is addictive but it is also far easier to quit than something like your previous example of smoking .
that they would n't need had they never started drinking it in the first place .
caffeine is a stimulant it helps you focus and a part of that is waking you up .
many people simply do not function well in the morning even people who do n't drink coffee and for those people coffee can allow them to function .
just because you function fine in a morning is not evidence against coffee helping people function in a morning .
inevitably us non-coffee drinkers are going to have to clean up after your morning fix .
if your division of chores is such that one person does washing and the person doing washing does n't drink coffee then sure .
but if you do n't divide chores that way then the coffee drinker leaving their mug unwashed is an asshole and you 're enabling their messy behaviour .
i 'm sure you drink something that your coffee drinking friends do n't tea hot chocolate water orange juice idfk .
but they 're just as likely to have to deal with the cups you use for that as you are to deal with their coffee cup .
i despise the amalgam of ways people cook up their black powder and then talk up the flavour as if it tastes like something other than a dirty sock .
well coffee like anything else is a subjective taste .
for you especially as an ex-smoker as smoking does a lot of damage to your sense of taste and smell you might both dislike the taste of coffee and not have enough experience or enough of a sense of taste to tell the difference between different coffee 's .
but coffee has a wide range of different flavours styles etc .
take chocolate sugar is also an addictive substance and some people love it some people hate it .
some people love a strong dark chocolate some people a standard milk chocolate and some people a light white chocolate .
coffee is the same it has a range of flavours and some people will like some like all or hate all of it .
i do not respect someone telling other people that they are idiots to like something .
that 's the person 's own choice not yours .
pretty much no coffee drinks even use cream unless you 're adding it yourself at home .
and just like say chocolate milk or strawberry milk coffee and milk is it 's own flavour which tastes different to its components .
and your stupid machines that creak and groan through the quietude of my morning
sounds like you 're the grumpy and irritable one in the morning not your friends before they get their coffees ...
and for the record no i 'm not much of a coffee drinker .
i have ibs which makes me shit my fuckin guts out if i have a coffee .
they are beautiful ... can i please cum between them ? ?
possible cum on that beautiful face of yours too 
your account is too new and/or your karma is too low
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amateur_milfs if you have any questions or concerns .
although the preamble is not a source of power for any department of the federal government
it 's the constitution 's abstractit frames the subsequent document but it 's not a source of authority .
if you can find a single law that 's been overturned based on the authority of the preamble i will contritely apologize .
the second link does n't mention the preamble and is a koch brothers-funded conservative think tank .
so your general day starts off around midnight you 'll be subjected to an hour of physical conditioning consisting of the instructors beating you around the abdominal and shoulders with ps5 's and xbox 's attached to chains .
after that your given 15 minutes to assemble a 60piece lego set and then your released into your grazing pen '' to essentially mill about in a field while the original coffee pots made by the mayans are put through their 16th million coffee cycle by the officers .
some time around 4am the instructors will start the mental preparation part of the day which involves sitting quietly by yourself in a non-de script white room and every few minutes on no set schedule individuals will enter and whisper truths and sorrows into your ear .
you have the ugliest toes in the entire fucking military .
the woman whom you fall in love with will leave you and it will be because of your nasty toes no matter what she says .
it wo n't be her '' it 'll be you . ''
you 'll most likely be separated early and you 'll have to do fetish work involving shoving random things up and down your butt-hole .
you 'll tell your loved ones it 's a living '' but at night you 'll cry ''
so that 'll go on for an hour or so .
the crab shack has some of the best ... trays in the military .
class starts and they see how much information you can absorb in about 4 hours then lunch back at the crab shack ! then it 's prac problems !
you essentially go fucking kill yourself over and over again all while an instructor plays candy crush on his phone and smokes cloves in your face while your trying to prob under an anti-tank landmine in 103 degree florida humidity !
conversely some asshole air force instructor that thinks he 's hot shit will scream at all the young guys he out-ranks because hey that 's what being an e-5/6 is all about right ?
you 'll be put back on a bus and sent back main side unless your phase sierra 4 india tango or above .
because sierra 4 india tango or as we say shit phase is where your trusted to drive an automobile again !
so like any trusted individual you 'll want to immediately prove that you were n't ready for that responsibility and perform donuts in the parking lot at main side and get busted back to phase1 day1 .
after you 've spent the day getting fucking killed because you have no idea how to run an eod problem you 'll return to base to stand in formation for some arbitrary amount of time and then it 's 15 minutes to change and go get dressed for pt ! ! ! !
what are we doing for pt ? ! ? ! ? !
meanwhile the marines are fucking getting drunk and laughing at you cause their all prior service so they do n't have to do these fuck fuck games .
after you 've ran around and sufficiently utilized your body it 'll be 5-6 ish and you need to go eat chow ! ! !
ensure you carb load to eliminate the caloric deficit you just created and then get a milkshake on top of that !
get to bed by 7 though cause you got ta get back up at midnight !
i have left out some parts so as not to deter '' you .
security holds room mates with diarrhea failing room inspection the matador shit paychecks etc .
i mean this list is 100 accurate ask anyone here .
in my experience i 've found the android fans way more aggressive about it .
this season is a notorious dip in quality for me coming from spring .
my top shows may be sonny boy uramichi onii-san and freaking love live do n't think they will become as good as my top 5 of last season .
while i understand what you mean when you say that you wish there was an interlude between the disney worlds the fact that all of the kh original cutscenes that happen after completing a disney world are actually titled interlude '' in the theatre menu shows that the game does include a version of the concept you 're thinking about .
but within the stories of all the disney worlds there is at the very least one specific event that occurs in that world that makes it nearly impossible to skip the story events of that world without losing important plot details/story revelations such as yozora xion/vanitas 's revival the remaining member of the xiii seekers etc .
there 's a reason why the disney world plots in kh3 are the only ones that are touched upon in kairi 's summary of all the important events that have happened thus far in the kh franchise during melody of memory .
with the idea of one big interlude happening in an original world during all of the disney worlds which was technically the v2nd visit to twilight town to speak to merlin you run into the issue that kh2 sort of had with its story pacing .
while i 'm not saying what kh2 did in hollow bastion was bad storytelling you run into this predicament where at the end of such an event sora knows exactly what he needs to do where to go in order to find his missing friends but instead choses to venture through disney worlds that further the plot so little that the game itself allows you to skip visiting them .
even the kh2 manga recognized this issue by combining the events of the disney worlds into a single visit to clean up the story pacing a bit better motivates sora to pursue the organization immediately .
if the plot revelations that occurred in hollow bastion happened throughout the game instead of strictly in the middle ansem 's identity the organization 's true objective various character revelations etc you 'd get more disney worlds in kh2 like beast 's castle space paranoids that further the story in a similar vain the kh3 disney worlds did .
i remember back in the day that a common complaint about roxas the organization is that we did n't get to spend enough time with those characters due to their brief appearances in the narrative .
today that is no longer a complaint due to games like days ux kh3 giving us much more personal time/moments with those characters .
and putting moments like those in other games instead of cramming it all into kh2 is what helped made those characters strongly resonate with the fanbase .
it 's not the end-all be-all to these wants and desires for the characters .
the game is both the end of one saga the beginning of a new one with many more possibilities .
the focus of the game 's narrative was n't about going on an adventure with these characters that needed to be rescued that extended their relationships with one another .
that 'd be too much to cram into one game where you can dedicate another entry in the franchise that would accomplish all those desires more naturally .
the main narrative goal of the game was to save them all from their fates first foremost .
and scenes like blank points the end of re coded the dream sequence in ddd were the decade long buildup that pushed sora to accomplish that goal .
with the payoff being their reunions the tradeoff being sora 's sacrifice .
so i am incredibly confident that going forward if the new scenes in re mind were any indication we 'll be getting a lot more of the character relationships with one another in the future now that the conflict that was preventing that has finally been resolved .
and much like the organization issue in kh2 such a complaint is n't going to be a major one in the long run once we 're given a game where the focus can actually be on all of them playing off of one another on a journey of their very own instead of mashing it all together in one singular game .
yeah there 's no reason it has to be flutter specific .
hey y'all i am gon na be streaming some pokemon unite and other games most of the day today before my apprenticeship meeting .
come say hi and if you enjoy the stream please feel free to stick around and hang out in chat .
i 've been at th13 for a couple months now i have my warden at lvl 46 queen at 68 king at 65 and rc at 17. my hybrid attack includes all max troops so i 'd love to pair that with max heros as well and just be done with upgrading heros first lol .
my problem is that whenever i have my gw or aq down my attack is dog poop and i ca n't get any loot slowing me down from upgrading the heros .
what do i do to keep my heros constantly going ?
i just really want to get them out the way but it is proving rather difficult .
in a world where those with debts to society are enslaved without second thought you happen to be one of the unlucky ones .
my parents had been in the market for a new slave since their youngest me !
now they were able to make their home into one of depravity .
when they brought you home i got to hear your cries and screams as my dad used you for the first time then you found out he was quite a brutal man .
my mom used you almost the same causing your orgasms to be laced with tears and pleads .
even at family reunions you were passed around sucking a cock licking a cunt riding a cock having a beer bottle shoved in you .
daily occurrences around the house include dad using your mouth to hold his cock as he reads the morning paper mom riding your face to get out her frustrations and me taking my time with you in the morning .
having you eat me out and finger me taking you to the public play park to watch you pound other slaves..
i 'm happy playing against any gender identity for this !
if you 're playing a male i 'd love if you had at one point knocked my mother up and been punished by my father for it or if you 're playing female my dad could 've gotten you pregnant and my mom could 've been treating you worse than usual due to it .
if you 're trans or non-binary i 'll still think of wonderfully sadistic thing my family could do !
ideally for this roleplay you play your character as if they 've already been in my household for a year or so and you understand your place in the house .
my character will be named kara and will physically resemble sydney sweeney or sadie sink !
if the chemistry works for romance we can always add that !
i 'm perfectly happy for your character to be significantly older than kara but it is n't required .
please describe your character so i know what appearance to envision !
i 've got some very fucked up ideas as well so if you 'd like to hear them let me know !
please include your kinks and limits in your message or i might not reply .
my kinks include creampies age gap fisting forced bi bestiality abuse incest using you to abuse others object insertion breeding pregnancy cockwarming casual sex public sex crying choking snuff and more !
30 cute loli anime characters top loli characters in anime https www.myanimeforlife.com/30-cute-loli-anime-characters-top-loli-characters-in-anime
i thought let 's ask tips before the 1st play through
mental models for geeks gabriel weinberg 67 item/s https www.fatskills.com/thinking-skills/quiz/mental-models-for-geeks-gabriel-weinberg
afrikaans language newspaper rapport has run a story this morning that the four former super rugby franchises from the country stormers sharks lions and bulls can not enter the uk without having to spend 10 days in quarantine as south africa is currently on the red list for all four countries .
redo of healer really is redo of healer canceled ?
i can place furniture but only facing forward and it 's not ideal .
i 'm thinking of doing it but everyone who i 've talked to so far has been trying to recruit .
i 'd love to start an honest conversation about this .
the text message said it would be at approx '' 10:15 am today but i did n't hear anything .
i locked up my pupper in the bathroom with a white noise machine so that he does n't get ptsd but it 's been half an hour now and there 's no explosion and pupper 's been clawing at the door and i 'm now worried the landlord wo n't return my security deposit .
or are they going to implode the moment i let him out ?
ps it 's all fulop 's fault for not keeping the residents informed
i have suffer from terrible antialiasing from almost all games .
with gta5 i will only get 40-50fps at the highest setting but the antialiasing is so bad that i have turned down msaa to x2 and increased the scale resolution it 's only using half of the vram but the fps can drop down to 30 .
while playing rdr2 at the nvidia optimal setting i would only get around 40-50fps while having dlss on the antialiasing is also terrible even on the quality setting .
i tried to use the same setting i used for my dell xps 15 that has a gtx 1050 i would only get 60fps while it runs at 30fps on my gtx1050 .
while running rdr2 the cup utilisation is only 20 is this normal ?
watchdogs legion i would get around 40fps turned dlss on quality the antialiasing is still terrible .
the only game so far i have not encountered much antialiasing problem is assassins creed valhalla but i would only get around 40fps while on the highest setting
i have changed the power plan to performance and turned on extreme performance on the msi centre i 've also reinstalled the nvidia driver .
honestly i 'm pretty disappointed i heard that msi has terrible quality control and this is a new machine .
the first model i received had a broken webcam so they have swooped it for a new one .
anime like kaifuku jutsushi no yarinaoshi redo of healer https www.myanimeforlife.com/anime-like-redo-of-healer
so apparently a lot of people are getting alcohol poisoning when going out for drinks .
i saw a thread made for food poisoning and thought we could maybe create a similar one for alcohol as i know a lot of people who have felt so bad after drinking recently not excessively at all .
a family friend who works in a hospital in lebanon told me as well that there are numerous er cases coming in due to alcohol poisoning .
moving and really need to get rid of these .
i have more that i need to go through but this is what i can muster up at my parents ' house for now .
all at ppg price from funko app w/the exception of damaged pops ... free shipping .
if you need insurance it will be at cost once i get the info from usps or whatever shipper you prefer on top of what you pay for the pop s .
send me a pm if you need more photos please note i do work evenings so i wo n't be able to get you the photos right away.
black widow mcc box never opened took photo of the bottom to show it was never opened .
forgot to cancel the box and did n't want it .
iron man i am iron man gitd/px exclusive have two did n't realize i bought two ... need to get rid of one 37
deadpool gamestop box opened to see what it was did n't like it .
will add pop protector for the pop at no cost if you wish .
titanic 's rose jack 2pk target exc 40 no pop protector has a weird dent in the corner
big bang theory 2019 summer con exc 120 for all 3
mickey mouse on the casey jr circus train attraction 12
if anybody need anything off nike 50 off i gotchu just hit me up
i went on holiday this week to your lovely city and i absolutely adored it .
you are the most amazing place ever especially caroline bay ... that was just wow and if i had the recources i would definitely move there .
you 're awesome and just do n't stop being awesome  goodnight 
a place for members of r/rettid to chat with each other
idk i 'm kind of just bored and i wanted to think up some ideas for the heck of it .
mainly just on animal kind of champs ones akin to rengar or the lamb kindred who are full-on animal but are a bit human shaped .
with that in mind most of them are not really human except for kind of two of them .
i 've 1.7 mil in the bank and am looking to get more money for a bond .
does anyone know around 100 gp per hour to 200 gp per hour maybe moneymaking woththe restrictions i have put ?
i can put more info in the comments below .
also do n't know if this abides by rule 4
just a boredom reliever my top 3 weird album songs ... choose ur favorite
do n't tap one if u have n't heard of it
just recently started gaming and have little experience with the industry has gamescom in past years announced anything of note ?
i 'm not really sure how to open this because i 'm scared and a bit confused .
tonight instead of cuddling and watching a movie like we usually do i could tell something was off and he was n't feeling right .
it took a little questioning but he eventually confessed he 's been considering suicide lately .
we both have difficult lives but support each other the best we can .
neither of us can afford therapy he lost his job and i barely can cover rent of our apartment and he 's been disowned by his family so i 'm almost the only person he has left .
i told him i love him and i 'm here to support him however i can and that we 'll get through this together .
i 'd like to be able to help him go to therapy see a doctor about possible medication or anything else but i feel like i ca n't do enough to help him on my limited income .
he worries that i 'll start seeing him as a financial and emotional burden and give up on him like his family did .
i 'm not great with words so i do n't know the best way to show my love and support when he feels like this .
he does n't tend to share his thoughts after years of his family ridiculing him for speaking up so i wanted to ask anyone here for what i can do to help my boyfriend feel like he 's not useless just because he does n't have a job and that i 'm not going to give up on him .
stratistics mrc 's dna and rna banking services report explains company profiling key segments market trends top players and regional country-level segments .
deoxyribonucleic acid dna and ribonucleic acid rna share a corresponding relationship wherein the dna stores and send out information of the genetics whereas rna acts as a messenger between the ribosomes and dna and produces proteins for the body .
biobanking advance have been identified as key areas in expedite the discovery and development of new therapeutic interventions mostly in oncology .
this multidisciplinary approach is pertaining in all features of disease prediction prevention therapy monitoring drug discoveries and optimization .
browse complete dna and rna banking services market report with toc https www.strategymrc.com/report/dna-and-rna-banking-services-market https www.strategymrc.com/report/dna-and-rna-banking-services-market
based on service type the storage service segment is estimated to have a lucrative growth owing to the presence of numerous key providers in the market space .
the rise of automated sample storage systems and automated liquid handlers to manage large sample volume and lower the amount of time required to process store and distribute samples further drives the segment .
by geography north america is going to have high growth during forecast period due to initiation of national precision-medicine initiatives such as the all of us '' biobank in the u.s .
some of the key players profiled in the dna and rna banking services market include 23andme inc brooks life sciences decode genetics dna genotek inc. easydna goodcell infinity biologix lgc biosearch technologies preventiongenetics proteogenex thermo fisher scientific inc and us biolab corporation inc .
request a sample of dna and rna banking services market https www.strategymrc.com/report/dna-and-rna-banking-services-market/request-sample https www.strategymrc.com/report/dna-and-rna-banking-services-market/request-sample
all the customers of this report will be entitled to receive one of the following free customization options
market estimations forecasts and cagr of any prominent country as per the client 's interest note depends on feasibility check
benchmarking of key players based on product portfolio geographical presence and strategic alliances
for more information about this report visit https www.strategymrc.com/report/dna-and-rna-banking-services-market https www.strategymrc.com/report/dna-and-rna-banking-services-market
stratistics mrc offer a wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of
our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario .
we have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers implementers industry experts researchers research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects .
i want to study engineering and finance i 've done well in ncea math economics and physics at school how hard is it to do well in first year engineering assuming you work hard do you still just have to be very intelligent ?
secondly i 'm not sure whether i should just study science/commerce conjoint as opposed to engineering/commerce conjoint i 've been accepted for fast track offers for engineering commerce and science just unsure what to do .
i 'm really interested by financial markets and want to go into the high-frequency trading side ideally but i know this is so competitive because it 's also practically only in sydney for the oceanic region excluding hong kong and singapore which i 'm not sure is in reach of auckland graduates .
honestly though when i graduate i just want to have secured a job in investment banking consulting mbb or hft or big tech .
huawei has been helping singapore build the first startup hub in apac since 2020 https preview.redd.it/scc3ko4lcag71.png ? width=686 format=png auto=webp v=enabled s=e4b5ff3564b26e19fa3dbaa34301f30b090e6383
huawei has announced its plan to invest us 100 million in startup support recently at its inaugural spark founders summit which took place simultaneously in singapore and hong kong .
huawei in a press release said the investment would go towards its spark programme which aims to build a sustainable startup ecosystem in the asia pacific region over the next three years .
huawei has been helping singapore build the first startup hub in apac since 2020 and has expanded the programme to many countries in apac in the past year .
at the summit huawei also announced that this programme would focus its efforts on developing four additional startup hubs  in indonesia the philippines sri lanka and vietnam  with the overarching aim of recruiting a total of 1,000 startups out of which 100 are scaleups into the spark accelerator programme .
three additional startup-related initiatives were launched by huawei at the event the spark developer programme which aims to nurture a developer ecosystem powered by huawei cloud in the asia pacific region the spark pitstop programme designed to onboard and support startups on huawei cloud to accelerate product development and the spark innovation program sip focused on facilitating enterprise innovation through the spark startup ecosystem .
the spark founders summit was attended by representatives from many prominent asian startups academia various industries and governments and the media as well as more than 50 regional top venture capitalists and over 300 startup founders .
speeches and panels at the event focused on the social value of this startup ecosystem and how startups can promote technological and ecosystem innovation to contribute to local communities and drive socioeconomic development .
huawei senior vice president and board member catherine chen opened the summit and said we all know how brilliant startups and smes are .
they are the innovators disruptors and pioneers of our times .
these companies account for two-thirds of jobs worldwide create two-thirds of new jobs and generate almost 50 of global gdp . ''
34 years ago huawei was a startup with just 5,000 dollars of registered capital .
recently we have been thinking how can we leverage our experience and resources to help more startups address their challenges ?
doing so would allow them to seize the opportunities posed by digital transformation achieve business success and develop more innovative products and solutions for the world .
zhang ping'an ceo of huawei 's cloud business unit noted through this program we are working with local governments leading incubators well-known vc firms and top universities to build support platforms for startups in many regions .
now 40 startups are participating in our program . ''
huawei recognizes startups as key partners in creating social value and contributing to communities around the world .
at the spark founders summit huawei unveiled the latest data on its innovation research programs with startups .
the data shows solid relationships between huawei and more than 2,000 partners from across the asia pacific region with ongoing initiatives to build support platforms in close partnerships with governments top vcs and leading universities in hong kong and singapore .
new moon which is also set 40 humidity no clouds and 22c in the middle of a huge deserted flat area .
also the denser part of the milky way is gon na be visible .
if i can get some pictures i 'll post them here for you guys
i just got a wyze base station and two outdoor cams .
so in trying to pair the base station to my phone it keeps asking for a password .
the base station is connected to my xfinity gateway .
obviously since it 's connected via ethernet the wifi password is moot .
as the title says would the 100 be worth more in the long run ?
i get that the odyssey is better for sims games .
what would be the best bang for the buck ?
i 'm looking into becoming a mortician but i 'm not sure what to expect going into the line of work or schooling .
what are some of the things you whish you knew before going into the career ?
and what are some things you did n't expect when becoming a mortician ?
i love the world of teyvat but at times it feels like the story presented to you is a bit off i can not explain it but the story themselves are great except the way that they are told is underwhelming
i read the genshin manga and i really enjoyed it mostly because of its story and it feels weird to me that ones storytelling is better even though they take place in the same world
i 'm guessing that the reason is because of the limitations of developing a video game i hope in the future they can find a way to make the story flow a bit better
i have all of the level requirements and i have no stat effects a causing my skills to be lower ive unlocked the gnome balloon and travelled to gnome stronghold a second time for good measure ive finished rfd why does king narnode still not want my help i 'm stumped ?
as someone who 's gotten obsessed with this case and checks for developments every day i can say this is the first new piece they 've had to work with in a long time .
to me the most exciting thing was the line at the end something like we expect new developments shortly . ''
i think it makes a lot of sense that someone saw one or both documentaries and was moved by the sight of sophie 's parents still crushed by grief and the videos of sophie with her son when he was little which were heartbreaking .
remorse could have overridden their loyalty to whoever 's blood they helped hide .
jules is the most likely person it 's possible she helped ian burn his clothes boots etc .
on the other hand she 'd face jail time for being an accessory would n't she ?
anyway i find the article a bit hard to follow it sounds like the person who did the cover-up lives in europe now which jules does not i assume but i also think it 's evidence of the new attention on the case stirring up feelings and maybe leading to answers .
hey guys i 'm about to finish my first 2 years at community college with my last semester being in the fall .
i want to transfer to uic in spring 2020 but i am not sure they will accept me .
i want to be a bio major and i am stressed because i really like this school .
what gpa and things are going to get me accepted into uic as a bio major ?
a place for members of r/contentorganize to chat with each other
here is the b h photo video coupon code https www.popthecoupon.com/coupons-category/bh-photo-video
also you can use the site search to find any coupons you want .
my t started in september 2020 when i blocked my ear with oil the gp she could not see my ear drum as there was fluid .
she prescribed ear drops and anti biotics this helped with the fullness and muffled hearing .
hearing multiple sounds and was very loud caused me to stop eating for a few days and just constantly crying i use to hate my self after i woke up from a nap because i was alive .
i remember waking up in the middle of the night and hearing my t and wanting to hand myself from the banister .
i still do cry about it and it still does annoy me .
october 2020 went for a hearing test came back fine .
then in june i saw an ent who kindly wasted my time and nhs rescouces and sent me for another hearing test which came out fine .
he looked in my ear with that thing and said my ear drums were healthy live with it .
i said i have popping crackling clicking and some mild inner ear pain and squelching and the feeling like something is stuck in my inner ear he said its not etd because your ear drums are fine .
i feel like i need an endoscopy and an ear pressure test and that can confirm things .
my t tends to improve in sound on a monthly basis however this month its hard to tell weather or not it has improved .
its not that loud now i would say it is between a 2 and 3 sometimes goes to a 4 .
i have 3 sounds and in the morning it tends to be buzzing which is annoying because its not that loud but its just noisy and annoying .
my t still fluctuates and from ears to head i hate head t is the worse ! ! .
it been 11m now but i am still having a hard time accepting it .
i still cry and get annoyed by it and its such a setback i feel like i will never habituate .
it would be so much easier if i could just have a constant sound in one ear no fluctuations and it seems impossible that it will get better because it fluctuates .
i am torn between accepting and hoping if i hope it means i cant accept it and i am just fighting it .
i do n't get how people get to the point where they are not bothered by it and they do n't acc hear it for days on end .
the return trip to earth is always long and uneventful .
there 's not much to do in the confines of the transport .
in fact most of the time is spent asleep .
certainly there 's always the passive contemplation and analyzation of the previous mission examining in detail where there may be room for improvement .
for the most part however the lengthy voyage of return is little more than a brief opportunity to gather strength and to reinforce the resolve and dedication necessary for the next mission .
it 's unfortunate really how little time is actually spent in preparation of the forthcoming new missions which can encompass years or decades .
nothing can prepare one for the sheer quantity of data that must be absorbed or for every unique eventuality that might arise .
every new mission will be fraught with peril where the contingency for drastic failure lurks around every corner and the chances of success are infinitesimal at best .
yet there exists for most an eager anticipation and celebration of each new mission for it is an opportunity to apply the observations of the past .
it is calm and peaceful in the transport generally speaking .
usually the return to earth is a safe journey one that has been made time and time again with very few incidents .
the occasional unforeseen circumstances that infrequently arise are usually met with a rapid and knowledgeable response from dedicated professionals .
there are also innumerable countermeasures in place to aid in the prevention of imminent disaster but again it is impossible to anticipate every possible scenario .
cocooned safely within the transport and completely unaware of forthcoming disaster they slumber fitfully .
their eyes roll erratically in their sockets a physical manifestation of the dreams  or nightmares  that visit them in their sleep .
their muscles twitch somehow in anticipation of pending and inescapable doom .
a terrible and violent shriek of rending and gnashing madness tears through the vessel .
the traveler is caught completely unaware their body mangled and shredded so quickly and thoroughly that they 've barely had time to comprehend the unimaginable reality of the situation .
for no sooner than the abortionist has discarded the traveler 's physical fetal remains and the clinicians disinfected and sanitized the instruments the traveler begins their journey anew .
the return trip to earth is sometimes long and usually uneventful .
good song but i accord with this is the worst song out of remaining .
again i encourage you to discuss about the songs and album in the comments
let 's start the eighth round with only five songs standing !
let me knxw https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=6jbanispbl8 outvoted with 7 votes of 25 28
x lit https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=s40e2ix1mdq outvoted with 8 votes of 21 32
dx n't gx there https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=a-eciedc0rq outvoted with 8 votes of 21 32
legend https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=q7xyfsgbyqe outvoted with 8 votes of 18 44
weatin ' https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=vt3d0znvuea outvoted with 6 votes of 18 33
me h https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ddvgbutnzu4 outvoted with 5 votes of 11 45
wxrk https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=omlcc4f6enc outvoted with 7 votes of 19 37
hi everyone i 'm kinda new to liquidity mining and farming on the bsc chain .
and i just want to ask a few questions .
how much risk am i taking on if i decide to jump into the bsw usdt pair on biswap ?
i 'm thinking since there both around the same price range 1.2 1 i should n't expect too much il should the price of biswap keeps on rising or am i wrong on that ?
also what are your thoughts on biswap do you think it 's a legit platform to farm on and just how long would your advice me to stay in the farm for 1 2 months or longer than that .
also what do you think of the auto compounding stake for bsw biswap only
i was just reading another post about this router but it 's archived .
i ca n't even control the frequency it looks like it defaults to 5 ghz ...
the router works well if you are right on top of it/near it but it does n't even cover half of the house .
would buying my own router help with the broadcast signal ?
i 've tried extenders in the past and they are garbage at least for being on video calls streaming etc .
can folks offer some router recommendations that may be better ?
the house is fairly big but i do n't think the reach should be this bad ... .
what monsters on anochronia are best to grind easiest/best spot for the dinosaur tooth .
dying to put my slayer helm on the post ... .
why the fuck are there girls on grinder isnt it only for gay men ?
i love how you corrected yourself but did n't edit your text honestly it 's better that way
most people even on grindr do n't wan na see my dick .
upvote this post and comment done and we all get free karma
i 'm fairly sure i got rejected and that kinda sucks .
i 'll wait for a bit and if nothing comes of it then oh well .
shadow '' i do n't give a fuck about your war or your president ''
however the republicans did n't even run a full primary vote because they did n't want a crazy republican winning the primary who would then have no shot of winning the general .
i look at youngkin the same way i view romney .
a rich republican who wants to cut taxes for himself and his friends but probably not a true believer in trump .
youngkin wants deregulation banning the state 's income tax banning abortion but most importantlychanging how virginia votes .
youngkin stated if we do these things somehow it will be good for the economy and great for schools .
the problem with this is va is already one of the best business friendly states and taking away income tax will destroy schools .
and putting in voter suppression laws is never healthy for a democracy .
should be obvious but i feel like i have to state that now .
the delivery driver you had was rude and disrespectful .
you had every right to take away his tip .
i 'm sorry you had to deal with the rotten  .
i did n't even know that was in d1 .
i stopped playing cause i did n't have money for the expansions when they came out lol
both the rockets and okc series the blazers were the underdogs .
even this most recent series he was absolutely bonkers but just let down by his supporting cases .
if you want to try expensive wine that 's 150plus bottle for under 50 find a restaurant with an coravin system .
they can keep wine open a long time so they open expensive bottles and sell one glass at a time .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
that would be neat.. connect with the past and mostly forgotten knowledge through crypto lol
as much as im not a fan i would not call a crypto with a 35 billion market cap dead .
doing the kon-marie method with my wardrobe was quite helpful .
i can honestly say that i love each of my clothing items .
i do n't have any more fast fashion items as i either got rid of them during the kon-marie or they have worn out but the ones i wore out i was very grateful for them .
even grateful for them wearing out because i felt the victory of using something for as long as i could .
i have kept some of these things as rags if they are of a fabric that works for cleaning .
i am grateful that i did n't have to spend money on rags .
as far as the teaching of a message i have felt that too .
this was n't something i knew until i went through and asked myself why i did n't want to wear certain items in my wardrobe .
i recall the specific shirt that told me this .
super cute shirt on someone else but it made me uncomfortable .
once before i kon-marie 'd i was staying at my aunt 's and in my room i only had a small shelf for my clothes .
i brought only the clothes i knew i would be happy to wear many times and get a lot of use out of for the month .
i was happy each time i did my laundry because i felt the victory of choosing correctly what i would wear and i liked touching each of the clothes as i put them away .
i was a bit sad and overwhelmed at the end of the month when i returned to my home to see my full closet .
it remained quite full for over a year until i read marie kondo 's book .
i got it 7 years after i lost him .
if anything i feel he is much closer to me and his presence has been notably stronger in my life since i got it .
it 's always up to the individual of course but personally i think it is the ultimate honor to ink a lost pet 's likeness onto yourself .
every time i look at my tattoo i remember adam and thank him for the wonderful gift he gave me by being in my life .
i 've felt nothing but positive energy about it .
if you are feeling led to get a tattoo of your lost cat then absolutely get it done .
i have a hard time imagining that could invite any sort of negativity !
i generally only find good jokes to be humorous so ...
you should go back and keep a can of coke hidden in your jacket pocket just to be ready to sell it
plus there few stories of people witnessing drinks being drugged and after telling bartender about it nothing was done about it .
wow.. wonder what it would look like with uv light
for some reason in a lot of my games they decide that they want to piss off austria almost immediately
you 've got 2 weeks to do all the manhunts before the season ends .
this news came out some days after the victory most of the ridiculous british and american accusers had already started their bullshit well before
you appear to have submitted a common or unoriginal thought .
please read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and the faq https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/faq in their entirety .
use this link to determine if your post was incorrectly removed https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/t0q .
users who do not follow the above instructions will not receive a response .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
never heard of it before but after watching those and checking their website out that is my number one wishlist vacation particularly to take my dad .
you used the item 'rapier of unfairness ' and did 7 extra curse damage .
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
shoots platform just in time to disrupt the driller 's epc shot .
same for me and i have been able to play de close beta
he still has so6p sage mode but other than that yeah everything else gone
let them get delta and then die whilst they wait for a place in icu .
i do n't care anymore these guys are ignorant assholes and bad people .
my mom is and she 's just being a hermit and avoiding people .
click here to send a pm to this user https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=cjrumz525
and i think what i need to quench my thirst is just behind that mug ...
bruh we do n't have competent people in government right now .
do you think successful day traders make for competent '' people for government ?
we need more scientists and introverts in governments not dopamine seeking risk junky extroverts .
be careful of using the word tr sh i 've been temporarily banned for using it before .
i agree that op is just do n't want you to get banned .
are ba and chris remotely calling the game from wi ?
looks like the shill is back from his coke break
i did n't necessarily catch them but they way they told me that my best friend asked her for nudes i could tell she actually sent who knows what else they did but my reaction was kinda bad when i fully found out months after our breakup
that 's what i told myself weeks ago and here i am .
i must say i was not expecting her to sound like that ...
thanks and how strange you suggest dylan because that 's the name my twin brother chose 
is that a t shirt from the band the burial ?
brb using pic 3 to jack off pretending im sucking him off
i could see milner maybe playing the chelsea game gw3 where it 'll be more tactical more pressure and there 'll be more defending to do .
why would you sign him if you were n't prepared to play him in those games ?
this was out together to snap a quick pic for propaganda purposes .
walking around with your trigger on the finger of an ar is almost certain to get you shot .
some people do n't post political content at all .
some people blatantly post misinformation and stand by it and truly would n't mind if their mum saw it .
if you really stand by your viewpoints you should be prepared for the world to know and accept the consequences good and bad that come with it .
of course if you 're a milquetoast little doof you should be prepared for the consequences that come with that as well .
dude just ordered some of that qcarbo shit and damn that is one expensive bottle for a single drink haha but ig it 's worth it
guys ... but they neeed to spend another 4+trillion ! !
the social security administration ranks third in spending with 997,044,000,000 in outlays ...
this figure is about to go gang busters with the boomers in their 70 's .
but i think he could be the husband that makes josh never return .
but he has a funny sense of humor and appears to really love joy
ok so i found that skin on my old pc and i tought i should upload it .
the floors are some of the most common places in a construction where tiles are put to use .
in fact these tiled floors have become very common .
these floor tiles sector 7c chandigarh are super attractive easy to install and are also pocket friendly .
you can find a huge variety of these tiles in the market owing to their huge demand .
my girlfriend 26 and i male 28 have been living together for the past two years .
she never liked the place we lived i did like it though so we decided to move to another city .
we found an apartment for a pretty high renting price .
i was really doubtful about it mainly because i am not really sure of our visions align .
i shared that i wanted to travel that i wanted to have adventure in my life and that i like to be able to always invite people and give people the feeling they are always welcome .
these were some things we had problems with in the past .
since she is a lot more introverted and seems to rely much on me .
she told me that she just wants to make it work and that i am free to do all these things .
so we decided to sign the contract last week .
last week i went on holiday with my friends in a van and i realized how much i love my freedom .
traveling around exploring new things living in the moment .
when i came home the first thing she said was that she did not like my beard and that i used the wrong sheets when a friend i traveled with stayed a night at our place .
this was such a contrast to the week i experienced .
i bought a champagne bottle for us during the holiday so we could celebrate the new signed contract .
we started talking about our new house and how we should decorate it and stuff .
i tried to feel the same but i just could n't .
right now my apartment is very low cost 450 euro 's a month so this helps me to live out these dreams .
i am dreaming of buying a van rent out my place and travel the world while doing my job i work as a freelance filmmaker .
i am afraid that i am tying myself down to much with this new place .
also i have a lot of doubts about my relationship since i often feel judged .
however when i tell her this she is always understanding and tries to better this .
i feel that i am at a crossroad now .
but i feel like a douchebag for doing this since i already signed the contract for the new apartment and she got all excited..
so part of me wants to be there for her and try this new place out hoping things will get better .
another part of me wants to be free and feels that if i tie myself down now there wo n't be much space left to live my dreams .
i signed a new renting contract with my girlfriend .
but my feeling just seems to be off all the time..
i am afraid that i will tie myself down to much instead of living the free life i desire .
but i am not sure if this fear is grounded.. also i am not sure if it 's fair to end things after she felt the excitement of signing the contract in a place she loves to live..
people who protest for/demand sharia in secular countries instead of moving to sharia countries deserve any punishment those countries see fit .
i know pretty much nothing about piano but have really wanted to learn for a while .
i 'm looking for tips on how i should start learning and what kind of cheap keyboard i should get to start with .
any apps or you tubers that teach piano would be very helpful too
edit another thing i was curious about is if i would be able to keep my long nails for learning piano i really do n't want to have to cut them
some new studies have shown that you can remember an average of 3 pictures per 20 when you are under sexual stimuli .
without society emphasizing more and more on education and merit it has n't really surprised anyone that all students over 18 now learn with these newfound methods .
the first and most popular one is commonly called motivating teacher '' .
the students are assigned to the teacher they are most attracted to .
the teacher may reward and punish their students sexually as they seem fit .
the second one is almost as commonly used as that the first one and sometimes even paired together .
it is to encourage sexual activities between the students .
and this of course also depends on their grade as in if a group of individuals has good grades they can have as much sex as they want without needing to consider any noise they may make in the process during the lessons .
the third one is less used than the other two but has actually shown better results .
and is always paired with either the first or the second one and rarely both .
it is to include the excessive use of toys '' .
the toys that are mentioned here are not the ones one would buy for a cousin or their kid but sex toys .
these toys allow all students to be constantly on edge and to constantly be under sexual pleasure which is expected to be the reason for better grades but further research has yet to be done .
the last and fourth one is a method that has been shown to bring worse results but some teachers still insist on using it .
for a lack of words to describe it generally i have visited an adult school that uses methods no .
in the basement of the mount phallus school in a room full of sweaty and horny twenty-year-olds is a woman suspended from the ceiling .
on her naked body are words such as stupid slut '' bimbo '' and brainless whore '' written with a black marker making it obvious that she is performing poorly .
between her heart-shaped asscheeks are two vibrating dildos judging from the sound on a rather high setting .
a bucked is under her collecting all of her bitch juice '' which is fed to her after every lesson .
one would think that she is the worst student in the class but that assumption would be wrong .
the actual worst student is crawling on all fours .
he is wearing a tight collar with a chain on it .
the chain is often passed around between students showing who is currently in command of this dog '' .
he is wearing a chastity cage and a prostate vibrator .
his mouth is kept open by a ring gag and it is used to get the other student off .
he has to eat all of his cum in five minutes or the teacher will publicly humiliate him .
i was not brave enough to ask her about that .
but i think i know why the teachers insist on using such a method
i hope you enjoyed my little imitation of a newspaper report .
you are either a student or teacher trying to find a school to apply to .
this is one of the first articles that you found about the new educational system .
i am willing to play any character since i 'm a switch .
reply with your application to the school and why you chose that school .
we will then play out a semester or more with this methods of learning .
if you have any of your own ones feel free to write them to me i would be delighted .
hey we are a 29-year-old and 26 year old bisexual couple .
we are looking for anyone male or female who is into family and farm with experience .
we live in colorado so if you 're nearby that 's what i 'm looking for people to chat or hopefully meet irl .
if you 're open to voice that 's awesome if not i 'm open to just chatting and exchanging .
i need to preface this with the fact that i am neurodivergent which sometimes comes with some sensory sensitivities .
well anyway i 've been interested in bras and fit for over 10 years but i sort of neglected myself after a big weight gain and tried to get back into proper fitting bras only about a year back .
even if a bra initially seemed like it fit and i opted to keep it over time it would start shifting the cups would bunch up the band would be all over the place ... it was really weird .
i tried so many bras but i was still uncomfortable .
i constantly kept shifting which shifted the bra which i then tried to correct but then it got uncomfortable again so i just kept messing with it until it looked like the fit is weird .
i have no idea why i 'm bothered by tags all of sudden i never had this issue but apparently i am .
it 's like when you have strange aversions you get taught to ignore them as a child .
but you do n't stop being uncomfortable and you will do things to lessen that discomfort without realizing .
and turns out it can mess up bra fit .
i ca n't decide if i should laugh or be embarassed .
in other news i currently have the largest number of fitting bras i ever had in my life once i cut out all the tags .
i am from the uk and i live in the beautiful county of devon in the south west of england  .
i have recently had a baby girl which has been such a breath of fresh air and made me very happy however it has also made me realise that my current job no longer reflects my values and takes up too much of my personal time retail manager naturally  and i want to achieve a much better work life balance while taking on a new intellectual challenge .
i am due to complete a degree with the open university this year in environmental science and the type of job i am looking for would ideally utilise this .
i am really interested in renewable energy and would love to work outside though i would be interested in anything related to the environment really .
i have bundles of transferrable skills from my time as a retailer including project management hr processes crm management and i 'm an expert problem solver !
i 've been told that the best way to make a complete career change is through networking and while i am very good at making new connections on linkedin i am yet to get involved in networking events either online or in person though due to my location online would probably be best .
does anyone know of some good networking events where i can meet professionals in the renewable energy sector so i can start working towards my new career ?
also any helpful tips as this is something totally new to me and i 'm absolutely open to all advice 
naturally i understand that this is n't an overnight process but everyone 's got to start somewhere right ?
this is my first romance in a while and i was hoping its a lil bit different than most rom coms
please watch at least 5 mins before subscribing permanent only i will be checking the count so be honest
er nakar her i hevur hug at geva einum nybyrjara nkur g tips ?
eg geri eitt sindur burturr havfiskari sjlvur og vil so gjarna royna laks og slaveiu .
eg havi keypt mr nggja flugustong og spinnistong so n mangli eg bara at koma t .
there are many ways to hack wifi passwords on phones i will show you the 3 best ways to know wifi passwords with help of some tools
but first we will see how to know the connected wifi password on your android phone there are many different methods to find a connected wifi password but this method is simple and easy to perform and all are 100 working you can try it
anybody have a higher quality render of the bon jumpscare from the very end of walten files 3 where he 's covered in blood and twitching ?
i 'm a huge dmc fan and vergil 's moveset would actually fit kinda well in this game .
whacky woohoo pizza man has too much shit nero would be a nightmare .
stores concentration while in combat and not getting hit .
concentration discharges when full granting critical strikes for 15 seconds
2 basic sword swipes with yamato followed by a charged final attack that hits multiple times .
could be done with a reskinned cardice prime probably .
creates a doppelganger of vergil that targets the closest enemy mimicking his attacks .
meant to give him space and time to charge jce
slices through dimensions creating a circular slash zone at the first enemy hit .
signature i am the storm that is approaching https youtu.be/e9oaib8cwna after a cast time creates a large circular zone centered on the player .
can only be cast during the discharge part of concentration .
also are there modding tools for this game or was this just a fun thought exercise ?
i just got excalibur and really want to use it .
but my main question is with the dual wield heavy weapons skill is there a reason to even use the weapon on its own still or should i still dual wield ?
just recently upgrading from an asus rog 1080 to their 3080 model and this has been driving me nuts since i got in from work and installed my new gpu .
everything boots fine but i 'm not getting any display to my monitors says no signal but when i tested everything out with my case open and on its side everything works fine .
is it an issue with sag or the card not making full connection with the pci-e slot when the tower is standing up ?
i 've tried reconnecting the card and same issue arises .
i 'm not really worried as i am annoyed since i know my hardware is fine but any suggestions to why it might be happening ?
i 'm looking to be one man 's dedicated c\*\*ksuc\*\*r. i 've had this type of setup in the past both times with straight men who needed something they were n't getting at home .
one of the men was an older married business executive who would have me over at least twice a week to service him .
the other was a young psychiatrist who would have me come to his office once a week and make me suck him off on his couch .
very different men but they both taught me how to please them exactly the way they wanted .
the married guy wanted long sessions 2-3 hours at a time .
he was dominant and verbal aggressive at times too .
the dr. was quiet but loved to use his hands to hold my head down while i deep throated .
both expected me to follow directions exactly as they said them both expected me to swallow .
both were ultra discreet meetings no drama just fun .
i 'm in my late twenties black 5'11 155 in good shape .
looking mainly to play with a nice c\*\*k but would consider getting f'ed with time .
send pics and stats if you think this is a good setup for you .
i am going to get my first gravel bike this weekend and i was wondering what y'alls take is on the pedals and shoes to get .
i 'm used to the pedals from road bike but i have heard there are more convenient options with click-ins on gravel bikes
let me know and i ca n't wait to get going this weekend !
they replied believe in the lord jesus and you will be savedyou and your household. acts 16:31
the notion of eternal families is often mentioned as being among the unique teachings of the restored church .
however i fail to see the uniqueness considering the notion of an eternal household in the new testament .
i just got the thing and tried to use it with murasama and illustrious knives but neither work with it .
i tried some other things some which work but some which arbitrarily do n't e.g .
frost staff ... is there some rule to how they work ?
does the weapon i 'm using have any impact on the damage done ?
hi please help i need advice or something to calm my nerves .
i am 25 5'9 and 168lbs not sure if that info is relevant but.. and have recent been diagnosed with lsil and my obgyn is suggesting i get the hpv vaccine .
now i am 100000 for vaccinations and pro vaccination i guess i am just nervous about it because i have read that it can lead to some pretty gnarly side effects .
plus i 'm on the upper range to receive it they recommend it for those 9-26 years old so i 'm just wondering if my age puts me at any extra risk or if it is risky to take in general .
and as a side note i do hesitate to post this bc of vaccine hesitancy around the covid vaccine and i believe everyone who can get it should but i 'm just looking for any advice or clarification that it 's still ok for me to take and if it may interact negatively with my covid vaccination i got back in march .
ok gang i am looking for some decent outdoor ptz dome '' cams
i 'm looking for something decent with poe and 4mp or better and night capability i had hoped that amcrest mad some but all i can find are their indoor '' cams that are close .
i saw these https www.amazon.com/dp/b07x8ncdgb https www.amazon.com/dp/b07x8ncdgb '' but was not sure how good they were and am a bit gun shy at 200 for a not sure !
my doctor put me on effexor for ppd and decided out of no where that he was n't going to refill my prescription anymore because my hormones should be leveled out now .
could i have fought this and found another place to get effexor ?
but i decided just to quit cold turkey thinking it 's only been 6 months the withdrawals wo n't be bad .
i am currently on day 10 and while the vertigo nausea and brain zaps have for sure improved since days 1-5 they are still very much present .
from what i 've read i should see a difference by day 14 so we are almost there !
for those who quit cold turkey how long until emotionally you were n't up and down constantly ?
looking to sell the galaxy eyes deck all together all sales above 35 get free tracking if you want tracking on cheaper cards buyer pays .
there are some rare items mixed in including sanrio things and art .
i 'm not sure which art pieces are real or fake .
there is a big empty space in the middle of my island all of the items are around there .
i 'll be taking in roughly 4 people at a time .
when selecting your driver kart and glider i feel it would be a welcome change to add a button to see challenges and a button to choose a random driver kart and glider that you have avabile to you .
sometimes you forget a challenge and you do n't want to completely back out .
or if you have many choices but you are n't really doing it for the modifiers you can hit a random choice button would be a small addition i think would be very beneficial .
would reviving after being considered dead count as a lifetime sentence ? ?
while you think about that how about considering shooting me a text .
i 'm the type of person who 'll answer as soon as humanly possible and honestly let you know if we 're simply not compatible .
although i think i 'll fall for you if you use certain species such as rabbits/bunnies rats/mice certain pokemon ursines or possums .
regardless you may use whatever you please whether it 's an established character from a movie tv show video game or other media or a random ref you found online and simply enjoyed .
finally here are my kinks and limits using f-list since its easy to see what i like/dislike .
i 'm sure we 'll have the same tastes .
i just returned from a trans-canada road trip earlier this month i did my 14-days self-quarantine in case you wonder and unfortunately the only souvenir i take home is a saskatchewan speeding ticket .
i was driving on highway 16 near guernsey saskatchewan where the speed limit was 100km/h .
i chose to overpass a slow-moving truck and by the time i finally passed the truck my speed was 130km/h as it was a two-lane sector and lucky for me there was an rcmp patrol car heading directly to me ... ... anyway the fine that appears on my ticket is 210 for speeding 30km/h above the speed limit and the officer mentioned there are n't any demerit points applied on my license .
i would like to ask as a holder of an ontario driver 's license do i get demerit points from traffic violations taking place in saskatchewan ?
i understand ontario shares demerits with alberta but not sure how about saskatchewan .
in addition would demerits points appear on saskatchewan traffic tickets ?
i also check out the saskatchewan provincial government site and seems like their demerit point system is completely different from ontario which left me clueless .
should i wish to decrease the amount of my fine what can i do ?
i 'm not sure who would have to be traded or let go etc to make space or for a sign and trade but assuming a starting five of kemba/rose rj lavine randle and mitch how would that look to you ?
basically the specialists and winx swapped with the specialists being fairies while the winx are specialists .
with the boys having the same power as their significant other for example sky having bloom 's dragon flame
i bought car mechanic simulator 2018 ps4 digital version just before cms 2021 was announced .
i 'm really pissed off at the fact that you ca n't refund ps4 games but i could probably still get some enjoyment out of cms 2018 .
is there any reason to keep playing this vs just getting cms 2021 ?
i vaguely remember there being an efap episode where they really go in depth with koc/taxi driver and exactly why joker is n't a rip off of either but i 'm not sure if i 'm imagining it .
if it exists could someone please tell me which episode it was ?
there are other games that have built in minigames that you can play to get in game rewards .
i would love to see a new game that we could gamble our scrip caps and bullion in .
maybe there would even be a multiplayer version where we could play against our friends .
those with under 10 flair use ff above 10 flair can use gs but prices listed are net to me .
i 'm trying to figure out what the next course of action is before the next episode comes out ... any ideas ?
i 15m have started to hang out with a bunch of friends 6 guys 6 girls and it is obvious that the girls have tried really hard to make themselves look amazing which they do and i often want to compliment them .
but teens being teens i am worried that i 'll come across as having a crush on them for one of them i do but that 's besides the point .
how do i express my appreciation for their looks without coming across as having a crush on them ?
thankfully i 've only needed checkups for the last several years but now my pupper is sick and when making my appointment they asked whether i have insurance .
i fear we 're going to end up where we 've ended up with human medical careinflated bills/charges or even worse unnecessary procedures/prescriptions .
i should have said that i did n't have insurance and when i arrive there i just might tell them that i was mistaken and my policy lapsed .
this is the current items which i have available on max rep fence can we just talk about how terrible these are and completely not worth even looking at .
these items dont get better its also just random shitty guns and ammo and some other crappy items no one cares about .
when bsg announced you could buy uninsured items it sounded really cool and in reality its terrible nothing worth considering on there .
josh larky here director of analytics at playerprofiler.com https www.playerprofiler.com
we just launched brand new player pages designed to help you more easily research players leading up to your fantasy drafts do n't worry you can view all the player pages season stats gamelogs and advanced metrics for free .
at the top of each player page you 'll now find a stats summary where you can look at every season for every player dating back to 2000
pictured is travis kelce 's player page where you can see that not all te1 overall seasons are created equally and he 's a great case study for why fantasy points per game is a better measure of how much a certain player is helping you actually win your fantasy league .
vista print used to be a place to go but not anymore .
anyone have a site where i can get 1000 cards for cheap ?
21 year old with gf who works full time min wage .
i worked same job as her but only got 6 hours a week and quit when covid hit my first and only job which i got after 6 months of searching and i only got it because i did a program that guarantees a job after 2 weeks of schooling about workplaces
basically i have no money no connections to anyone no special skills i 'm good at i have nothing and on top of that i have bad anxiety and am socially awkward to boot .
in school i was always getting 80s or higher without trying and was really good at math and computers even got highest level achievement for college level programming at grad 300 reward even got accepted into a college but could n't go due to money and my family bailing out on me saying i cant move in with them college was in my hometown i live a few hours away and my parents live close to me i live with my gf and her parents because my stepdads an asshole .
all that being said how screwed am i for living a decent life and getting a job i enjoy with decent money .
i cant stand min wage jobs they are terrible and dont even make enough full time to live on my own in a 1 bedroom appartment even with my gfs job on top we 'd barely scrape by a 1 bedroom appartment which is disgusting .
anyway any help or tips appreciated and thanks in advance !
if you wan na know more on my story or have questions feel free to shoot i 'll answer best i can !
hoping i can jobs search soon and not have such a terrible time this go around .
r2 rouge is wearing her game shoes instead of kickboxing ones
r2 knuckles is wearing his in game gloves instead of kickboxing ones
r3 rouge has her ingame shoes and knuckles has is ingame gloves
we are all just strangers so no one will know now 's the time to let it off your chest
she played all her characters so well and so differently imo !
sometimes i forget katherine and elena are played by the same actress if that makes sense lol .
ve iin ilgin yan da bu alanlara kurumsal yatrmc deniyor in midir cin midir bilemiyoruz .
normalde yzde 5'in stnde satlarda kapa atmak zorunda alc .
bu ard iin yaklak 1.2 milyon lota denk geliyor .
birka ay nce goldman sachs kap atmt 60 lira civarndan alm yaptk ve paymz 5 oldu diye .
e 6 milyon lot satld bunlarn hepsi 8-10 tane firma olarak m datld ?
i am a guitar player looking to buy my first bass almost exclusively for recording .
i have been playing guitar for about 12 years and am looking to finish recording my original album so a bass is required i have been using low-pitched guitar recordings as demos .
of course playability is important as well but not as much as the actual sound .
from what i can tell fender squier affinity precision bass is just about what i needed but i would like your take on it .
the price can increase a bit if worth it but 200 is around the value i am looking to spend .
ive been using kiddions for couple weeks and started wondering what else menus community would recommend especially for new people to this community .
start a solo outfit or join an outfit immediately !
must collect merit '' points for additional deployables bought in sanctuary safe zone '' .
join combat with j '' key over and over for xp from captures and merit .
u '' key is a plain redeploy shows you the map for spawn selection .
when selecting class before redeploy there is a 0 icon on the far right you can also select a vehicle to spawn before respawning on the map .
i reccomend early transports are only vehicle certs before level 30 .
flash atv hill climing surger '' frame with the boost .
valkarie for precision travel and drop with any class no fall damage .
class selection engineer for first 18 or 20 levels .
buy grenade bandoleer to lvl 2 or 3 max out before lvl 20
silencer for primary prevents you from showing on mini map unless infiltrator sensor darts are out
fire team '' engineer loadout is used for point holds crowd control breaching tight congested areas
use proximity voice chat to communicate and maintain momentum of the assault
this playstyle relies on firing over the shoulder of the front man following close behind combining the effect and timing of other players .
you are looking for changes in battle flow find their spawn flow use deployables to cut off flanks and primary flow of battle .
when large pushes come use explosives and grenades for breaking up the crowd sets of 2 or all four or singles .
bail from vehicle and aircraft key is set to e '' as default and grenades g '' .
i think switching grenades to e is good because it makes them easier
changing the bail key to g '' is good because it cuts down on accidental ejections what could be more embarrassing ?
its really tough to know what implants you start with there are some common drops and cheap or familiar implants i
will cover now athlete sprint speed boost 850 catlike crouch walk speed and double jump 500 survivalist shield recharge delay reduced and temporary
sprint boost sweeper hud for tank mine detection as a driver .
some combination of these will help a lot on each of these load outs
later on the specific meta can be covered for each class and a variety of combat roles .
tank pilot '' engineer what ever you have left you can bring grenade bandoleer and prox mines spit fire turret .
sweeper hud is an implant that allows tank mines to show up on hud overlay .
that implant is essential to driving role especially when you are driving for your squad and other passengers .
athelete makes the timing for deploying caltrops and tank mines practical
tank mines and caltrops are great additions to this loadout you can set road traps to defend a sundy spawn or your flank while camping a hill in tanks
1 sunderer slot should be a hidden bus '' gate sheild diffuser and vehicle stealth .
this prevents accidentally pulling the wrong ams while at an enemy base
it also prevent getting blocked fire suppression is useless for hidden bus in most cases if you are taking significant damage it already went wrong
if you recover and repair the fire suppression is not the deciding factor on that build based on the role it fills .
and armor bus aka fight bus '' with fire suppression and bulldog guns .
6th or 7th load out should focus on max unit or light assault
by now hopefully you have catlike implant lvl 5 can apply to bouncer '' heavy assault for crouch pushing and dancing
light assault wolf '' drifter jets with catlike lvl 5 double jump .
getting 2 infantry guns on your max unit for max crash is essential
the video showing schaub pumping gas either before or after the accident the smiling pic in the dark saying they 're ok many others seem to be gone .
have remained and health changed over people achieve our values their though to mission our help weve the.has been the same
maintaining ensure provide and at and dignity assured comfortable each only friendly price to are guests they respect to each ensure  ingredients .
spa chandler arizona https fitlifemedspa.com med spa in chandler fit life has one goal in mind helping the people of arizona to lead the most vibrant healthiest lives possible .
hi all this is my first build and it 's for personal use and work .
i need to run 2-3vms and i 'll be doing lots of coding so looking for quick rendering .
that being said i do n't want to invest too highly in a graphics card but do n't want to skimp myself on one
any tips for making this build cheaper for what i need to do ?
it 's a commercial washer but the motor has gone out on it .
i need to figure out what kind of motor goes into it but huebsch has yet to answer my emails .
anyone know what kind of motor i 'd need to get ?
how many people that we see posted here are just plain stupid not just merely unwise but as in low intelligence ?
how many can we attribute to having fallen prey to the qult ?
will the court know i 'm driving my car without an occupational license ?
i 'm curious to see the perspective of other pkers .
with the exception of ge pking i primarily see max mains pking .
i play a 75 att med that i enjoy but as of late has seemed like i 'm really only losing out on fights loot etc .
anyone else feel like pking is really only for mains now days ?
will reply to potential sale and inquiries as soon as i can .
astherisk does n't mean anything to the movie just my indication where i kept the code .
all titles are sold as split whenever possible so please redeem what you pay for .
redemption site format is indicated besides every title all ma eligible titles is labeled with ma ma or itunes/ports or itunes/ports meaning they all port to all services if available .
while titles with labels vudu itunes or vudu or itunes does n't port ma and stay on the service it was redeemed .
game of thrones season 1/2/4/7 vudu 3 itunes 2.5 gp 2
little house on the prairie season 1 hd vaulted vudu 8
little house on the prairie season 7 hd vaulted vudu 8
rise of the planet of the apes 4k itunes/ports 6
how to train your dragon the hidden world 4k ma
scary stories to tell in the dark 4k vudu or itunes
 disney marvels star wars all are split if applicable have other titles not listed as well just ask in case i may have it..
 sd section 2 each unless otherwise marked or 3 for 5 2 titles 3 for 4 others
for buyers outside the u.s. i suggest to use amazon gc as not to get charge for paypal fees .
comment if interested and i will send chat as well as soon as i see it .
over 22 hours of jungle bangers would really appreciate if you liked .
i 've been upgrading my home 's electrical outlets to correct some grounding issues and installing tamper resistant outlets .
they are self testing and tamper resistant so i figured i would update the ones in my kitchen .
it 's a 15 amp gfci and the circuit is 20 amp .
i got everything wired correctly but when i turn the breaker back on i ca n't reset the gfci it keeps tripping .
is this because the gfci is under rated for the circuit ?
if this installation should work my next step is to try another receptacle .
i pulled the outlet out of the box and only connected the line wires .
i added the load wires outside of the box and the circuit was live and gfci works .
i fold everything into the box and screw it in gfci wo n't reset .
it looks to me like current is leaking somewhere in the box .
i 'm wondering if i should replace with plastic ?
i just used pancake swap to swap my binance smart chain for cummies and i cant find the cummies anywhere .
after a day and a half i 'm so burned out and now i 'm afraid i lost my money .
the cast is pretty big actually but what kind of character would you be interested in if they added another to the series ?
what kind of people would you want to be revived ?
i 've been hitting a dead end with my friend ...
we 're met a year ago over omegle and he sufferers from depression ... he is suicidal as well ...
it 's not good at all ... we love each other very much but we live thousands of kilometers away so we can not really meet each other and hangout ...
i love you you are n't alone and so on but he just dismisses it and says it 's bs ... .
please help me help him because i do n't know how i tried coming up with solutions and ways he can get better through therapy but he does n't have much money to do it ...
the only thing i can do is skype but i sound like a broken record with my it gets better and i 'd hug you right now and recently we got into a big fight over it cuz he thinks i am selfish and i do n't give a damn about him
i told him i do n't understand what i did wrong tell me but he refuses .
can you somehow give me lines and things i can say ?
welcome to watch pacquiao vs ugas live streaming https pacquiao-vs-ugas-live-hd.blogspot.com free hd tv coverage boxing fight online from here .
so you can easily watch pacquiao vs ugas live stream from here .
really good site if you are looking for coupon codes .
you can find most stores deals coupons deals on there .
partner just ended up buying modern warfare for my xbox ...
but now we get kicked for different reasons after 2-3 rounds .
he tried to run for the conservative party and lost pathetically .
then started is own political party that ca n't get past the 1 support across the country .
but a perfect guest for rave dubin and no wonder benzo joe supports him to .
britain in the late 1900s had a very old population and not alot of young people to reproduce they also needed workers .
britain had the windrush generation and a bunch of africans became uk citizens and they brought alot of business .
now obviously we are n't britain lol but something like that can happen and they could bring alot of business .
literally the same con and pro as albedo 's e and it 's still not good enough to warrant him being use in current or even the previous two abyss .
regardless she 's an archon fuck that shield nerf .
or better yet dragon age origins where all races have a different opening and occasional dialogue .
something so classic so good about it brings my mind back to simpler times .
seems like a solidly built mount for the master .
saber alter is exclusive to hf and i believe the hf trilogy is in netflix already
your post has been automatically removed because you did not follow correct title formatting .
your title must start with a required tag either meta news request discussion or a region tag .
please read the regional flair post for more information about region tags http www.reddit.com/r/netflixbestof/comments/2vqf1c/regional_flair
if you are posting a movie with a region tag you must also include the movie 's year inside parentheses .
please read this post for more information about the required title formatting https www.reddit.com/r/netflixbestof/comments/2w5g6b/meta_a_slight_change_to_title_formatting_2015
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/netflixbestof if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not like the person you killed actually sees it
i mean i really do n't think there 's a positive side to smoking or at least one that should be promoted
when ya get knocked down ya got ta get back up .
you 're telling people that they have to adapt '' i.e. put up or shut up '' .
you 're trying to worm your way out by claiming that you were simply offering advice on how to own a house but i hope you 're now aware of the reasons why you 're being downvoted .
at any rate i 'm done with this moron .
op has a history of posting insincere bizarre and random questions on reddit .
i went there i saw the first two posts and i was like nope no heellll no ''
if your source is us official statements than i got news for you !
i 've read that you can still carry and transmit covid even if you have the vaccine .
it just protects you from not being put in critical condition .
my am inv is pinned on my profile tell me if ur interested in anything
the other day i left my earpods in my bag so i was alone with my thoughts while making up boxes i work in a bird products production facility .
for some reason for 1 hour and 40 minutes i had wap stuck in my head .
i 'm severely asthmatic and your daughter risked this girl 's life .
she 's a bully and i 'm glad she was expelled i 'm even more glad one of her parents is trying to get through to her just how badly she fucked up .
looks like you posted this several days ago so not sure if you 've started figuring things out so to speak .
i am curious if louise is your first hip torso because it is not uncommon for a guy to have the experience you described when they plow into a doll the first time .
even though these dolls are designed to replicate sex with a real girl it 's a work in progress market and a lot of the immersion is also reliant on the imagination of the user .
a real girl is capable of adjusting to your preferred position but louise is in a fixed position so you have to adjust to her .
she does have some give and she is designed in a way so you can have sex with her in many positions like missionary cowgirl and especially doggy style but her design also makes her more suited for some positions than others .
i do have louise and my favorite way to fuck her is definitely doggy .
the best way i have found to do this is the put her on the edge of my bed or sturdy table so everything lines up .
a real girl can close/spread her legs to adjust to your preferred your height with a torso like louise you will have to do this or find a prop that brings her to your preferred height .
missionary is also fantastic when you do it from an elevated position .
the more intimate 'lay on top ' variant of missionary is difficult because louise lacks the upper torso for you to get intimate with .
what i like to do is place my hand on her stomach and then just drill her .
the slapping of our pelvic regions is so loud and realistic makes me want to show it to a real chick so she sees what she 's missing xd
anyroad i am sure you will/have figure it out .
says the person that casually let someone borrow a 20k necklace .
uh ig for creating taliban and making us and russia shit their pants ?
assuming things are false until proven true is not how logical thinking works .
you have to prove it is false not the other way around .
most times i hear that it 's conspiratorial blather .
so you 've given me nothing other than i feel this is true and want to believe it so it is true . ''
i will absolutely look into that and maybe add it to the routine after washing i have heard similarly about the bha .
edit i am super excited about the toner as well !
when i met her that evening i texted her to say it was nice to meet her .
nope.christmas is literally considered the birthday of jesus lol.you 're the one who is illiterate .
we can only wonder what would 've been if jeremy got the main character edit this season
i wan na be the guy who fucks his wife while he 's away and makes you feel like my dirty little cum slut
there 's a difference between choosing not to engage with someone because they want to have a conversation that you do n't and standing quietly in your truth .
ignoring is a great narcissist tool so do n't be so quick to pat yourself on the back without some self awareness .
if you 've never asked how you are contributing to the disfunction of the relationship you 're probably the narcissist .
damn i just noticed that only the boys get glasses .
there is no way at least a few of their 9 daughters do n't need them .
that comment shows your not ready for this discussion .
that 's why i always say thanks and goodbye while i get off the bus
why do you think there is a traditionally attractive women to begin with ?
sorry mate lol always interested in what our prisons are like from someone that 's actually been in them .
ca n't believe the price of 360 's in there .
if i had a console i 'd have been worried about somebody coming into my cell and stealing it .
would have thought that a ps2 would have been an ideal place to hide contraband in the back hdd compartment too lol .
thanks for taking your time to answer my questions bud .
i always felt that the church was just obsessed with perfection .
i can be perfect at not getting multiple piercings tattoos drinking smoking etc .
easy to show your neighbors how righteous you are .
not that many people who suck in legends even against a near max th14 .
i 've reconciled myself to not getting that award .
being a new player i have no idea what im looking at here or what is going on .
we are told that right in the beginning after all !
he 's been improving each year maybe not very youthful although lingard is still a young promising talent but i could see him showing growth another year or two .
we should expand the seating i think hearts would prefer to be spectating
dude just before this one i actually saw that stream
my sister ruined the endings of harry potter books 5 and 6 15 mins into me reading them on the days they were released .
she just looked up the spoilers online and decided to ruin them for me .
i am not getting any more gpu with the gddr6x .
my 3070ti can never go above 35 mh/s for kawpow without hitting 96c and above .
s3p1 levi lives in my head rent-free and i 'm fine with it
if you have not booked it yet good luck finding a hotel room .
sounds cool but i doubt lower end devices could run it
any more than once a year with every day use .
i think the combination would probably be fine for most people but i would n't recommend it as a daily regimen the build up of metabolites is what makes me most worried about increased seizure risk with continuous use .
also there is likely a little overlap of liver enzymes involved with metabolism of both tramadol and certain kratom alkaloids which can lead to unexpected spikes in potency .
to avoid this i would n't take them within 2-3 hours of each other but like i said i personally would not take them together .
i think you 've put it well with your summary your observations are consistent with my prior understanding .
the link was indeed interesting albeit not quite as in depth as i 'm hoping to find on the female aspect .
i really liked their 5 universal principles '' though great advice which i intend to share with friends .
from an evolutionary standpoint this made a lot of sense .
for our ancestors who did n't have access to costco and amazon a low food supply would be cause for major concern .
read it would n't be a great time to make babies or raise young regardless of the woman 's starting weight .
yes that assessment is consistent with my prior understanding .
but i 'd like to know whether it should be a point of concern for adult females in general unless of course you 're hoping to conceive in the near future .
in fact if we 're considering the disposable soma theory of aging it could well be that optimising fertility comes at the expense of longevity .
i 'm only concerned with general health and longevity not fertility .
i 'd like to know whether there should be any points of concern from my perspective .
in the link you provided they do mention about intermittent fasting being potentially more psychologically stressful for women and stress of course affects metbolism negatively so it would make sense to not go extreme .
for example i would not go so far as 1 meal a day .
it would be great if we knew what blood indicators we should be looking at to make sure things are not too out of whack .
or if you have further sources/studies to point me to i 'd appreciate it .
northern california here about 30min from the fremont factory ... . no ones waves at all .
one day i was at a super charger got out of my car and told a guy i loved his mods .
he made it so awkward as if i asked for his daughters hand in marriage lol .
building together and all not just coercive dictated demands with malice intent .
common infrastructure gains we all enjoy gains and not just wall street or those who do n't get covid .
what happened to humanity education motivating all nurturing all respecting all getting the best from all shared values of doing no harm common good awareness good creditable information good intent behind laws ?
17 where is patriotism and belief in america without civil war complete destruction pluralism where parties groups principles ideas sources of authority coexist without destroying the whole system capital democracy .
18 what happened to our legal system of good faith laws wisdom bargaining justice equality with known facts displayed for the best solutions ?
most people call it the transparency of all intelligent solutions .
you can not break trust and have a cohesive entity when you gerrymander suppress votes making new laws filled with hateful self-serving intention .
kim are you going to force people to be racist ?
force people to destroy peaceful protesting force people to get used to seeing open guns force people to spread disease ?
force people to shop eat enjoy going out into a feast of covid infestations of several lung infections ?
19 laws should be made right from the beginning to be respected and observed not to ambush the handicapped sick or poor .
why are the facts hidden gas lighted lied about delusional backed and they ca n't stand on their own merit ?
you delusional information on both sides get used to disease ?
like the mask ban voting rights right to protest peacefully and the insurrection investigation forced compliance to hateful political gain .
since when has religious people wanted people to die for wall street or kim .
since when has religious law not been the spirit of the lord and law ?
customary law or greek law are based on morality a constitution deep rooted patriotism filled with equality good intent everyone equal in the eyes of the lord and law .
no just the healthy kim not just the loudest not just the rich white and businessmen .
the anti-mask mandate is fraught with deeply political issues business ideologies malice and under handed omissions of justice .
21 communities schools and establishments were sentenced to death by covids anti mask mandate .
bargain itself fails by corrosive coercion back by vengeance and the purse strings .
linn county board of supervisors voted two to one this morning to mandate masks in county facilities .
this step is about all they can do with governor reynolds banning school districts counties and cities in iowa from enforcing masks mandates everywhere else .
linn county infection rate is higher than any state in the usa .
the list includes municipalities ranging in size from los angeles to provincetown massachusetts have mask requirements .
more places as well as businesses took steps to join the list after tuesday 's cdc announcement including kansas city and the state of nevada .
our kids are more likely to get sick in des moines then florida or texas with the infection rates .
https covidactnow.org/us/florida-fl ? s=21451070 florida infection rate of 1.25 and polk count iowa infection rate of 1.5 https covidactnow.org/us/iowa-ia/county/polk\_county ? s=21451070 you are more likely to get sick at the fair then in florida .
or texas has a less infection rate then des moines .
https covidactnow.org/us/texas-tx ? s=21451070 as of the 2nd week in aug 2021 .
some big cities do have a lot higher rates then polk and des moines granted .
72 thousand kids got covid the last week of july 2021. https thehill.com/policy/healthcare/566210-72k-kids-tested-positive-for-covid-19-last-week-up-33k-from-week-prior
america wants masks in times like these https news.yahoo.com/poll-most-americans-now-favor-mask-mandates-to-slow-deltas-rapid-spread-132341668.html untrue crazy thoughts and fox bs are killing people yahoo news
poll massive delta surge has n't convinced unvaccinated americans that virus is riskier than
as the hyper contagious delta variant rips through under vaccinated parts of the u.s. and shatters hospitalization records in hot spots such as florida and louisiana more unvaccinated americans continue to say that the covid-19 vaccines pose a greater risk to their health than the virus according to a new yahoo news/yougov poll .
you got a frikin death sentence and filled with fear and regrets for your actions your family members are filled with sorrow
and then a guy shows up asking what food you want
i mean any food would be ok in that moment for me as my mind would be a huge mess and i ca n't think straight for that
because there are r-slur people focused on banning everything that hurt their feefees .
he did n't cheat because he was attracted by his ex but to hurt op .
i thought listening to hip-hop and trying to be gangsta while being a generic white boy was basic as fuck tbh .
if you were a christian then you fucked off for most of your life and founded buddhism years later with 100,000 followers would you say that all buddhists were christians ?
fading to orange is more common than them staying black as they get older .
i think the black and orange looks awesome though .
could someone explain me why this branch of proton exists ?
is ge just some guy doing this in his freetime ?
i wonder what master carpenter told him to do it this way .
for anyone worried about their decks this guy is insane and legitimately has no idea what he 's talking about .
you have awful awful teammates that absolutely can not under any circumstances whatsoever switch their fucking character if they 're not doing good with it .
now we have genjis hams brigittes anas and zenyattas that literally can not under any force of nature be compelled to switch someone else .
so you get dogshit healing ana that misses every other shot and a genji that is absolutely worthless for 3 and a half minutes before he cheeses out an ultimate .
i sometimes think that if we have a zenyatta on our team we are basically going to lose .
but hey they got a shiny gold gun so that must mean that they 're elite right ?
you 'll have a healer unironically playing dps right fucking next to you while you are clearly in critical health waiting to be healed .
the fucking overextending almost makes me want to break my mouse too lmao .
why is our reinhardt charging into the entire team by himself ?
why is genji engaging with the enemy by himself with nobody else in sight ?
why do we have a fucking torbjorn on offense when we are getting beat because we can not melt the tanks ?
nobody can look 5 degrees to their left or right .
i always feel like i have to babysit the team watching our flanks constantly because they can not play cohesively and look behind themselves .
no one plays or has the spirit of a team player .
its just selfish and often times cowardly gameplay from the majority of my teammates .
they play like they 're going to actually die in real life if they die in the game .
you 're a tank put your fucking body between the support and their dps for fuck 's sake .
mercy use 3 seconds of thinking before you start reviving someone in the dead center of the engagement and heal the person that is getting shot at .
its so insane and surreal how we 'll play hybrid and i 'll literally be the only one moving the cart telling my teammates over and over to fall back and group up at the cart only for them to get shot and killed while i get quadruple/quintuple-teamed .
was it worth playing dora the fucking explorer to get 1 elimination while feeding the enemy team 30 their ult-charge so they can stall us out to win the game ?
this game legitimately punishes you for playing it properly .
if you play like a teammate that wants to win the match and not to pad out your stats you end up having a worse time playing this game than if you just play it like it was call of duty .
its not fun getting steamrolled and spit-roasted constantly by a team that are not even playing better they 're just playing like a team .
not to mention the matchmaker basically acts like you are a demigod that can carry every team you play with if you do well in one match .
it 's crazy that at the high sr rank that i 'm at diamond the gameplay is worse and less like the people you 'd expect to be at this rank .
edit forgot about arta pre nerf when it was t8
what the article fails to mention is that she bought between 1,000-15,000 worth of stock .
i do n't think they were trying to grift the system .
the 8,000,000 that janet yeltsin received in speaking fees from citigroup while she is treasury chief should be more concerning
indeed which is why they 're trying to implement campaigns to encourage vaccination .
the problem here in ye ol saitama is availability .
not even an idea when i can make a reservation for a shot .
also as german air force planes left germany only this morning i imagine the german embassador is still there except when he lost trust in the german politicians who prefer to discuss things in parliament over and over before doing action .
revolver is my favourite album taxman what an opener every song is a gem .
elliot '' might be some kind of derogatory name for the op because they have views they do n't like .
dodge champion select or every single one of his abilities and then still possibly lose lane ...
i do n't see how having the max campaign would be a problem .
if anything it 'd be a bit more democratic .
trudeau is opting for shortest campaign time to prevent him from being subject to scrutiny and the risk of a long campaign resulting in him loosing his current lead .
edit worth noting there 's only two debates scheduled one in each official language .
last election we had 4 debates two in each language .
bait or not it 's pretty corny to even have these stickers in the first place
perhaps the true crab is the friends we made along the way ?
since it 's all early stuff i 'd say we 're dealing with an
ik i mentioned it hoping someone had an answer who experienced the same
how can he tell that to the cruise companies when their ports of origin are n't in the usa ?
i would think that 's a loophole they could use since the companies use it when they try to get out of being sued for negligence .
they did the same thing with the russians before us .
get moon while on lol queue hodl til 1 moon 1 lambo
a good hard shit when you really need it .
that moment when you 've been holding it and finally release your bladder .
when you dive under a wave in the sea and the temperature is just right .
the moment you wake up and realize that wait today you do n't have to do anything .
holy moly is very well detailed i guessed it were developed in unity or other digital tool
 do not entertain private messages reddit chat invites or friend-requests on steam unless the same user leaves a comment on this thread banned scammers will see this post and pm you but can not post here .
 a quick search of someone 's reddit username on the universal scammer list https universalscammerlist.com/search.php and their steam profile on steamrep http steamrep.com steamtrades https www.steamtrades.com is absolutely recommended before committing to a trade .
always copy-paste into these websites instead of typing nolife can be easily misinterpreted or misrepresented as nollfe or n0life .
 cryptocurrencies and paypal personal payments friends family are as good as irreversible in nature you can not get your money back once it 's sent .
paypal purchase payments goods services offer a certain degree of protection to buyers for a nominal fee you can dispute such payments if in case something goes wrong with the trade .
 for your own good spend a few minutes going through this safety guide https www.reddit.com/r/steamgameswap/wiki/safetrading that outlines how best you can protect yourself against scammers and common scam tactics .
ignoring this recommendation could very well result in you getting scammed you have been warned .
 we have announced a few rule changes in this town hall thread https www.reddit.com/r/steamgameswap/comments/b6vxwt/announcement_sgs_accepting_moderator_applications read through the post at-least once to avoid getting banned because of the new policies in place .
 due to recent issues regarding humblebundle suspending accounts involved in trading we are discouraging the trade of humble gift links .
you can read more in this announcement https www.reddit.com/r/steamgameswap/comments/hvnce3/announcement_regarding_humblebundle_account .
 if you have any questions or need assistance with something message the moderators or jump into the chat-room of our official steam group https steamcommunity.com/groups/redditgameswap .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/steamgameswap if you have any questions or concerns .
you 'd need at least .isbot username and .parent username .
the .parent keyword will be removed in a future release .
just .isbot username will remove it from the future release .
is there any penalty for union actors who did a non union project and their identity was found out ?
look at him when he was in korea and watch him now .
if you then say he kept his level or has improved i suggest you to get glasses .
that 's the best thing to do when you absolutely destroy someone 's house and set fire to it .
just leave it and let it burn with everyone inside .
icedactyl is alright but i 'd suggest using the shiverous knight or enchanted armament for ice for blade stacking purposes .
or preferably if you can get your hands on the ice hamster that would be best .
also that ice eye is nice cause it gives a 100 accuracy blizzard and a blade which is great for low level questing
someone needs to list all maps with a high tower in the middle
edit what about the official who website https covid19.who.int that reports similar numbers
i think it 's just a few years until the open '' phones really catch on and their software becomes viable for daily use and then i can have a full-blown unrestricted computer in my pocket .
me walking away from my responsibilities only to get hit by the consequences
if son plays as a striker i could easily see him keeping pace with bruno or even out scoring him .
bruno is still heavily reliant on pens for goals .
saying i have 3 xlm under management '' sounds so much more classy .
hey i ca n't seem to get a hold of the workers permit for this curfew .
i am an honest man and i am born in 2003 .
but to that note it does n't take an individual to know the devastation and impact of an event that happened quite literally just a few decades ago .
more to that it does n't take another individual to read a book or learn about this kind of information given that a library and more is available at the tip of our fucking fingers .
sincere question are you born in the 2000 's .
because to be frank your insults are relegated to the likes of salty call of duty your mom insults .
thats just low bar man hit me with your intellectual prowess .
not your sad excuse of a pick up line .
i 'm 3 gets update phone works normally and confused about the bugs people are spamming on this sub and on telegram etc
i looked through some of this guy 's post and comments and god damn he 's ignorant and proud of it .
it 's kind of insane how he 'll l comment things that are objectively incorrect someone will point it out and then they 'll get downvoted but he is praised for it .
conservatives love the stupid as long as they are conforming their shitty worldview ...
numa situao em que as bolsas mundiais caiam de forma sistemtica durante um perodo de 20 anos gostava de ver como outros ativos como dinheiro obrigaes ou imobilirio se comportariam ...
if you are blue that makes you the good guys or so videogames have taught me
also can i please exist outside of your game of thrones as a minarchist or will that get me ruby ridged using the same tech you developed for abdul ?
well i have the itchy pine needles you are but a peasant
many platforms allow you to trade staked vs unstaked eth .
i remember reading the original post did n't comment there but i 'm happy to see this update good job man it 's not easy to do what you have done keep rocking d best of luck to .
i 'm not sarcasm or even insult sensitive on reddit but i sincerely do n't see what your reply has to do with mine .
i 'm talking about definitions of words frozen vs solid which are n't synonyms not cosmogony and thermodynamics .
not played afk arena but im a game designer so fwiw
afk arena probably copied some other mobile game that never got as popular
afk arena/the game afk arena copied was probably copied from some other ip such as dnd
afk arena probably purchased asset bundles from a company or service that does not also sell the license to the originals and so other people can literally go to that company and just buy the same assets or with minor tweaks and use it
algos in the background for drop rates xp rates etc might be different
not defending what magnumquest did but just for context i dont think its all that shady as it is basically 90 of the gacha market literally .
i guess it 's means extremely desperate to leave because they 're giving up money to go ?
hey i got the same gun and unless u got some cheap ass gloves u should be good tbh lol
that 's really weird the top of my table looks like this..
maybe if you click that 'if you prefer the old display ' button it might show ?
if you can consolidate your debts to lower your interest rates and minimum payment burden i would say it 's worth doing .
you can keep paying off the debt aggressively by doing so and you 'll pay it off faster .
so i guess the question becomes what kind of interest you are being charged on these bills you need to catch up on if anything .
i 'm currently holding 10k coins got a feeling even that small amount may take me places
guessing this means we close the deal today odegaard has medicals etc tomorrow presuming he is double jabbed and does n't have to quarantine and we can then hopefully register him by friday .
but what will the internet think of my personal computer ?
she 'll probably be in the mv for the feels and then be absent for the promo .
it sucks but she needs to take her time especially with mental health
funnily saw his name pop up in another streamer for slay the spire in their chat recently and that reminded me of his existance .
he keeps ceashing ? it happens to me a lot even in mp btw which phone you use ?
oh yeah the brain fog is really bad too .
lmao i think we should pull out of afghanistan even though its gon na suck for a lot of people in afghanistan when the taliban inevitably takes over '' neoliberal i guess
like this is his current position he has repeated over and over
it 's my personal preference to not use it .
sorry if what i choose to do with my own life offends you as it has a bunch of other sensitive children .
insurgencies always win unless you 're willing to use genocide to root them out .
so the west can never beat them if they 're determined .
please remember to flair your post and tag spoilers or nsfw content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/witcher if you have any questions or concerns .
the box the deck came in and the brand info card
yeah because 20-25 rounds is great for getting kills during a single match
you literally stick a battery into an aeg stick the mag in and it does the same thing and you do n't even have to cock it unlike a gas gun ...
if you ca n't figure out how to use an aeg then the last thing you should do is get a gas gun
and not everyone cares about being an echo whiskey delta operator some just want to play airsoft
note from a man 20m who has been in relationships with different women and failed .
also most women going into dating nowadays especially christian women who are young dont really talk to it with their christian peers please seek advise from them especially the mature ones this may be hard and frustrating considering the dating standards nowadays where there is almost non at all talk about him with your churchmates not in a romantic way just ask about him for example and also with christian family members with men and women because that helps a lot their advices may seem dumb '' and old '' at first but once you understand and experience it it will make sense .
do n't have one close to me will have to check out uwajimaya !
'' there are just not enough queer women in the public eye in my opinion so i 'm here to be 'celesbian ' a celebrity lesbian ! ''
edit yes it is the rex model in size large and color signature here https bad-dragon.com/products/rex
i really want to see more of alador and odalia and darius as well because he seems a really fun and interesting character !
auckland is a minimum seven day lock down the rest of the country is for three days .
you 're right it 's more to given them time to try and get better idea of how big this issue might be .
also it 's easier to extend it once it 's started and easier to ease restrictions that impose more plays to the whole go hard to early plan worked before and with a relatively small health infrastructure they need to make sure it 's not rapidly overwhelmed.got seven cases now so even money will be this lockdown will go for a week or two more at least .
i 've never voted for any other party but labor at the federal level for the last 16 years when i was eligible and am ideologically most aligned with the left faction of labor .
but i have never pulled the lever for nsw labor due to the endemic corruption that they were known for when in power .
as someone who used to live in auburn with friends in the building industry i know it 's not a thing of the past either .
nsw libs have been smart enough to position themselves as a moderate bread and butter issues based party so people like me can vote for them .
particularly given their record on transport infrastructure and position on renewables .
maybe this time i 'll just vote for the greens and let the preferences do their thing .
most well established teachers in my county make in the high 40 's low 50 's but that 's after they 've put in around 15-20 years .
mybroadband is a tabloid rag that very much knows their audience is targeted outrage clickbait .
cat i have been talking to these guys for 2 hours and they do n't say anything outrageous !
i 've come to associate iz*one members opening of twitter accounts as a semi confirmation that they are going solo .
she can do well both solo or in a group
74 has 0.something chance while 75 has approx 20 ?
man if she has such bad anxiety she can go to a doctor and get disability for it .
i swear i 've almost called the paramedics a few times because i thought i was having a heart attack that 's what it felt like i really thought i was going to die a few times .
there are sometimes when i call out because my anxiety was so bad i would have attacks every hour .
sometimes you have to just buck up and deal with it .
i want to get a service dog for my anxiety .
i mean she 's letting it control so much of her life instead of trying to get help .
i ca n't stand people who complain about a mental disorder and does n't try to do anything about it .
especially trying to milk everyone to do things for you .
i 'm 20 so i 'm in your age group .
honestly lmao i jumped on reddit because i 'm having an anxiety attack .
do not try to call out specific subs mods companies or individuals .
your post was removed because it appears to be a witch hunt .
feel free to repost without the subreddit link username or mentioning moderators .
you can also try sending us a modmail to see if we 'll approve it anyway
include the link to your submission when you contact us
just click this link then click send '' http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/rant subject=approval 20please 3f message=https www.reddit.com/r/rant/comments/p6o3rz/uninteresting_pictures_on_rpics_that_entirely and a moderator will take a closer look .
again we repeat include the link to your submission when you contact us
failure to follow any part of this message may result in you receiving a 3 day mute .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rant if you have any questions or concerns .
hey your in tucson i 'm in tucson we should meet up ?
because unova is the pokemon world 's version of america
this post has been successfully published on the subreddit .
if this post breaks the rules of the subreddit or reddit please report it .
if this post is a cross-post '' you are reminded and commanded that you should n't make a brigading 's action .
otherwise you will be banned from this subreddit permanently .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/theleftcantmeme if you have any questions or concerns .
lmao what we have chalobah who played dm last season
yes because as we all know theocratic totalitarian regimes are always honest and would never enrich uranium because they signed a treaty .
just like hitler kept his word after the munich agreement treaties are obviously completely binding and nobody every violates them .
but sure let 's blame everyone else other than the islamists who are trying to build nuclear weapons .
the pla biodegradation thing is ... a bit of a myth .
yes it can biodegrade but only under composting conditions that it 's probably not going to get
that being said pla does have the advantage of that it burns really cleanly .
due to just being a collection of carbon oxygen and hydrogen when burnt it just produces water and co2 which compared to a lot of other plastics is pretty great .
of course that 's kinda useless if you 're in the us i do n't think the us burns their rubbish while it 's a common practice in europe but it 's better than nothing .
thankyou for giving the extra info i just imagined some fancy lan set-up with a physical connection otherwise .
the fact it was lan over internet makes it way cooler .
great news i 'm only missing p so i should be able to get that to you in the next hour or two !
i just ca n't see a scenario where a co member goes up and goes home unless the twist makes it happen .
the other driver was impatient and could n't bear the thought of being gasp behind someone .
from the side camera view it 's clear he had plenty of room to get behind the op .
it might depending on the max number of monitors and resolution supported by the gpu in your laptop .
ya dont get me wrong i def can afford it .
i just was surprised it never went on sale anywhere or anything considering how long its been out now
thanks for letting me know there is a graphic novel !
please be aware that this marks it as a place for serious discussion only and that any unserious content in this thread will be met with infraction point s https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/wiki/rules wiki_point_system.3a .
if your comment does not contribute to the discussion in a serious manner it will be removed .
please report any comments that do not respect this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagers if you have any questions or concerns .
nunu zac xin zhao master yi viego for mid if you hate playing against ad champs go sett otherwise just go veigar or annie .
chose 2 champs for each role play 100 games on those 4 and you should climb elo if you have below 50 on those champs after 100 games on each you 're just not good enough to get out of gold .
a reminder to posters and commenters of some of our rules .
no medical advice or mental health specific to a person content
please ensure your post or comment adheres to our rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askuk if you have any questions or concerns .
well that 's just common sense we all know this but dealing with it is a whole different thing .
i can see a bunch of anti vaccine states with icu capacities hitting criticality .
i can also see them exporting their patients to hospitals with higher icu capacity in states with higher vaccination rates .
what do you see that the rest of us seem to be missing here ?
i can imagine fighting one of those in the near future .
to view them use the saucenao https saucenao.com website .
without the power plant helge did n't work for his father bernd in origin world .
more than likely helge lives elsewhere maybe in a different house with peter 's mother .
the doppler bunker was either rented out or bought by tannhaus .
i mean something besides stories blurry photos of dots and lights is n't too much to ask .
i have seen my own craft much closer than any media that 's been posted online but still who knows what it was .
i hope the positive feedback you 're getting is helping your confidence
the holder count has slowed down due to them .
a lot of investors are seeing us as a pump and dump right now
100k would wipe out my student loans opening the possibility to save money and buy a house .
20:00 suits me well how about wednesday 20:00 utc then ?
largest word is suicide what about the people that remember things as images haha shit
wenn sie jetzt rumnllt dann wird sie hinterher rumnllen weil du nie zeit hast fr sie .
you used the item 'bi-sickle ' and did 4 extra curse damage .
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
retail specifically an australian art and craft store starting with e .
i started that job with little to no issues .
almost three years later i ended that job with a suicide attempt .
i had no mental illness before i started it took almost three years to completely break me .
overworked under payed severe bullying harassment discrimination gaslighting favouritism physical injuries sexual harassment and sexual assault .
the store i worked at went through new workers every couple months .
i was let go after i finally voiced complaints and let them know the effect it had had on my mental health mainly the suicide attempt .
never discuss your mental health with an employer it 's a trap .
the epstein drive also seems pretty magic to me .
its about statistics at the end of the day and the chances of living next to a horrible person is far higher in an area with cheap rent and housing .
that is just the reality of the situation i 'm not saying all people in poor areas are horrible but if you had to give me 2 choices i would buy in the area with the more expensive houses .
saying that i frequent a large council estate and there is a sense of community amongst the owners/tenants which you do n't get in the afluent '' areas though the street i bought in everyone is friendly with each other and will always stop for a chat i have lived many years prior to buying in this post code and that isnt normal i didnt even know my neighbours
whenever i ask you for your fav food you never tell me .
but thats a nice favourite food especially with pork broth and chashu and the soft boiled egg
they would n't cause the part that matters 100hz is still mono .
most of the stuff could easily be handwaved as here are the defias you killed in vanilla .
turns out a few were deplorable punks sent to the maw . ''
i too wish they had more than generic spiky boys
it 's become very stingy here over the past month or so
but to the outstanding pratriots out there i commend you for wanting to live here another second lol
the manga has romance and it has comedy but those elements do n't mesh with each other as much as kaguya-sama .
hell what the anime is going to cover will almost solely be slice of life comedy .
this is a friendly reminder that r/smallbusiness is a question and answer subreddit .
you ask a question about starting owning and growing a small business and the community answers .
posts that violate the rules listed in the sidebar will be removed .
a permanent or temporary ban may also be issued if you do not remove the offending post .
seeing this message does not mean your post was automatically removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallbusiness if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't think we went to afghanistan for oil so much as opium .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cumsluts if you have any questions or concerns .
covid is here forever so what to do we do ?
mask up and stop socializing for the rest of human time ?
it 's amazing too see details when on an airplane it goes so fast i miss it and see only pavement
listed as limited supply until 8/26.. our next planned delivery is 9/10 48 pieces
nidorino it was the first pokemon to appear in the first volume of pokemon adventures
that 's a good question for your president ... unfortunately hes not taking any questions right now and his press secretary happens to be on vacation this week ... .
it may hurt feelings but that 's on them specifically how they 're going to deal with it .
and she did n't mention in the main paragraph that the person she 's referring to did n't know .
but i 'm not going to read every single comment in a thread looking for more context .
idk about your family but if i said no to something and got it anyway the nice way for me to say do n't do that again would be to donate it and let them know that it at least went to someone who would find joy from it .
i did n't throw it away and i gave it to someone who would find the joy in it that my family thought for some reason i would get .
you can be tactful and firm at the same time .
then again some people ca n't handle any kind of firm and thats on you to figure out how to deal with them .
but she asked my opinion on how i would handle it and that 's what i gave her .
she 's welcome to take it or leave it as she sees fit for her life and her family
praying in church is bullshit so i fail to see the relevance here .
and there 's a difference between defending pedophiles '' and defending basic human rights '' .
you actually have to do something to be punished .
the moment you say this group is so terrible they deserve to be punished even if they do n't do anything '' you 've created a label that can be used as a bludgeon against social pariahs .
after all if you do n't have to actually molest anyone to be castrated and imprisoned how do you prove they 're a pedophile ?
suddenly powerful groups can call their undesirables pedophiles and have them incarcerated and harmed without due process .
and we 've seen this in the past communist and homosexual come to mind for america 's history .
they 're thought crimes so there 's no proof just accusation and punishment .
believe me you 've been more helpful than anybody at ticketmaster haha
this is as good as it gets because of the reasons the mission failed .
i mean those who were mobbed in 2004 for instance .
it also depends on what exactly you 're doing .
i regularly top dps during trash pulls on whm because holy is one of the best aoes in the game .
a couple months ago my headset audio stopped working and the only way it worked was i had to have my headset in the right position for my audio to work .
so i will have to tighten it loosen it get in the exact position so i can hear sound through the headphones if that makes sense .
now the audio has stopped working completely and i cant hear anything .
i have tried setting it as default and everything and yes i have considered the wire being broken but it cant because when i set the setting audio comes through computer '' nothing comes through !
items start for as low as 1 us and you 'll always have warranty on your purchase as long as we got the item on stock .
feel free to reach me 24/7 with any questions or clarifications you 'd like me to make .
the process is automated and you receive the product instantly after purchase .
kindly check out the full product list and reviews in the new store below
guys which one should i prioritize getting considering i have limited resources to pull for one of them .
we 're should i purchase land for my micronation ?
am thinking about either maine but i have n't made my final decision .
i made a post on r/askphilosophy but it gone unanswered
from an individualist perspective according to ludwig von mises i might simplify it we can not achieve collectivism because the people at the top pursue their own goal even if they claim to do it for the collective
meanwhile both in capitalism and communism it seems that the individual does n't matter it is either expendable or a cog in a machine
what if after the uk and ussr invaded iran iran was partitioned between the two instead of simply occupied ?
how would this affect the cold war and middle east ?
curious on the functionality of this phone on t-mobile 's network .
the platform will make minting nfts a breeze by completely stream-lining the process .
we will also make purchasing and owning nfts simple by making the process of purchase easy and automating some options of what to do with the nft once purchased whether you would like to simply add the nft to your collectibles in your wallet or if you would like to re-sell .
either way the process of doing so will be completely automated for you at the click or tap of a button .
we have a lot of marketing planned which are but not limited to
reaching out to multiple twitter influencers to promote us .
top trending on new coin discovery websites with upvotes .
banners on various websites such as poocoin and moonarch to increase brand visibility .
babyprnrocket bsc token is a community led project with visions of long term growth and actual use cases
rather than your typical 100xcoin which will be forgotten about in a week .
the team are currently developing a game which users will be able to win babyprnrocket bsc tokens .
the team are also focusing on nft 's as this space is relatively still new and we feel we can bring some uniqueness to the nft market .
all in all we are are more than just a meme coin we are for the community made by the community with a long term vision .
in my opinion babyprnrocket bsc bsc looks to be a very secure long-term project and a rug proof token through a rug screen .
there was no presale just a fair launch and a high priority on community contribution in ventures such as nft design competitions and game elements that the community want to be added .
just a random blogish discussion post everything is fine  .
last night we were having a nice gentle scene things were very tame and borderline vanilla at times .
we were both having fun but she did n't seem to be in a super deep subspace to me by any means .
at the very end i was giving her her final orgasm and for the first time she was able to cum on command after i counted down from 5 something new we 're working on .
she had an orgasm and i could feel she was on the verge of squirting and when she does it 's usually an awesome orgasm for her but she often holds herself back not wanting to make a mess .
i just wanted to make sure she was comfortable and knew i was n't at all worried about the mess so without thinking anything of it i whispered some dirty talk along the lines of mmm yea baby i want you to squirt for me '' .
i let the stimulation continue for a few more seconds and could tell she either did n't want to or was n't going to turns out she easily could have but intentionally did n't because she did n't want to make a mess of the mattress which is totally fine so i turned the vibrator off very proud of her for cumming on command and expecting some happy snuggles .
then suddenly she was sobbing aaaa ... aaamm i still a good girl ?
 '' and my heart sank realizing what had just happened obedience/good girl is her biggest kink .
unbeknownst to me she had suddenly slipped into a deep subspace and while i did n't intend it to be one she totally interpreted my dirty talk of wanting her to squirt as a command she was supposed to follow a grey area since sometimes you just run into things you never would have even thought to negotiate .
she also really did n't want to make a mess so she stopped herself and did n't .
totally fine by me but her submissive brain took over and registered omg you were just disobedient sexually '' and she had a small mental crisis .
so she cried for a minute or so repeatedly asking if she was a good girl/saying she 's not a good girl while i held and tried to reassure and comfort her .
then she came up to reality enough to realize what was going on and muttered what the fuck is this '' feeling/reaction .
i apologized and after some aftercare and laughs everything is fine but lesson learned ... be careful not to unintentionally phrase something in a way that could be interpreted as a command !
especially if she is or could be in subspace !
my life is contained in my pockets and living without is completely impossible 
i have a windows 7 pc and have 10 in pocket .
i 'm unable to purchase suiable arduino in my country so i 'm targeting to buy an apple developer account from somebody to get work with cydia impactor .
sometimes i need to downgrade or reset my ipad serveal times for better uses and i 'm wondering if icloud still remains when i reset or downgrade it
for the apple developer account can i use it serveal times for jailbreaking purposes or is it only one-time uses ?
if ur small and cut cum here and let 's jo together
i 'm 6 '' and cut so be around my age plss
i have a transaction advisory internship interview at a middle tier firm .
their services include business grooming m a transaction support and valuation advisory
any advise on what i can do to prepare for the interview and the types of technical questions that can appear ?
there are adversaries to the us/afghans other than the taliban in kabul that exist in the middle east that are very much interested in what is unfolding .
i ca n't believe sucker punch betray ... archive.org https web.archive.org/20210822144758/http old.reddit.com/r/gamingcirclejerk/comments/p9dq50/i_cant_believe_sucker_punch_betrayed_gamers_like archive.today https archive.today ? run=1 url=http 3a 2f 2fold.reddit.com 2fr 2fgamingcirclejerk 2fcomments 2fp9dq50 2fi_cant_believe_sucker_punch_betrayed_gamers_like 2f could not auto-archive click to resubmit it !
i am just a simple bot not a moderator of this subreddit bot subreddit r/snapshillbot contact the maintainers message/compose ? to=\/r\/snapshillbot
i do n't get why that 's meant to be a problem .
people want to keep the campaign fresh until it 's actually out and playable as coop .
ik chop thought he was fly then got on ig jus to see the caption
if your only interaction with the other guests will be outdoor and masked go for it .
ask your brother to seat you at a fully vaccinated table for dinner .
you can do this safely and enjoy this special day with your family .
you should replace the third guy with timothee chalamet and then it 's perfect
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your question has been removed as it looks like you 're asking a question that violates r/askreddit 's rule 3 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3
dae does anybody else '' questions and questions that can be answered with yes '' or no '' are not allowed in r/askreddit .
try rephrasing your question to be more open ended or submitting to one of the following subreddits
otherwise if these do n't fit your needs check out the multireddits in our sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/about/sidebar which cover almost every topic imaginable thanks !
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=help+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+for+being+help+related please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/p9dq2m/who_else_watches_anime_in_4x_except_the_one_who .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
people who spew antivaxx bullshit definitely affects us all .
i 'm 5'2 ... ca n't take much more than 2 off because i refuse to be sub-5 feet
i made a promise to god i 'd preach his scripture .
you made a promise to your son but you not even in the picture .
get that heart shaved out your hair you a father who barely even there
you had a kid and you did n't want to raise'em
but then push came to shove and you had you had to embrace him .
just like you nowhere to be seen in your baby mamas condo
you never graduated from school cause you usually dip after the first period .
call yourself a lover but you 're an absent father
so keep talking at night with those unearned millie 's to your ear .
so much old shit you had to try and cover
i added push the the convo and we 're here to blow you asunder
im a clown but you re the whole circus ' jester .
with all them stranger things you ve been doing with millie might as well call you a certified girl molester .
already said all i need to say on no mistakes
i do n't take advice from n\*gags less successful than me
pusha you went from hiding a child to making out with a child y e u g h
i hear you got my name in another verse .
how 's it going to end jimmy the wheelchair or the hearse ?
yeah i 'm 45 i 'm too old for you
should i squash the beef like i 'm supposed to do
or load the 4 5 what would hova do ?
since the only brown you care about is millie bobby .
i 'll take your disrespect and turn you to another floyd
humble yourself and take a seat like i 'm chris hanson
your own fucken child could n't stop you from fucking a child
you do n't wan na step up and play with yeezy
you done more harm to little girls than c breezy
when he hopped in the whip and beat on ri ri
i made nikki and riri now you wan na hold up to them
sell your song to tiktok to get some 9 year olds to scream your name .
i wonder what sophie 's parents thought when she brought yo ass round town .
calling dateline so chris hanson can catch you while i drink my scotch
the king of kings gon na sit you down .
canada 's new dog need a walk so he can shit on the ground .
looking at how uptake varies between european countries i think it has very little to do with the level of restrictions .
the nordics and spain have had mostly normal life for the last while yet are near the top in the world .
greece and france on the other hand had very tough restrictions yet were much more hesitant .
the only common factor between high uptake countries is a high level of trust in the health system and a generally pro-science society .
it 's crazy how much perspective you can gain being away from your things for awhile .
even just a week or a couple days away can help open your mind to new possibilities for your life .
i started a much more minimal life after being away from home for work for 3 months and living out of one suitcase .
i realized what i missed from home my sewing supplies/hobbies having a bathtub and what i did n't literally 99 of my stuff .
mmm momma may just breed you again sexy let 's see how it goes honey
normally it goes unsaid after a month or so but exclusivity obviously is n't on somebody 's mind .
i would n't deal with that but hey if you trust her now .
i 've thought about doing that same one i 've heard good things about it !
instead of catching the reaction of the fans we get him screaming .
heathcliff did n't have a jingle in amnesty that i remember but it would be fun if griffin wrote a shanty-jingle for felix .
he 'll never know about this post ofc but i can imagine clint coming up with an idea similar to mine .
i will try to find some karaoke sea shanty tracks that my lyrics fit since my post did n't interest anyone else .
that way at least i can get them out of my head !
goku fly in then vegeta fly in and say fuck your summon and does n't fuse
that could be quite risky with all the shitcoins on the market these days .
how much of a difference is getting pegging vs the real thing ?
i love getting pegged and always wondered what the teal thing would be like .
video doing the rounds on twitter now of racist chants towards kyogo .
your post has been removed because you did not follow the proper formatting see the main post on formatting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/proclubsrecruit if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's always the more serious stuff on r/40klore too .
the animation that plays when you use the lb is him getting out a tray table and then slowly walking towards the enemy before dealing an ice damage nuke
drop your socks and grab your crocs we 're about to get wet on this ride .
the closest thing it has that i 'm aware of is permission to speak freely sir ! ''
that one kind of requires them to like you though .
what 's needed is a little humility on the part of leadership so they 'll always be willing to listen to constructive feedback no matter the source .
i 've heard many stories both here and in person of how important it is for officers to listen to their senior enlisted leaders but zero stories of his important it is to listen to those below you in seniority .
unfortunately i do n't see anything changing any time soon .
people are after all bastard-coated bastards with bastard filling .
there will always be both good and bad leaders in the military just like everywhere else in the world .
there are always command-climate surveys and sensing sessions '' and every officer ostensibly has an open-door policy but all of these are only as effective as leaders are willing to make them .
pretty sure there was a long varying oral tradition leading up to the story being written down by valmiki and that itself sure has endured many altercations over time .
i say this because indian culture supports the existence of a nice plurality which is often rare in the west .
hi all ran into the same guard on saturday this time i was in the car so ... apparently not allowed with that id '' is translation for ... my stupid doodad ca n't read your id with that said i tore into gate guard gate guards friend and left a pretty vocal ice comment .
i 'd say they are the hardest ones not to lose pikmin in yeah .
and it does have a lot of health but it persists over days if i remember rightly ?
my idea of a gender reveal is buying myself a piece of cake to eat while i tell our parents what the gender is .
i went from help desk to network engineer at my company due to the ccna .
considering how popular kny is i think it will come back eventually .
i know you are a big grammar person from your not you 're other posts so assume you meant if not of
mod which allows to raise up items or lower them precisely so they 'll sit where they 're supposed to 
ethereum https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethereum pros https old.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/wiki/cointest_archive wiki_eth_pros cons https old.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/wiki/cointest_archive wiki_eth_cons participate in the r\/cc cointest https old.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/wiki/cointest_policy to potentially win moons .
sort comments as controversial first by clicking here https www.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/comments/p9dq4k/a_need_playground_for_crypto_will_be_online ? sort=controversial .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cryptocurrency if you have any questions or concerns .
why in the fuck is this sub so unwelcoming of any kind of criticism of players ?
how anyone in football can watch that mistake maguire made to let armstrong in and think he deserves to start over fucking varane is unbelievable to me .
i wiped that damn el final from my mind and forgot maguire did n't play as if that would have changed the outcome .
he is the most overrated player i have ever seen at united and the only reason he starts is due to price tag and fitness .
i dunno mikeburnfire has numbers in the thumbnails for their fallout lps and they seem to be doing all right .
edit ... .that c at 0.52 should be interesting ... .thanks again !
yes when i was in college the recruiters from the big banks came thru .
they said that only 1 in 10 new associate hires stay past 1 year .
i was the only ape in the room it seems bc i asked a question in the q a as to why 9/10 left .
most company 's would consider this a hiring failure .
not wallstreet they hire people based on brains then abuse them with the promise that if you hang in you get to be one of us .
now ask yourself what kind of person wants to be promoted to the role of abuser ?
they want smart people yes but the defining quality to rise at a major bank is the right immorality a desire to conquer abuse and hurt other .
today with the internet its becoming better seen and understood .
i 'm sure citadel hires lots of young creative smart and passionate people .
they keep the sick ones and push the decent people out the door .
the more we give up our privacy for safety the less safe i feel ...
long-term solution-as you use one put it back on a different shelf/drawer .
after 90 days take a look at which ones you 're actually wearing .
as a short-term solution get rid of all the low quality cheap ones .
i thought the current series of jabs had less to do with outright preventing infection as it did with blunting the effect of one ?
vaccines are n't a piece of software you program to do a specific thing .
they just offer a safer alternative for the learning process of the adaptive immune system .
vaccines do all the things it does as per how the adaptive immune system work .
so yes this is blunting the effect of an infection mitigating the odds of getting to the infection stage and mitigating the odds of you transmitting enough for an infection because you are less likely to get infected because if you do infect someone the viral load will be low and because you might not get symptoms that aid transmission sneezing ?
my friend was obssesed with catgirls recently i 'll send him this link
it 's two lions https i.insider.com/5e7cec1e671de022d72711a4 ? width=800 format=jpeg auto=webp .
i 'll be expecting proof you gave food to orphans in the replies op .
this is an automatic message left on all submissions .
if you have posted a picture in proper fdau position do not worry hope you have a good day .
if you have posted a picture in any other position delete your submission before you are banned .
if you see this submission and the subject of the photo is not in proper fdau position please use the report function .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/facedownassup if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's a really good point speaking of bladders .
edit shoulda looked at the very next comment before retyping this .
o well good to know i 'm not alone in the bathroom concer
anytime you feel the need to educate a woman on something she does n't know about i want you to close your mouth and sit down .
not to be contradicting but i tried to dd the iso into a partition to install opensuse but it was n't working .
by further research i found that you can add it to grub .
you literally said a list of things that attractive people do and eating disorders were on the list .
those people who do n't wash their ass put sweatpants on are probably depressed .
but hey what do i know right lol im not arguing .
i pointed out something that was alarming as others have on this post .
refused to fix the cracked and broken window in my room but older brother got an entirely new room new carpet paint bed etc
here 's the 9 x 7 in the setting i want https imgur.com/a/yy0umoo
well i 'm a eminem ka fan not a choda and his music has actually helped me sometimes .
but i do n't think he should release music any more .
and yes there are a lot of rappers who are on the level of eminem and even better than him .
yes and it always wins due to network effect .
people decided to build on it and so we have one internet .
is that the one where he 'd call her silly names in a nice tone so she would n't notice ?
or the one where the guys were making fun of their wives burping and peeing themselves ?
i 'd use wally over bea in cs because the 4 bar move is kinda annoying and wally has endurance but bea is generally better if you are trying to do hard challenges outside of cs mm
hey i am worried for you if it on a smp maybe someone will come blow it up
i think she means the character is too gloomy and should be more colorful but said that it might just be the aesthetic of the whole game
there will be some kind of anti cheat maybe easy anticheat but if it works or not we 'll have to see .
you brought up an issue and she completely ignored it and actively blamed you for being sensitive .
definitely consider whether she has this reaction to other things you bring up .
taking responsibility for something is n't easy granted but if she never does that 's a red flag .
i did the same not life changing by skimmed off the top placed in a stable coin and staked .
a answer already said a multiverse could contains infinite universes '' .
and the other anwer 's comment section already mentions earth-0 earth-53 .
those already indicate the existence of more than 52 universes in a dc multiverse .
and i see you talking about metal but that comic is exactly proving there are more universes .
yes now finally after several years dc is back to having infinitely many universes .
still not really impressive when you compare it to other settings .
at this point even wheel of time outclasses dc .
world forger is weaker but is still multiversal level since he can create new multiverses .
do n't know why you think the multiverse the forger creates has only 52 universe .
while there are proofs that more than 52 universes exists in the so called 52 ' multiverse .
during the time she was nearly fully powered she had to destroy universes one by one .
she 's universal multiversal if you highball her but she 's not impressive in any way .
is the answer to strangle him with your thighs ?
or is the answer to laugh and say this is why we broke up ''
the power boards are plugged into an australian gpo so each socket on the gpo is capable of 10a .
so in this case those two power boards have a total capacity of 10a which is 2400 watts .
provided there 's not a heavy draw appliance on there like a heater it will be more than enough on a single outlet .
belkin make a 10 and 12 socket power board with a standard 10a plug so daisy chaining 2 4 socket units together isnt a big deal .
i completely understand why chicagoans do n't do ketchup on hot dogs .
utilizing celery salt gives it such good flavor along with the rest of the chicago toppings
yeah they are all crve la dalle '' like we say in my country
that 's sad that this is a common enough thing to have a subreddit 200k strong
constatine feels like a better villain in a shorter time than bishop .
still would n't shoot first ask questions later '' like someone else suggested .
haha nice everyone is gon na admit this is n't an avalanche but honestly this was really clever and i 'm glad you had fun with it
no video out for any of the mi devices .
xiaomi should have created its own version of samsung dex long ago .
the strong force unlike the electromagnetic force has a coupling constant which decreases in magnitude as you increase the scale at which you view the theory .
basically this means that as energy gets bigger and equivalently as distances become smaller the coupling constant gets smaller so the force of the interaction is weaker .
this means that quarks which are really close experience less attraction than quarks which are far apart .
so when do you guys think square ex may make it to the market ?
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not saying this is ok but it 's worth remembering that if you 're in hospital there 's a good chance your immune system defences are down to begin with .
i 'm so poor all i can afford is this mid-shelf eagle worth maybe 1 mil ''
because i think he was tryna be spiritual and not start stuff .
they all also have dream or techno in the thumbnail despite them having no relation to the clip
that is the one defect of the old school nc audio system while it has bluetooth it is only to connect to your cell phone in a very rudimentary way for hands-free driving and talking but the bluetooth does not work to take audio from your phone and put it through the stereo system .
and you do n't have anything that looks like apple carplay because there is no screen unless you upgrade the head unit so you are basically limited to using the screen on your phone for maps and directions and that sort of thing .
0toh phones seem to be getting bigger and bigger .
i think there is something of an inferiority complex which i can understand to a degree .
like oakland always gets overlooked on a national scale .
i remember a couple of years ago when the warriors were playing in the playoffs and this was before they moved to their new digs at the chase they were showing more sf skyline and views than oakland .
but fuck man before 2010 all i heard from a 's fans was about how they were the only ones to win anything .
from those early 70s teams to getting swept by them in the 89 series .
he looks like a big chicken wing covered in ketchup .
i straight up just got my ex to do it for me back when the game first came out .
 i tried a few times and just could not be arsed
i know they are cool but i prefer to use the tonnage and space for other stuff like gyros or arm mods for melee damage .
i am 2 missions rocking the 8mls and 2sls build with full armor and i got ta say i am a changed man !
the alpha does 240 damage if the sls are in range .
if not its still a barrage of 8 mls for 200 damage .
with the arm mod that gives 20 melee i can alpha all the way to melee range and then brawl while cooling .
show up not high and show your online receipt to get pizza
they didnt have to let you import h1 and h2 into h3 they could have forced people to buy the levels twice if they were really greedy .
nobody is forcing you to buy 7ds the main campaign has a ton of replay value as it is
i 'm very glad for you  and for everyone with supportive spouses .
well he got 4 points i wont say its without points
as someone who grew up with incredibly strict parents i 'll be blunt kids will always find a way .
does n't it do this automatically after every system update anyway ?
hi please look at houseofcards32 's starter guide https www.reddit.com/r/airsoft/comments/koddzj/2021_beginners_megathread ? utm_medium=android_app utm_source=share and his videos and channel https youtu.be/0jupcfi7la4 for useful info and tips .
make sure to rent for a day before buying loads of kit !
for stores take a look at evike airsoftatlanta amped airsoft and many more .
their products have awful qc and their business practices are horrendous .
polymer gearbox aegs from gameface tend to be quite bad also recommended to avoid these .
it is strongly suggested not to start with a pistol gas rifle or airsoft sniper for skirmishing .
aegs are far more adaptable are extremely reliable and far easier to use .
for target shooting look at airguns note these can not be used in skirmishes .
a typical example of a low-budget loadout would cost around 150 200 and consist of
specna arms core series m4 of which there are many variations on this page scroll down 120 https www.evike.com/products/90417
cyma cm.028 100 usually comes with battery and low-quality charger but check before you buy example https www.airsoftgi.com/product/cyma-ak47s-tactical-aeg-airsoft-rifle-black-10702
sub-350 fps ak example 1 fragile other options are more robust https www.evike.com/products/60174
decent quality paintball mask 25 en166b astm mil-prf 32432a or ansi z87 rated example https shop.dyepaintball.com/products/dye-se-google-black-single-preorder ? pos=1 sid=c628a9554 ss=r example 2 https www.evike.com/products/48435 make sure to check what your field allows for face protection .
cheap fixed capacity chest rig such as the chicom chest rig 12 example https www.ebay.com/itm/vietnam-afghanistan-war-type56-ak-chest-rig-ammo-bandolier-pouch-tactical-bag/143969947885 ? hash=item21854710ed g qaaoswm65gq5o8 example 2 https combatsportsupply.com/chineseak47chestrig-standard.aspx example 3 https www.robertrtg.com/store/pc/ak47-bandolier-chest-rig-od-green-new-p7241.htm
boots and gloves are also recommended i 'd suggest at least getting boots with decent ankle support .
i personally wear hard toe-capped boots for outdoor use .
water bottles are also a great idea on the field .
and that 's as much as you would need .
an important note check your local site 's fps limits to ensure you buy an airsoft gun that 'll be permissible to use .
secondary note whilst nimh batteries are used as examples here upgrading to lipo batteries is a very good idea performance-wise .
turkey is a remarkable country with a fascinating history .
i would love to visit sometime but not in the current political climate .
buttons on the top right i 'm so disappointed in you smh s
jeez no need to be all hysterical and emotional about it .
just got to the party i 'll meet you there .
i have a plan to get your body back .
i 'll swap with this sorority girl who offered and we 'll talk there .
it seems like the more you do the more you slip into her persona .
unless you 're starting to like being a college hottie ...
you sound great and i 'm so jealous you can play guitar .
i 'm pretty sure hozier sings it in a slightly higher key
first your mom is an absolutely horrible human being .
you should not trust anything she says about you or your behavior .
this is the sort of pattern you should want to break and understanding why it is happening is important .
finally and most importantly it is never your fault if you get raped .
it 's also not your fault that predatory older men allowed you to play the role of sexual victim when you were too naive to appreciate the nature of what you were doing .
instead of agonizing over how much guilt you should feel for continuing to engage in this behavior you should try to figure out how to begin to heal from the damage these men and your mother have caused you .
you did n't deserve to be hurt and you do n't deserve to keep hurting .
please try to find help dealing with your past and if it is at all possible please stay as far away from your mother as you can .
it 's illegal when you make investments based on inside information .
i would n't strictly say am getting into f1 was n't public because it was but making a personal investment into am with the knowledge that mercedes will eventually also invest causing the stock to spike is illegal .
whether or not toto was involved in that decision i guess is what they 're investigating .
from the perspective of toto getting in trouble for investing and then maybe getting mercedes to invest as well because it 's a pretty safe bet prices would go up and not for the intention of him seeing personal gains is a bit harsh .
i ca n't see him doing this on purpose but maybe toto slams a lot more tables off camera .
that 's my rudimentary understanding of it anyway ai n't no stock expert .
my god bad meets evil 1 and 2 is so fucking good 
you think you get to define living groups of people what kind of white trashed privlige are you hight on again ?
you can also run sp_whoisactive in a job https www.brentozar.com/responder/log-sp_whoisactive-to-a-table e.g .
maybe the report execution is good enough when one user is running it but goes bad when two users try to access it at the same time .
maybe someone hit the refresh button for the bi datasources in the middle of the day .
it has helped me when users said something it works now but two hours ago the application was crawling what happened ? ''
this is what i hate about spotify even deep cover by snoop and roll it up light it up by cypress is gone
the ongoing protest to stopline3 seems to be less motivated by treaty rights and more motivated by a hate for the natural environment
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hairy if you have any questions or concerns .
i refuse to take accusations of blandness from the fuckers who think beans on toast is n't a fucking depressing way to start your day .
being able to pet the monkeys alone is worth the entire price of the dlc
i just hope that bone might still be worth a dollar at the very start of next year when i can woof the last of my bone but i do n't think it 'll be worth anything by then .
i can write pretty good smut scenes according to some people i can also write tooth rotting romantic fluff .
i just think of something i 'd go awe that 's so cute for a character to do no romantic or sexual intentions behind the action and people interpret it as romantic fluff on their own .
if i have to include sex as it 's part of character development be it straight or lgbtqa i 'm usually focused on what i would like to dress the characters in erotic/exotic fashion wise or describing their bodies and what i find aesthetically pleasing to me about them .
allos tend to fill in the blanks on what i might be missing in the scene or interpret things differently than i did when i wrote it .
it is undoubtedly that isa tries to reproduce perfectly the recipe of her mother-in-law and that this one will reproach her the least difference of taste .
you must not have a mother-in-law to not know that .
the sexp artist of the day 23 is pixelartist 2bit !
sexp gallery collected his nft a bit to a flame '' 1/17 for 0.777 tez .
bad take this tendency of the eu to universally regulate issues that are very different in different places feeds a lot of eu-skepticism .
the bbc and the nordic public services for instance do not merit this kind of disassembling as much and it would feed a lot of ill will against the eu if it did .
if you never took the tax deduction and properly reported the nondeductible contribution on form 8606 then you will only pay taxes on the gains .
ah gotcha just for clarification do you have a source for that statistic ?
i think you 're probably right i 'd just like to confirm it
there seems to be a pretty unified way that modern doc ock acts i would also be really surprised if insomniac did n't direct ps4 ock 's va to sound like molina .
i took this off someone 's post on facebook and shared it on reddit to debunk .
and from what you have wrote i would say good ridden to you as well thanks for removing yourself from from their circle .
you are right if i ignore select parts of what the game is telling me it is no longer wierd .
also nikita is okey at realising problems but god awful at fixing them .
when traveling for business and/or vacation i always make it a point to train at other gyms .
coach loves to hear my stories rolling at other gyms tapped or getting tapped .
i live in the midwest too and our 3bed house was only 89k !
i ca n't believe how expensive some places are !
eat at the fat radish http thefatradish.weebly.com in cornucopia and eat at cafe coco https coconorth.com in washburn .
if you like beer stop at adventure club brewing http adventureclubbrewing.com in bayfield .
if you need a place to stay bayfield county has some pretty awesome yurts you can rent https www.bayfieldcounty.org/908/yurts .
reddit spam bots will flag your post as spam if they url 's in the title .
this could even lead to your reddit account being shadow banned from the entire site .
to ensure your posts are seen delete this post then make a new post without a url in the title .
after your post is up leave your onlyfans link as a comment under your post .
we want to make sure you get seen that 's why we are letting you know .
if you have any questions please reach us in modmail
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
if those studies are n't good enough for you give me something better .
the fact that you literally have n't provided anything to this discussion and resort to ad hominem every single time tells me everything i need to know .
at least i provided publications*.. and lots of them saying one of them is obscure '' is not a rebuttal in the slightest sense and exposes your scientific ignorance .
the fact that you down vote every comment further reveals your intellectual capacity or lack there of .
grow the fuck up and come to the big boy table or sit the fuck down and admit you know absolutely fuckall about the subject besides what cnn feeds you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/therewasanattempt if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've played around with color in the past but black is my fave .
it 's especially easy for me to color it only downside is i 'm really gray so i got ta maintain it a whole lot so i do it myself
i literally image search street scene random year when i 'm bored .
excited to read the next 10q to see what they 've added .
in their filings they retain the anonymity of the companies they loan to but if we get a few announcements every quarter with a name attached it 's not exactly difficult to figure out .
i expect this loan to also have a closing fee of 10-15 attached to it a pik interest between 2-4 and a base interest between 8-12 .
obviously this was a stupid thing to say on trump 's part but most of the reporting headlines at least did not characterize what he said fairly .
i think one of america 's biggest issues is that people do n't trust mainstream media .
and honestly when seemingly every other mainstream story is this disingenuous how can we expect people to trust ?
people are actually finding it up til recently it 's been a gem now it 's taking flight .
i 've been in crypto since it 's start and this is the most promising crypto since bitcoin imo .
there 's also the real issue of just not being able to get to a place to get the vaccination which here have been mostly at pharmacy 's and some of the poorer neighborhoods do n't have them .
so this 'its the white dudes wo n't vet vaxxed ' is false and actually does n't help solving the issues of getting people vaxxed .
well he did n't imprison his opponents or make it illegal to criticize him ...
but he overreacted to criticism enough to make up for that
95 of people working in pr and marketing do n't have any qualifications or knowledge in the subject they just fit a hr persons pre defined image of how marketers should look and act .
basically just turn up to work looking like an apprentice candidate and you 'll be fine .
i 've worked in brussel for about half an year and went trough something similar .
a customer stole my smartphone i was doing an intervention at her house as soon as i got out and realized my phone was not in my pocket she refused to open the door or answer my calls .
so called the police and at first now one on the phone wanted to help me since i do n't speak french at all .
after finally getting someone to help me they send a patrol over .
both of the guys where rude and denying to speak or at least try to speak flemish .
but after i started to become mad and treated to break the door open myself they suddenly understood every word i said .
finally the woman opened up they searched her house and found my phone stucked in a drawer .
i did n't press charges because i wanted to get the hell out of there asap haha !
i think thomas is telling lies and wants to steal your money .
seems a coincidence your niece needing surgery after you inherit money .
you can discuss with lawyer and see if thomas told truth that you can sue for money .
but wo n't use a ton of peppers up .
'' no one knows what it means ... but it 's provocative ... it gets the people going !
i love the whole thing but feel like the starter pack is the whole pack .
i 've been complimented yet also told it looks like alien handwriting .
ik its not the school ... its got ta be in front of a 24 year old girl with an open mouth.. the twerker got ta be a man and they got ta be at a daycare !
i 'm in houston and order or the 11th but customer service told me 27th.. maybe you needed to order a phone to get the early delivery .
question though how did you quit your job and earn enough to live while spending your whole time on something that is free .
do make money from ads running on the screen during games or paid by sponsors ?
did you save a lot of money that you can live comfortably .
you have inherited or will inherit everything you need for a sustainable modern life for as long as you survive ?
or do you have a night job and just quit your day job ?
i know the cia has black sites and do this type of thing but it 's hard to compare when the father of this guy praised police for killing his son after they made him state that he died of a drug overdose .
if there was video of this happening in the us this would be a completely different story .
and jeans do n't look that good with no ass
megaman legend is n't a jrpg unless you are talking about that wierd megaman jrpg .
bandai nemco has tales of god either scarlet nexus and that dark souls clone which means you can resurrect one more franchise .
nono they had a whole eight listeners up until a couple of episodes ago but lost four in one episode and another the next one !
my point never changed just how dumb are you ?
your stupid ass getting angry for drawings is retarded period .
the fact that your making a fuss over loli drawings while joking about rape drawings is hilarious they 're both just lines that 's all .
and thank you you took the words right out of my mouth along with the words how do you not see how hypocritical it is that you 're fine with rape drawings than loli drawings ? ''
for some people shampoo just is n't the answer .
i had dry scalp issues for years and shampooed with anti-dandruff shampoo daily .
i stumbled on the no-poo bad name but whatever movement and gave it a try .
i 've been going for about 6 months with only using shampoo once when due to some military stuff i 'd been without a shower for about a week .
besides that i just scrub the shit out of my scalp in the shower daily and i 'm good .
i still use body and face wash because i 'm no animal .
it is n't right for everyone but it 's certainly the right answer for some .
ah okay cuz previously when i looked up this topic i got a bunch of horror stories saying never do it but it did n't seem that dangerous to me
the first one that came to mind that i do n't think i 've seen here was the salt flats in ffviii .
it really sticks out to me for some reason especially for an area that has such a minute effect on the overall plot of the game .
another ff song that comes to mind is the zanarkand ruins .
it just hits so hard and deep when you get there .
lastly for a song of a different tempo i got ta give it up for conquest in fe awakening/fates/3h/smash bros etc .
they 've used this song in several different games in the series and with good reason .
looks like they were done by someone on the way home from the pub .
these kinds of ads typically only pop up when you 're browsing morally questionable sites so ...
see that 's the point they do n't care yet they have an option to be seen by people who randomly visit game 's page .
because you ca n't opt out of curators program completely avoiding all the curators altogether .
i am on it for alcohol and have therapy five days a week right after work .
it is strict and invasive but it truly does the job .
i mean i agree that the 2011 anime could have done better but unfortunately they did n't include the complete scene .
i liked it when i watched it did n't felt rushed but now i know it was n't the whole thing .
i do n't think is really random it just have that 90 's anime vibe .
i feel like the kind of music they used to play and it 's placement usually was n't the same as nowadays .
correct me if i 'm wrong but did n't the vikings make their offense almost exclusively play action to help get the best out of him ?
holy shit you 're dumb af it 's a well known fact biden pandered for votes by holding out the student loan relief carrot you retarded fuck
then how can you refute that to show that there is conventional existence
in madhyamaka dialectics because entities and processes can not be established ultimately all descriptions of causality related to them are conventional in nature .
so-called conventional truth is predicated on deluded cognitions but within the limited and ultimately false context of those deluded cognitions madhyamaka will still classify some conventions as apparently accurate such as acorns giving rise to oak trees and some as false such as acorns birthing turtles .
clearly ultimately conventions are descriptions of fallacies but we still engage in inferential description in order to communicate .
here with respect to your claim for an ascertained cause for the production of a result wheat etc. and a non-productive condition and non-condition the arising of a result is not accepted ' was previously explained .
if that result does not exist where will these are not conditions these are conditions ' be accepted ?
if both of those come to be from depending on a result also that result is does not exist .
because the result does not exist where will there be a non-condition or a condition ?
if that is so still results are not accepted and even conditions and a non-conditions are non-existent .
because results conditions and non-conditions do not exist descriptions for arising are merely conventional .
would you like to be a moderator of this subreddit for little to no pay ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/therewasanattempt if you have any questions or concerns .
okay so i am 18 female and i have been diagnosed with depression started a ocd diagnoses that never got finished due to change in location .
i 've been experiencing full body muscle spasms since middle school .
they 've always been pared with anxiety feeling overwhelmed or feeling really sad/depressed and zoning out .
they 're extremely uncomfortable and usually consists mostly in my neck .
it 's like my whole body seizes up usually for a second or less but sometimes can happen longer especially if using any kind of substances .
now the weird part for me is after it happens i 'm usually always immediately calmed down .
like my brain just goes to neutral and i have an out of body experience for just a moment sometimes i ca n't even remember what i was upset about or understand why it upset me .
sometimes i do n't even feel like me anymore and i feel like a different version of me like a lot more relaxed version .
i do n't know if that makes sense but it 's the best way i can describe it .
i 've had a lot more distressing things happen in my life lately mainly my dad being murdered and it feels like the spasms have increased .
i never thought too much about it but it just happened while i read a post on reddit and i got very overwhelmed with the idea that i 'm insignificant had me a shiver and was fine .
so i wanted to see if it might be anything concerning .
also let me know if you have any recommendations for future episodes .
i 'm just starting with these kinds of videos normally just do gameplay guides so all feedback is appreciated !
i love when strangers watch me touch myself it makes me super wet and cum so hard .
i just wan na be watch and want to watch the other party touch themselves too .
i have a few dating apps and i want to know how to find someone serious on here .
ive barely started being able to talk in real life yet alone real life !
i do n't know how to talk to cute people .
starting off with my ex writing a song about me dissing me and putting it on spotify .
i saw his friends laughing about the song on tiktok too .
i had to abandon my tiktok account because my ex is stalking me on there and i do n't want him seeing my posts .
it 's my favorite creative outlet and now it 's gone .
something else happened to me earlier in the week that i ca n't even bring myself to type out .
i quit my job because it 's too overwhelming .
and because i ca n't stop crying for more than 30 minutes at a time .
my sister is off with her bf doing molly .
school starts in a week and i have no friends and there are multiple groups of people at school who really do n't like me including my ex and his band mates .
i do n't see the point to this anymore .
so disclaimer i am not pregnant and have not had any children but my fianc and i plan to start trying or not preventing shortly after our wedding in november .
my question is this for those who have had a cesarean and a vaginal birth which involved the least blood loss ?
i could ask my doctor this but i 'm curious what others have experienced .
the backstory is that last year i bled so heavily i ended up in the hospital with a hemoglobin level of 4 and had 9 blood transfusions .
we never did determine the exact cause but we suspect perhaps a combination of birth control hormones and small fibroids .
since then i 've gotten off all hormones and my periods are short and light .
the doctor has cleared me as safe to conceive .
still thinking of the blood loss involved during and post-birth terrifies me a little .
i would be ... very worried that it would n't stop .
heavy bleeding gives me a lot of anxiety now for obvious reasons .
im running a monster of the week '' kind of game where each session is a oneshot adventure and my personal purpose for running this game is to try using interesting monsters in each source book .
but i cant find a generator online that has all the monster source books from wotc ?
if anyone knows a good randomizer thats not donjon goblinist kasoon or kobold fight club
i 'm looking for books that are similar but better .
a friend of mine i 'm going to call her h she 's a minor and that 's all you get has very abusive parents .
she is lesbian and both of her parents are extremely homophobic so she has n't come out to them .
her dad in particular is the textbook abusive parent belt tough love '' etc etc etc .
she has six younger adoptive siblings who have gotten so little parenting from their adoptive parents that h has taken to calling them her kids . ''
i was talking to her she was saying that they had gone on a roadtrip from where they live in alabama to atlanta .
h said dad began swinging his belt all around the girls room '' and she went in to intervene and he threatened her .
after a bit of talking h said he says it 's tough love that will make us stronger and better people '' and i told her that it 's not and he 's abusive .
a few more minutes of talking and she says oh god personofmanyfandoms ?
and i told her yes she and her siblings have been abused .
h suddenly started realizing that the way her parents especially her dad do n't have a normal or good parenting style .
she 'd suddenly gotten through the mental block and realized truly that he is abusive .
i 'm in the midst of talking to her right now and she just said paraphrasing when i was younger i woke up with bloody teeth and painful gums like i 'd been punched and they said i 'd been sleepwalking and run into a bedframe and they said they found blood on the bedframe but i never found any . ''
she 's continuously justifying what he does he feels like we 'll become a lot of wastrels without a tight fist around a belt '' and similar .
she just said after all this time i still love my dad so much .
if it were me or him i 'd die for him . ''
another friend who i will call s and i are talking to her and s told her she should stop listening to her dad 's bullshit on grades and tough love '' and bs and h said direct quote if he is not listened to then he gets angry .
if he gets angry he gets his belt out .
if he gets his belt out mama gets sad .
if my mom gets angry my dad runs away .
i do n't know how to help her she and i are both minors .
i have family in atlanta where she currently is but i do n't think they have the means to take in 7 kids .
i do n't think she wants to call cps but i may be confusing that with another friend in a shitty situation i have too many of those
this is my first time posting in this forum but i finally have saved up enough money to build a pretty beefy computer to finally begin developing games and animations and other graphic design things .
i plan on mostly using unrealengine as well as blender with some adobe after effects/photoshop .
i want to make sure i have the best type of computer for the amount i am spending .
i am a computer science and business major in college so i have some understanding of computers but its still limited .
i have a budget from 1800 2200 maybe 2400 if i need to .
on top of all of this i really want a cool color scheme and i am open to suggestions .
thanks for taking the time to read and respond .
i have a budget from 1800 2200 to build a really high end pc for intensive graphic design especially coding and game development .
need suggestions on parts that can work with this .
edit i know it 's not much but at this stage i 'll round up the money and donate it anyway regardless of the outcome .
i still ca n't find a taker for my free btc .
tldr i had an old btc wallet with 18 btc .
i wanted to experiment and see how likely it is that someone would get a seed phrase and know what to do to extract the money .
the result was ... .nobody took it although i made it easier and easier with 3 different approaches .
it shows how early we are in this game .
if the money is not taken by thursday i will donate it to the cancer society .
i was 100 sure this would work and the money would be gone quickly !
i made 5 prompt cards that said enjoy your free btc ! and printed the entire seed phrase .
i placed the 5 on notice boards in 3 x shopping centres 1x library and finally 1x a well known university packed with well educated people the flaw here was the university is still operating but not as normal due to summer holidays !
the money still was n't taken ! ! ! ! !
i set up a new email account and emailed 50 people from random contacts iv had over the years some in the same country some not it actually took a bit of time to do and i had to borrow some email addresses from an advert page to space out the locations of recipients ... .
i sent 50 separate emails with the subject as somebody please take the free money .
i printed out 5 laminated cards with the seed words on them scattered the 5 throughout the area 200,000 population 5 days passed all the cards were gone but the money remained .
basically either people found them and did n't know what they were or they got dumped in the trash .
may ye all see plenty of green this week !
ideally i would like a google chrome addon that would block users ' posts from showing up at all .
something that will make reddit appear just exactly as it used to before they broke the block feature and made it useless .
if there is n't one does anyone know if one is in development ?
heya dpp i 've been looking to scratch a few particular itches recently !
first i 've been super into the idea of raceplay .
now a lot of people think that means drop a few slurs while you 're fucking her but i think for me it 's a bit different than that .
i 'm not very into racism it does n't arouse me but what does is celebrating the differences things like skin color typical body type differences and new experiences are some of my favorite things to experience as an erotic device .
some particular pairings im interested in are black/asian black/white latino/asian latina/black latina/white asian/white and any sort of middle eastern representation goes super unnoticed and tends to be racist when it is i 'd love a savory rp with them either way !
and for any ladies who may be here i can play m if you really need someone who fits our same sort of needs as a raceplay partner i know how hard it is so girls got ta stick together .
i 'd love people who are hoping to play as a certain race or want me to be a certain race to make clear the pairing in their first message and we can talk a bit more about our kinks and limits or set ups from that initial starting point !
a starter for that prompt because i 'm in the mood .
she smiles as she lays her phone on her chest hours of pleading and she finally got her partner to take a cab for a late night hookup no frills just some sex and then he has to go to work in the morning !
quickly she begins to slide a hand into her panties playing with herself slightly to add to her wetness she promised her partner foreplay would be to a minimum as they could do it for hours normally in a marathon session but they had but an hour today she was left on her own to prepare dressing in only her sexiest pair of underwear she unlocked the door and texted him meet in the bedroom. as she dug up a toy ready to go to work on preparing herself for her partner closing her eyes as her vibrator made contact with her skin and she moaned imagining herself underneath him his body pressed against hers as she caressed him and enjoyed the contrast in skin between the two of them especially loving it as she watched his cock plunge into her hole feeling sufficiently wet she stowed her toy and sat up waiting for her lover to come to her side ...
recently i 've had a bondage kink not just rope or handcuffs but things like gloryholes or being stuck in a wall and used .
i can provide explanations for those confused by what i mean ! .
and also in more medieval devices like stockades are just recently super hot to me !
if you 're into bondage and especially if you want to play 2 or more characters please hit me up !
while this prompt tends to center more on me being vulnerable i 'd still like a big part of rp to be about me being in the know and consenting unless we agree to a free use scenario type prompt .
communication is key and i do enjoy rping that a bit too !
one angle i 'd love to take the bondage prompt is into a bit of sci-fi !
with subreddits out there with machine fucking i 'd love a descriptive reader to maybe use some creativity with tech and show me a good time with not only their own body but with their creativity and some machines or future tech !
i know every one of you is enjoying your new shiny z flip3 .
here is my video on the top tips and tricks to make using your z flip3 even more fun !
let me know what is your favorite and if there are more to add to this list !
02:00 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=t_yzmkrlmy0 t=120s cover screen background customization with gifs
09:00 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=t_yzmkrlmy0 t=540s flip open to answer calls
13:13 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=t_yzmkrlmy0 t=793s power off your z flip
14:02 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=t_yzmkrlmy0 t=842s battery and performance optimization
it may have been the slowest vehicle in the game but the special made up for it for me .
i just started this game a couple days ago have blue characters rn and i was curious what heroes i should save up for and get when i can .
i had a big fight with my family because my mother had a habit of saying whatever horrible things on the top of her head whenever i dont obey her .
my sister was either just silent and be a fucking nice girl or blaming me for provoking my mom 's negative reaction and saying i deserve to be treated that way .
i was so upset because i was traumatized and depressed by what my mom told me when she 's mad .
i was fucking vulnerable and plus today my job interview was canceled and i was emotionally unstable .
i confided in them and it unexpectedly turned out a big ugly fight because they started rebuking and ridiculing me for quiting my previous job although they said i shouldnt .
in my mind the family relationship between me and them has officially ended because i think they are selfish and always pick on me when i am at the bottom rock .
they never demonstrate sympathy and care as they should as my family but always blaming me for my own failure and mistake .
around them i feel like if i fail i have no second chance .
i cant talk to them they just lie and say that they have the right to insult me because they are older and it 's just wrong of me if i argue back no matter what i say .
i love cats so much it 's a shame i ca n't own a cat myself right now .
i plan on getting my own place and owning a bunny some chickens and maybe i 'll get some kitties then .
i actually think i might be allergic to cats .
my eyes water and i get al itchy if i am i 'll just suck it up like i do with my lactose intolerance .
i hope i 'll find a cat whenever i 'm out and about outside .
i worry about the strays the weather can be brutal and i want them to have a nice home .
i used to see the commercial as a kid and sing the tune when bored .
i was n't a normal kid i was alone .
barely had any friends the friends i did have i felt embarrassed to have because i 'd get told bad things that made me somewhat a hermit .
but there was oscar the gray cat and blacky a fluffy black and brown cat .
i also had my childhood kitty leopold leo for short .
if he was a human he 'd be one of those wise elders .
i like friskies but not as much as meow mix .
truth be told meow mix is n't that healthy for kitties everything in moderation .
i ca n't wait when i have spare money so i can buy memorabilia .
i ca n't right now the money i get goes into savings .
i 'm gon na save up for a tricycle .
i ca n't drive so a tricycle would come in handy first and foremost .
i 'll have a beautiful flower garden along with my chicken farm .
i have it all planned out on what it 'll be like .
i did n't think i 'd make it this far .
i know i 'm definitely getting the meow mix clock for my trailer .
a meow mix clock a nice old grandma-esc flower couch hand-knitted coasters like the ones my grandma knitted an ice box a bunk bed i sleep on the top my plushies sleep on the bottom it 'll be awesome .
i 'm desperate right now to fight off this jock itch .
i 've had it once before and it took a month to get rid of it i did n't really look up treatments and take it seriously until way late .
now it 's come back and i 'm mentally physically and emotional at my end .
my birthday is coming up and despite my efforts it seems to be getting worse .
my routine i 've had this itch for about a week and half now .
i bought extra cotton underwear use a different towels every wash and apply lotrimin cream twice a day .
around 4 days later i started rubbing 70 rubbing alcohol and then the cream .
i believed it to be working for a couple days but now i think my skin ca n't handle it and is now drying up and cracking my skin with discharge .
needless to say i will stop with the rubbing alcohol .
my jobs uniform also forces me to wear not so loose pants and i walk around a lot out in 80 degree weather so i know that 's not helping .
i 'm desperate to get rid of fast at least find a consistent soothing way to get rid of jock itch .
is there some better treatment or otc drugs i should be using/taking ?
possibly an odd request but i am sick of looking at crappy webpages and trying to find random people so ... .here i go .
i am looking for a woodturner up here in the northeast that can turn some badass pepper/salt mills for me .
got the prints mostly done needs a few tweaks just need a quote for someone to crank them off in an acceptable local wood like ash maple pine or beech .
this is definitely a bit of a specialty project .
i have an opportunity to buy locally a 3700x for 220 .
i 'm running a gtx 1070 1080p 60hz monitor rn .
i plan on upgrading to a 144hz 1440p soon .
should i do it and sell my 2600x on ebay ?
please send u/notlisteningitsabook a private message with any comments or feedback on how i work .
submission rochkubatko orioles making multiple roster moves per a source .
team is calling up jahmai jones and kelvin gutierrez .
comments rochkubatko orioles making multiple roster moves per a source .
team is calling up jahmai jones and kelvin gutierrez .
but he is at least a top-30 orioles prospect .
i do n't record myself often but this was a fun one .
i am 33f with an eating disorder looking for more structure .
i want to upload attack on titan to the pirate bay because i dont see a torrent with all the seasons and episodes in 1080 ... so i thought why do n't i just make one .
my ob has said that a c-section is the best choice for our twins .
i 'm 28 weeks and at our appointment today she talked about many different scenarios that could happen .
my head is sort of spinning with all of the what if 's .
she said at my appointment in a couple of weeks we would discuss possibly going ahead and scheduling a c-section ... or we may not .
my mfm has said his best estimate for delivery for me is 37-38 weeks but my ob is reminding me that a lot can happen between now and then .
if you were a planned c-section how far in advance did your ob allow you to schedule it ?
edit baby b 's position is the reason for the likely c-section .
as stated in my post we talked about many different scenarios that could happen and that we may go ahead and schedule a c-section ... or we may not .
defending a c-section birth was n't really the point of this post .
taking 10.be ready you may have only 40 seconds to join !
ok i know this is basic but i 'm not handy .
what 's involved with replacing the flush mechanism in the toilet ?
mine is sticking and wo n't fill the tank with water sometimes unless i take off the lid and jiggle it .
is anyone else 's pittie a loud heavy breather ?
my girl is when she gets excited ... . and she is always excited !
she gets so excited when she goes for walks so the beginning of every walk she sounds like darth vader .
people can hear her breathing across the street and give us looks .
she 's the sweetest girl ever ... but given her breed and her crazy maniac breathing people thing she is a lunatic .
she 's so sweet and well behaved but that breathing makes her seem crazy !
hey guys i run a franchise on ps5 for madden 22 this is going to be a semi fun/competitive league ran smoothly by a team of commissioners who have done this for the past several maddens .
more details and info will be on the discord chat
only about 2 teams available at the moments so be sure to join in on this dope league it wo n't disappoint
i 've been taking zoloft for a little over a month now and i have been getting some nosebleeds .
not dripping running nosebleeds but nosebleeds where it feels like water is in my nose .
then i investigate and swab it with a q-tip or my finger and it 's full of blood .
was wondering if anyone else has this if it 's common and how i can stop this from happening .
there are roughly 3.04 trillion trees  in the world .
roughly 15 billion trees  are cut down each year .
wood token plans on  reducing that number  by our new dao decentralized autonomous organization .
wood token will act as a governance token and holders of wood will be able to either vote to burn  wood or give it to charities that stop deforestation .
15 billion wood will be burned  or donated out of the reserves monthly 0.4934 .
this will represent the number of trees  cut down every year .
wood token aspires to adopt a long-term burn  strategy that is both beneficial and rewarding for everybody involved .
additionally the total quantity of wood token burned is displayed on the website allowing for greater transparency in determining the current circulating supply at any one time .
wood token is erc-20 token trading on uniswap v2 with an eht/wood pair
 total supply 3.04 trillion wood to represent the number of trees  in the  world .
transactions will be limited to 0.5 of 3.04 trillion 15.2 billion .
this is in place to stop whales from accumulating to quickly and to prevent large token holders from dumping their shares and crashing the price .
there will be a 0.304 transaction fee on all transfers .
this fee will be sent to the charity/burn  wallet as a deflationary mechanism .
wood 's ultimate goal is to save the trees save humanity  and to save the planet  .
in order to do this wood is going to create an ecosystem where carbon credits can be minted as nft 's non fungible tokens and traded on the open market .
carbon credits or carbon offsets are measurable  verifiable emission reductions  from certified climate action projects .
projects that create carbon credits  reduce  eliminate greenhouse gas ghg emissions or take action to prevent it from happening .
these carbon credits can be bought by amazon apple or general motors to offset their carbon emissions .
the above companies pledged to go carbon neutral by 2040 .
in order to do that they need to buy carbon credits to offset their emissions .
wood token aims to position itself as a  blockchain solution  for the carbon credit marketplace that is set to explode in the upcoming years .
join the wood token community today and buy wood for good .
check us out on medium https medium.com therealwoodtoken https medium.com therealwoodtoken
you can find the price by looking on https v2.info.uniswap.org/pair/0xddffa322fc850b99d4e3974220a906f15dc5d997 https v2.info.uniswap.org/pair/0xddffa322fc850b99d4e3974220a906f15dc5d997
you can buy by using the link https app.uniswap.org swap ? use=v2 inputcurrency=eth outputcurrency=0x2d68c277341409dc8514273713a06de0563ceed8 https app.uniswap.org swap ? use=v2 inputcurrency=eth outputcurrency=0x2d68c277341409dc8514273713a06de0563ceed8
transaction limit you can only  buy  15 billion at a time 15000000000
uniswap version make sure to switch over to v2 instead of v3
increase slippage click the settings icon and increase the slippage to over 5 percent
tldr click the website click the buy button connect metamask increase slippage over 5 do n't buy over 15 billion
join the wood token community today and buy wood for good .
 busdswap will be the first ever decentralized finance dex platform to offer automated buyback function built into the exchange .
busd swap will be the first community-driven layer 2 protocol on binance smart chain .
a secondary framework or protocol created on top of an existing blockchain system is referred to as layer 2 .
the primary purpose of these protocols is to address the major cryptocurrency network 's transaction speed and scale issues .
we have been hard at work behind the scenes to bring you a legit working product where you can see your investment grow over time by just holding !
lets be honest for a second we have seen dozens of these similar projects come out in a short amount of time and die in few days or the day of launch .
here at busd swap we are going the distance to maximize everyone 's profits as a long term vision !
with marketing kicking off as we launch during and after we aim to hit high numbers !
with the work of the team help by the amazing busd swap community we can go places where we always wanted too !
 on each transaction busdswap receives a 6 buyback tax which is held inside the contract .
  doxxed founders a team of 10 people .
 youtube instagram medium discord telegram twitter pages all live ready .
 holders will receive a 2 bonus in a form of busdswap tokens
 networks binance smart chain initial launch leading up to ethereum chain
all those who enter the airdrop follow the instructions will be given busdswap tokens upon launch !
nuzzles him then notices the pair of eyes u-um ... hello ?
mc ! bluesby the stars are really pretty tonight bunny !
both him and gold are laying down on a soft blanket
yandere ! gold cups bluesby 's cheek and squishes it not as pretty as you boo
yandere ! gold holds bluesby close you 're my pretty bear always !
mc ! bluesby snuggles into gold 's fluffy chest can we stay here for a little while longer bunny ?
and i 'll kill any sickos that dare try to get you while we 're like this !
yandere ! gold genuinely smiles i love you too cubby
hey i main mid/adc but i also like to play top from time to time .
i 'm s3 atm and i would try to climb but i do n't like playing it solo .
looking for people in general to have fun with while climbing .
your rank or skill level does n't matter as long as you 're not toxic .
if you want to play dm me your discord or league name or write it below or add winkey face on league .
edit just saw a vid of him in an elephant onesie dance with others and blocking a busy la street .
how do you handle them when you are starting out ?
so basically i grew up in an incredibly abusive and neglectful household the sort of childhood that makes every seasoned therapist i 've seen throw up .
as a result of that and as a result my parents ' fears of signs of abuse being picked up by doctors etc or at least that 's my theory i was rarely taken to the doctor when sick which i was a lot as a child let alone for routine tests .
i started getting migraines when i was about 14 absolutely no family history of migraine that most people wrote off as hormonal despite the fact it did n't really follow my cycle and i 'd started periods at 8 long before migraines .
it was recently suggested that i should get an eye test as also i essentially do n't so much see things in details as shapes and colours with muddled lines .
and ... it would seem i 'm going blind .
they were n't sure why exactly apart from that the optic nerve was not right ?
but that my eye sight is 3/60 and 6/60 left and right .
i 'm also entirely night blind and can only get around my house by memory and touch .
god knows what it 'll be like when i have to move .
i 've always taken relative care of myself and do n't indulge in drink or drugs at all and live a pretty healthy lifestyle .
but now i do n't know what my life will look like in the future .
so ... just gon na lay this out here .
covid really fucked me and not in a satisfying way .
i lost my job of 8 years due to no daycare .
i then suffered with depression and extreme anxiety bc i no longer had insurance either so i went without my therapists .
i had to make financial decisions to keep a roof over my babe 's heads .
i tried several other routes besides banking which i 've been in for 15 years .
i 've been paying 1250.00 for a 3 bedroom 2.5 bathroom .
i 've been here at this complex before for 3 years..
i am currently dealing with possibly being homeless with two minors a 16 year old and a 2 year old .
my credit took a huge hit because i was falling behind on certain payments i had to prioritize .
i have had a new job for 5 months and have been catching up but credit takes longer to build than it does to fall .
i wo n't get an approval for a new place especially a 3 bedroom .
also i could lose custody of my baby boy bc of this .
i 'm terrified and there was nothing i could do during covid .
my heart rate has been extremely high had to take my watch off so it would stop telling me and i 'm trying to stay calm .
i do not have family here and i would n't be able to move to them bc my son 's father is here .
i have a simpl module that i would like to convert to work with crestron home as a module usable by other programmers .
hey so obviously something is troubling me which is why i had to actually make an account and just get things off my chest and ask for advice .
i am currently a freshmen in college and have been dating my girlfriend for a couple of months but we have been friends for a little before .
i am a person who is honestly shows too much emotions and lets my past relationships affect how i am today .
i 'm an overthinker which i know a lot of people are but like how do i stop i 'm constantly anxious and i would n't call it stress but it is something to that degree .
a little background on me is that a majority of my past relationships have gone to shit which i understand that i can keep using them as an excuse but at this point i still do .
i got cheated on and dumped twice which was not really good for my mental so i just decided to take a break from dating all together which lasted a few years but when i met my currently girlfriend i do n't know what about her but i just knew i had to at least attempt it which took a lot .
she is a dry texter and honestly does n't show that much emotions but when she does it is the greatest feeling in the world .
i have talked to her about my problems and my mindset before but i 'm not sure why but the thought of her losing feelings and just dumping me like the previous exes have done reside on my mind which is something i hate to admit but yeah .
this is probably my first healthy relationship '' in the sense that me and her can be doing our own things throughout the day and then just talk at night understanding that we are dating each other but at times i 'm not sure why but i just end of panicking .
i really want this relationship to workout and she has said me and her are good countless times but any advice on how to make me worry less and actually just trust her more ?
growing up i have lost so many friends family pets both actual deaths and just abandonment .
every time i think i have cried my last tears i get hit by another wave of grief .
i distract myself with maladaptive coping skills and anger/anxiety and i used to bottle it all up but now i can not stop grieving .
i do n't know if it caused my bpd to develop or if i feel it more intensely because of bpd .
it makes me want to isolate/sabotage relationships so that i do n't have to feel pain anymore but loneliness feels bad as well .
i also struggle with chronic suicidal thoughts and at times it feels like the best way to spare myself the pain of losing anyone else .
if this does n't belong here please point me in the right direction .
obligatory on mobile english is my first language so any errors are on me .
i work at one of the thruway rest areas we have a bk a starbucks and a travel mart think souvenirs shop .
i work in bk but because of you know what '' we have been extremely short staffed at times not because we 're not hiring but because a lot of people quit or just do n't want to come back because unemployment is paying more so i also clean the woman 's restrooms .
i do wash my hands and change gloves often so i 'm not bringing bacteria into the kitchen .
mostly i 'll just sweep or flush toilets but lately it seems like i 'm constantly needing to sweep or go through and flush toilets because woman just toss their toilet paper on the floor or just do n't flush .
i actually saw someone tearing pieces of toilet paper and throwing it on the floor before she left the stall .
other times they will leave the stall with wads of paper and just drop it on the floor .
because if they are just doing this because they want to that 's seriously stupid .
then we will get the people who think they can yell at the cashier because they forgot to tell us they wanted a fry with their sandwich .
had one guy practically screaming and a new hire because they heard him wrong .
we got him the correct food but he continued to scream at the cashier until me and another employee told him to leave before we called thruway patrol .
seriously what is wrong with people these days ? ?
does anyone have a flowchart for the remake or should i just go in blind ?
we 're expecting our second girl any day now and are struggling to come up with a name .
we have a short list but none of the names are really jumping out at us .
a more modern-sounding name nothing like anjali priya radha sonia neha etc .
6 letters or easily made into 6 letters without making the spelling too unique ''
not overly popular in india or the nri community in north america but some popularity is ok no names like kavya saanvi or maya
a meaning that honors my mother-in-law who loved music flowers and was the most beautiful person both inside and out
our older daughter 's name is mihika to give you an idea of a name that we love .
we also are n't concerned about the ease of pronunciation for english speakers .
we thought that mihika was easy to pronounce mee-hee-kuh but we correct people literally every day most english speakers pronounce her name mah-hee-kuh .
this auction happened on august 14th 2021 and consisted of 463 different disney artifacts and collectibles .
history of auction only found on icollector so no total sales sheet present .
link to icollector https www.icollector.com/disneyana-and-memorabilia-auction-iii_a50761 here 's a list of the top 5 sold items
5 disneyland pirates of the caribbean park prop barrell 90's-2000 's
i can trade so many drill kits dm me !
new university student are flooding to campuses to start the next chapter of their academic lives !
the college try is dedicated to those newly-legal freshly moved in university students who are ready to experiment with all the sluttiness that university life has to offer !
he was moving in all by himself no family or nothing .
his roommate 's whole family came including his mom who did nothing but watch as everyone moved boxes into the cramped dorm all day .
at least she was easy to look at huge tits and a shirt that showed them off a thick ass and tight shorts that her cheeks kept trying to escape from and a plump pair of lips that kept playing with her straw to her iced coffee .
he might 've gotten a little hard from time to time while he was working .
she moaned ever so sluttily as he carried the last box in .
but now that you 're finished with that package maybe we take care of this one ? ''
she said with a sultry smile as her nails trailed across the bulge in his pants her tongue teasing the the straw as a bubble of heavy cream slid down the side .
okay i 've been in 3 relationships my whole life and they all was so bad to me i never felt like i was the problem because 2 is still single i mean i 'm single as ever but i hate guys that act like they want to be with you until they find out you and your son is a package like what guy walks out on a lady he supposedly love because she has a son omgg i 'm just so fed up and ready to move on !
yes i know the headline that s a bit unusual ... but please hear me out .
well actually it 's exactly what i 'm looking.. someone with daddy issues and who knows what it 's like to be wanted and knows how to treat her man .
about me ... 58 6'0 188 athletic adventurous free thinker definitely not a man bun skinny jean wearing guy .
i work hard play hard love a good whiskey and a like minded woman by his side .
i 'm in a bad relationship that i 'm in the midst of leaving.. there is light at the end of the tunnel ... but i wanted to be honest .
now about the one i seek ... a woman 18 with daddy issues as well as like interests open minded free thinker who is passionate about taking care of herself and her man .
ideally i would like her to live in my area but i am open to any areas ... we can work that out .
what is very important however is that your truly ready for a relationship dynamic like this .
also we will need to exchange pics early on see if we are attracted to each other .
not into people who are novelty hunters ' and a f i 'm not for you just be an adult and let me know .
one player at my player made up that his character is a prince of a cloud kingdom in order to convince other pcs to do his bidding and said pcs now want to go there .
through later play it was established that the kingdom really exists and i have a twist in mind .
any supplements i can use as an inspiration for the environment and side quests ?
hey my delivery window for a sr is coming soon and i 'm wondering from those of you with experience what you think i should make sure do first/immediately .
i already ordered all weather mats and a screen protector .
when i 'm actually at the pick up location and i 'm inspecting the car what specific things should i make sure to check and look out for ?
some of you have suggested getting it detailed and ceramic coated immediately .
does this make a big difference and roughly what does a job like that run ?
i 'm planning to powder coat my sport wheels should i also do that immediately or is it fine to wait until say winter when i 'm planning to buy 18 winter tires ?
i just saw the anime but upon entering reddit i ended up reading that there is a story of mion and shion being exchanged can someone explain this story to me better ?
so i think after i fought the upgraded oshara reverie my camera somehow zooms out further now ?
i do n't remember seeing so much extra.. i 've tried looking up several videos of build guides on youtube and position my character in town the same and i 'm able to see wayyy more .
was n't able to find anything about this from google if it 's a bug or what it 's killing my frames but it 's making havoc orbing things from screens away easy
like we were brought into this world without our consent .
why is it such a big deal to decide to just not want to live anymore ?
why are we forced to be born and deal with everything that comes with it .
an individual wants to pump out kids by the dozen and no one bats an eye .
someone decides their tired of living and does n't want to live anymore and all of sudden everyone 's in arms .
payless cctv is a melbourne based company and tailor security camera systems to your requirements and within your budget australia wide .
ca n't afford to pay for a cctv security system ?
no need to worry ... we can even arrange a monthly payment plan http paylesscctv.com.au/contact-us.html for your needs .
australia is such a beautiful country but the crime rate is still enormously high .
thousands of people get robbed in australia every year .
as a home owner it is your responsibility to pay attention of your valuables and family and we specialize at providing cost effective and most efficient home security solutions .
burglary is a more common crime that is committed by criminals .
burglary is one of the easiest crimes to prevent but if it happens at your home or in your office you can lose a lot of possessions .
a break-in even when you 're not there has really bad impact on you and your families .
there are steps you can take to prevent robbery in your home or in your business .
you should have a professional company install security cameras at your home or business so you can monitor when you are away .
footage from security cameras can be used to prosecute the intruders and get them off streets .
cctv security cameras installation gives you peace of mind and a feel of relaxation weather you are at home or not but you are still able to see what 's happening in your absence .
i have figured out how large thano 's flaccid penis is .
i know what you 're thinking how could i have done this ?
the picture was of thanos and iron man standing next to each other .
it came directly from marvel so we know for certain that the proportions are correct .
now that we have the two characters how does one go about actually determining thano 's length ?
we only need the length of robert downey jr. 's penis .
luckily we have a vague idea of just how large that is .
back in 2014 robert downey jr. was quoted saying something along the lines of i have a massive dick and feminism is a joke .
from this statement we can determine one major thing robert downey jr. slays women with his massive peen .
but just how big is massive ? to answer that we need to do some research .
taking to the internet i used pixel measurements and calculated the length of many many penises that belonged to various different porn stars .
i averaged the results and came up with about 3.8 inches flaccid on average .
if robert downey jr. truly has a massive penis than his must be slightly larger than this .
therefore i elected to round up to 4 inches .
next up we need to do some more pixel measurements .
tony stark is 6'1 so in this image we used that number to calculate how many pixels per inch this picture had .
we came up with the number of 7 pixels per inch .
using this number we were able to discover that thanos was 98 inches tall or 8'2 .
after some quick calculations we determined that thanos was approximately 1.36 times larger than robert downey jr. with this proportion in hand we can now do the unthinkable .
if we take robert downey jr. 's length of 4 and multiply it by 1.35 we get 5.44 .
but think of it this way that 's his flaccid length .
on average the human penis generally doubles in length when going from flaccid to hard .
this means that thano 's kielbasa is likely almost 12 inches when fully erect .
if you still think that this is small just try and imagine that absolute unit of a cock shoved into your tight little ass .
his massive purple rod being passionately thrust back and forth ripping your rectum to shreds .
and do n't even get me started on his cum .
the thought of thanos just unloading gallons and gallons of children into me just makes me rock hard .
there is nothing that turns me on more than thano 's massive 12 inch dick .
i wish he would just shove it in every hole in my body .
i want him to take his flaccid dick and wrap it around my neck like a noose .
getting strangled to death by thano 's bad boy would probably feel so amazing .
the only thing that would make it better would be if he was n't circumcised .
i 'd be able to peel back his foreskin like a big purple meaty banana .
i 'd peel it back and i 'd eat every last particle of dick cheese .
i 'd lick it all up until his meat flute was all shiny and sticky .
and once it 's all lubed up i 'd let him put it in my butt again .
he 'd fuck me so hard that all my inside get jimmied around and it would be amazing .
then he 'd cum again but this time there 's be so much that it fills up my entire body .
just imagine thanos has almost finished ravaging your butthole when he unleashed a tsunami of hot sticky semen into your body .
it fills up your ass but thano 's sex pistol is so thick that it wo n't leak out through my booty .
eventually it starts filling up my intestines and stomach before it eventually begins to quickly flow out from my mouth .
at this point i 'm vomiting thanos 's cum everywhere but i 'm not doing it fast enough .
the pressure builds as the semen starts to slowly drip out of every hole im my body .
my dick my nose my ears and even my eyes .
he 's like an infinite water source of daddy sauce .
i explode in a glorious display of semen and viscera .
by stomach as burst open and i am now just a head and torso but only the back half of my torso remains .
all my limbs are blown off as well as my own dick .
thanos caresses what 's left of my face with his thick purple hand .
i want to keep going. thanos says to me gently are you okay with that ?
despite the fact that my windpipes are mostly exploded i manage to say to him yes.
thanos nods and proceeds to kiss me passionately on the lips .
he unsheaths his excalibur and gently inserts into the new hole where my dick used to be .
he picks me up now that i 'm little more than a lump of flesh .
he slowly pulls his dick in and out of me in an attempt to make sure that my new pussy would be an adequate hole .
upon determining that it is he begins to violently move me up and down as if i was nothing more than just a fleshlight .
but since i was with the love of my life thanos i did n't even care .
after a little while more his sex pistol is cocked and he fires one more last burst of cum .
this shot was so intense that i slide right out of him and blast off into space .
million miles an hour by nickelback begins to play as i rocketed through the cosmos .
the intense heat of thano 's semen prevents me from freezing to death .
back on the planet where we fucked thanos quietly whispers to my quickly shrinking body no homo ...
i traveled through the galaxy for what felt like days before i became caught in the gravity of a black hole .
thanos 's semen was still keeping me alive but the propulsion was n't strong enough to prevent me from getting sucked in .
upon reaching the black hole 's event horizon something incredible happened .
the explosion eventually resulted in the formation of a star .
upon the star 's creation i was launched out into the star 's orbit before my body was ripped apart by the immense gravity of the sun and my various parts were cast to the void .
but my soul remained attached to the star that had just formed .
i watched for billions of years as my pieces ' own gravitational pulls slowly began to attract other particles until they all eventually became planets .
i continued to watch over this new solar system .
eventually on the third planet out i saw something amazing .
i watched as from the planet 's primordial ooze a small life form emerged .
through the ages i watched as this life evolved grew and took on a much more complex form .
after some time they became a species known as human .
but not nearly intelligent enough for other beings to visit them .
i continued to watch over these humans as their culture developed further .
unil one day a film known as avengers infinity war was released .
it was a cultural phenomenon although it was n't very good from an objective standpoint .
when thanos appeared as a character on earth i knew that my journey was complete .
i can not explain how but some way or another some part of thanos had stayed with the body part that eventually became earth .
and as a result his influence could be seen all throughout history .
this all came to a head with infinity war .
thanos 's semen gave life to an entire planet of creature and they repaid him in the ultimate way .
thanos has now been forever immortalized in their culture .
as the most competently written characters in one of the most mediocre movies of all time .
also you can use the site search to find any coupons you want .
ca n't remember other two effects just wan na know what its worth
i 've gone through about 3 head shavers now .
every single one is the same the whole housing unit with the heads come off but you ca n't take the individual blades out to clean see picture .
so after a couple times using it 's already clogged and running it under water as recommended does n't do crap it just makes it worse .
anybody know of a head shaver where you can remove the individual blades to clean them out similar to a regular face electric shaver ?
hey um i loaded the original fabric api and it wont let me load my skin help ! ! ! ! !
for me its the altgeld bathroom that can be seen from the 314 lecture hall
in the second half of 2021 with the popularity of new crypto concepts such as metaverse nft and web 3.0 people have a new level of awareness of future blockchain applications and waves of waves are coming at a super speed .
an endless stream of investors and crypto enthusiasts poured into this movement one after another and a large amount of traffic data poured out like an erupting volcano .
in fact with the maturity of these concepts people in the market hold uncertain views on the future of metaverse nft and web 3.0 .
how can the security rights and interests of assets be guaranteed ?
the essence of the internet is the exchange of data .
as a complete internet infrastructure data security will directly determine the security of the network .
and a secure network ecology will also serve as the qualification endorsement of digital asset security and distributed storage is also about to usher in a dividend period .
looking at the current market with the continuous upgrading and advancement of encryption technology people have also found that there are some unsolvable drawbacks most smart contracts are still not perfect and the data on the chain is intelligently recorded but other data can not be stored namely it is defi which can be called decentralization '' because the application front-end is deployed on centralized servers '' so it is generally considered by the market that it is still centralized .
at the same time with the popularity of the nft concept the market has maintained a high degree of vigilance for the security of nft assets .
most nft assets are very expensive and the consequences of data loss are unimaginable .
the nft chain only records its number transaction records and other data .
the data of the nft itself can not be stored on the chain due to complex reasons such as audio and video files .
it can only be stored in a centralized terminal .
once a centralized server appears the failure is very likely to cause the loss of these nft audio-visual files and directly cause the economic effect of the nft asset to lose .
distributed data storage fully meets the storage requirements of these audio-visual files .
distributed data storage can spread centralized data in the form of shard packaging for storage in the market and its advantages of high stability security and privacy are in line with decentralized encryption ideas and massive market storage space can also bring a solid foundation for these rapidly growing nft assets .
distributed data storage solutions can bring these nft assets non-tamperable non-stolen and non-lost capabilities .
at the 2020 hangzhou industry summit zhang xiaodong head of jd com business related business said from the perspective of jd com business platform routers are the entrance to every family .
as the basic unit of society whoever can enter every family will become the master of the future and in the near future distributed storage will enter thousands of households .
a large number of participants have brought huge amounts of traffic and the real conversion of these traffic data is realisation .
if the combination of traffic and distributed data storage will collide with each other what kind of spark will it collide ?
flowcoin is a flow data distributed storage application based on the underlying technology of ipfs .
it aims to return the fission of flow data value to the market at the same time creating a new flow value ecology in which all employees can participate build together and create wealth together .
flowcoin is a decentralized storage network that turns cloud storage into an algorithmic market .
this market operates based on a local protocol token where miners can obtain flw by providing storage to customers .
in turn customers spend flw to hire miners to store or distribute data .
like btc flowcoin miners compete to mine blocks for considerable rewards but the mining power of flowcoin is proportional to the effective storage that is it directly provides customers with useful services .
this is not the same as the btc digital mining mechanism .
it is limited to maintaining the consensus of the blockchain .
this design provides a huge incentive for digital miners to gather storage as much as possible for renting out to customers .
everyone can recommend friends around them to join flowcoin to become a part of the community and provide services to the community .
everyone who has contributed to the development of the community deserves full rewards .
enjoy the right to use the surrounding ecology and exchange the right to use the shared computing ecological service .
flw tokens are the bond of value for all users and therefore also the bond of hearts and minds .
as a value carrier the greater the number of platform users the greater the market demand for flw tokens as a limited total amount of blockchain tokens and the final manifestation is the increase in the market price of flw which will make all flw tokens hold those who benefit .
as the surrounding ecology continues to improve flw tokens will form a complete ecosystem and all participating users will benefit .
the role of a user is not only a user but also a community of interests which fundamentally changes the behavior of users .
the emergence of flowcoin will mark the beginning of this flow data distributed storage application .
in the future with the popularity of the encryption market it is believed that more and more people will join this hashrate data frenzy bringing a new flow to the flow ecology .
promote the coordinated development of the encryption industry and digital application ecology empower the internet era and promote the construction of computing power networks .
facing your whiteness is hard and can result in feelings of guilt sadness confusion defensiveness or fear .
dr. robin diangelo coined the term white fragility to describe these feelings as a state in which even a minimum amount of racial stress becomes intolerable triggering a range of defensive moves . ''
since white people live in a social environment that insulates them from race-based stress '' whites are rarely challenged and have less of a tolerance to race-based stress .
it seems given the premium placed on looks in determining race and whiteness there is a bit of a trap here .
on the one hand you have likely heard more stories about racial profiling/racial mistreatment from the parent of color and value it more because it 's not someone random but a family member .
on the other hand you benefit from white privilege though economically this may not be true given the context of generational wealth .
in such a context it seems that the view of white social environment may falter here because there is less insulation from race-based stress if a parent is not white .
beyond this is it a fully defensive move to delve into these thoughts ?
while some would value them others in my experience white liberals typically will say because you have white privilege on a personal level it 's all just making excuses .
if you ca n't discuss it however then you make the statement that only your white side is relevant .
when your ancestors were packed into ships and sent across an ocean as slaves this reduction to white seems to be a negative .
i do n't want to lose any apps or files .
i contacted microsoft and they said it was an issue with bios i tried pressing f2 and f12 but they were n't very helpful with what to do after that .
so im not trying to prove who 's better or more knowledgeable than thre next ... this is simply something that 's fun and may bring good or bad memories back up .
name the mixtape this disclaimer is from ... film in the blanks it 'll answer the question in play ... 
' this film is meant for the true reality death enthusiast . ''
in the tradition of absolutely none of the footage contained in this film is recreated in any way which makes series the first true shockumentaries '' ever released !
this one is one of the og gore mixtapes in my opinion .
not as tame as faces but still not as extreme as ogrish or stars of the ync .
it 's one i love to watch again and again .
im a true gore fan and i know urs weird but fuck !
you alone control your life and if there 's a problem morally or socially with your hobby well more power to you ... please yourself first !
question 1 what will happen if the hacker top up my account ?
question 2 can the hacker refund my welkinmoon purchases ?
probably more upset at how close they got to winning 10,000 rather than the 10 bet .
this message serves as a warning for a violation of law 0
law of low effort content that is low-effort or does not contribute to civil discussion in any meaningful way will be removed .
please submit questions or comments via modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmoderatepolitics .
locks are n't really meant to be perfect they 're there to deter opportunistic thieves .
highly doubt a burglar is going to stand outside your door picking the lock and risk getting caught when they could try another house that has easier access .
obviously this is just for opportunists and does n't factor in whether the burglar has scoped your house out for valuables .
naravno da mirni protesti u ovakvoj vlasti ne postizu nista .
ali plasim kada bi nasilno to uradili situacija bi nastala kao i u ukrajni .
apsolutno sam protiv sadasnjeg rezima ali kada bi ih smenili ko ?
jedino da je snazno utvrdjena nova opozicija u koju narod ima poverenja a ne kontrolisani placenici .
do n't act like you would n't be looking for my replacement before i even hit the pavement
pretty sure some of the teams actually intentionally ditch their entire gold team and create a brand new one .
easy wins all the way back to gold then start over .
surely take someone who plays as backup because even if you do n't use them too often it stops someone else having then
not to be the big shitter but these kind of comments are exactly why these shitty people host bots
hopefully this jacko pose trend gets more people into strive arc sys makes some of the most impressive fighting games .
i 'd love to baby after i eat that sweet ass .
i think i missed the memo what is this gmerica thing ?
there is satisfaction an ego boost in seeing your partner orgasm from your actions .
but for her this needs to be balanced with having her partner be the kind of man he wants to be and that she wants to be with .
my gf understands that i 'm just better in every sense when on sr .
so she never pressures me to cum and if i say i want to retain she gets it .
haha i think it 's more at the pub with work when your boss/director says '' i 'll get these do n't worry '' and you say are you sure ? ''
or the worst no do n't worry i 've got it '' even though you really mean your fucking damn right your paying you earn a shit load more then me ! ! ! !
good luck if you can do it ... but in wws it almost always results in death .
i have never heard of anything in any book i have read so far .
covenant ships are a lot faster than unsc ships so it 's possible they just sit it out .
the sanghelli are not reclaimers like humanity is and i doubt the didact cares about them .
i 'm speaking poetically because the reasons it was done to me were for christian reasons established in the old testament .
part of the story of joseph and his father jacob involved circumcision as way of marking one 's devotion to the god of israel .
to the extent that europeans do n't practice circumcision that much only speaks to the level of orthodoxy and fanaticism among american christians .
i was forced to live my given faith and if other christians did n't do it they were n't sworn to god and would n't inherent a paradise earth after armageddon and the resurrection .
d they eat maggots and the flies they turn into do n't have mouth parts so they do n't bother humans .
earthworms eat earth and leaves tiger worms do n't eat earth but eat literally anything else .
the president of my country declared trans people viscerally disgusting '' on live national tv and claimed that we are all legit criminals who will be arrested and jailed for the crime of self-harm '' that 's not a real crime i have no idea what drugs he takes that makes him think it is .
recently the rapists of a trans autistic girl who was put in the male wing of a psych ward that 's where she was raped were set free because the judge said surely she could n't even be traumatised by the experience because she has asperger 's syndrome .
as far as i know the girl is n't any lower-functioning than my pal who is a completely functioning and definitely emotionally there '' person .
also from what i know the judge was n't kind enough to use she '' .
you 'll find most doctors and figures of power will refuse to use the correct pronouns even if you ve been on hormones for years and pass perfectly .
they 'll switch as soon as they see the sex identificator in your id .
it was a great investment if you had a bunch of m that 2 weeks when they were magically 10k credits all of a sudden .
you seriously need to talk to existing electric car owners .
you will often drive to one of these stations and discover all the chargers are in use and they 're only getting busier .
if you do what 's the plan if you need to charge hang around and wait ?
how will you get back the several miles that you will presumably otherwise drive ?
it 's so so common to get to electric charge points and just find nothing available .
he killed the princess ordered her to make the body fall from stairs and gave '' her the tiara to have the silence .
i 'm not sure if you 've taken a ccw in this state but it 's next to impossible to defend yourself legally here .
i know that 's blue cheese and blue cheese isade with mold .
his voice always calms me down whenever i watch his vids and they 're really informational as well
still you 'd think someone they recruited would n't get far if they could n't swim either .
would that scene really he different if it were a tank of piranhas ? ''
if they were fish widely kown as violent and predatory then seeing them attack would n't have been a surprise .
them looking cute was a setup the punchline was watching them change and become vicious .
if i was ever to be knighted i 'd legally change my name to cumcised just so the queen would put a sword on my shoulder and say i now pronounce you sir cumsized '' and i 'd be able to say you 'll need to move the sword lower for that your majesty ''
except the majority of arsenal fans have said it 's a red so your chatting out of your arsehole .
you 're getting downvoted because you 're in denial like you would n't smash that boipuss like it owes you money
i vigorously defended the show until the end of v5 .
i would still do this because the entertainment value of v1-v6 is even in hindsight above average .
but applying formal '' criteria there are massive leaks pyrrha and the wf mess early on .
i like the variation mentioned in the youtube clip .
if you are up against a defender who likes to reach another move can be applied .
however this move has been done multiple times against a defender as the assume i 'm going to attack right which makes them shift in that direction allowing an opening on the other side .
we learn the fundamentals yes afterwards we experiement explore new ways to beat a defender .
i like to make ramen from scratch very occasionally with dumplings it makes such a mess but i clean as i go .
the same when baking my oh would usually clean if he eats what i 've cooked unless i 've done something extreme and then i try and keep ontop of it as i go .
not hard soapy bowl at the ready and 1min here and there .
we already give them an eye-watering amount every month for free .
if they choose not to feed their kids they are spending that money on something else .
they are essentially extorting the rest of us by saying i 've spent that money on booze/cogs/sky sports and now my kid is going to starve if you do n't do something about it .
and before you say but the benefits are n't enough to live on the current cap for a couple is 23,000 .
probably enough to buy some food for a child but maybe i 'm just annoyed that these people literally earn more than i did in my first job and still wo n't take any responsibility .
i have decided that i will post every day except sunday but every monday i will post double fan arts if possible
having cereal with cold milk instead of warming it up
we have lost a war on our own soil .
we go 0-5 or something and then decide to switch qb we maybe have a shot at playoffs it 's an uphill battle .
you change after 2 weeks of bad play your chances go way up .
r/bestof no longer allows submissions from that subreddit as their mod team has declined to be featured on r/bestof .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bestof if you have any questions or concerns .
it was around 620 also it was n't valstrax armor or any elder dragons armor .
i used a sleep agitator rampage longsword build with a combination of vaik mail rathalos braces anja coil somnacanth helm and goss harag pants
on the dutch coast rain is n't a big issue .
it logically makes sense in the world using will so much ages you significantly .
i love the concept behind it your hero is shaped by your actions .
it 's interesting far more appealing than putting numbers in a stat list .
just the visual exectuion leaves a little to be desired mostly down to the engine .
it 's especially poorly done when clothes have to fit you and they get stretched to weird proportions on tall fat heroes .
me and everyone i know is feeling the same way .
a new common cheat is teleporting and i 've also seen an uprise in aimbotting trough walls .
to the guy i ca n't reply to for whatever reason
reminds me of the scammer that tried to tell me that some security software on my computer was being discontinued .
he was going to help me uninstall it and give me a refund ...
me so when did this program get installed ? ''
m well i built this pc 5 months ago so how does that work ? ''
s keeps insisting it 's on my computer and i need his help to remove it ... .
eventually told him i knew it was a scam and he told me he would get me because i am smarter than you . ''
i just wasted an hour and a half of his day but sure dude ...
this is the worst torture to lab animals i think we 've ever done .
i 'm a meat eater hunter fisherman i see the level of pain and suffering nature puts out and receives ever watched hyenas dig into a living animal ?
pretty horrifying stuff however if sentience is present here and the different personalities between different brains insinuates that is the case this is cruelty and torture beyond measure .
i think we just need to call it quits on the gadgets and all and get back to farming ...
grab a screenshot of the wsb founder and put one of his quotes on it .
i did not emphasize that i hate player phase units smh .
i referred to the four units in my post as player phase units because you were the one who said they would die if edelgard initiated on them .
to which i responded by saying yeah no shit they would die in the enemy phase hence why it 's better to use them in the player phase and kill edelgard before she even gets a chance to get close to them
tldr if i run into edelgard in arena or ar i just initiate on her with byleth eirika micaiah or ullr and she dies in one round .
she does n't even get the chance to come up and initiate on any of my units
to add to that some cultures have eds that count as harbours meaning that you can have the boni on multiple harbour-like districts .
carthaginians and norse allow you to stack them like that for example .
oh ok thats nice tips but in my case im from belguim and i can play and i dont understand how .
i just downloaded the game from the link above and its working .
i can join the eu serv ' make a character play and see others players
a simple google search would be an easier way to find out
i have a bleeding finger and i managed to get this done in just 3 hours
but do n't you think white farmers also need a stimulus .
trust me when i say this almost all farmers are one step away from bankruptcy
the central point of the lamf theme is that the people voting for the leopard brought it upon themselves through their own actions .
you should n't add gasoline to an already burning wreck .
i got a random endoscope usb camera and attached it to my prusa with a printed adapter .
this way i have a nozzle-focused cam to debug .
as long as your camera supports the right format i think it was mp4 but i 'm not home/ca n't check it rn .
i 've yet to see an avtomat outside of challenge missions .
maybe i 'll see one tonight since i jinxed it .
i do n't even wan na explain it lol .
maybe it was they 're fault for making it a bad experience
my hourly rate is and i bet i can do that in about x hours .
if you tell me what kind of yarn and stitch you 're interested in i can work up a full quote for you. most of the time that kills the interest at once .
but now and then someone agrees and then i get paid to crochet which is cool too !
i used to love this show and then i could never find it again and i thought i just imagined the whole ass show
so to you communism is when the will of the people is irrelevant and government just exercises arbitrary and unaccountable power ?
wanting to listen to what the majority of people want makes you a liberal '' does it ?
do n't you think this mentality is just going to alienate people from socialist ideas ?
that is as some serious restraint you did n't even hint that you knew something !
i 'd do whatever you wanted to feel your gorgeous big hard cock in my mouth an ass
and unless somewhere like tftcentral or hardware unboxed has test measurements of the various overdrive modes for your particular monitor model then there 's no way to give a definitive answer .
that card does not look like long term booking to me .
you do n't know the truth.. you do n't know these people at all .
unless you 're homophobic i do n't know why you 'd care about his sexuality at all .
sometimes you have squads without sl 's which does n't mind no communication and they play for fun .
if someone from the squad takes sl because there is none why would you blame him ?
it 's better for team to have sl which does n't communicate than no sl at all .
it seems to me like you 're under a very very very very very very very very misinformed misconception that sex and their partner being great at it is the most important thing in a relationship for a woman .
that 's what the person was trying to point out that even though that guy was the best sex she 's ever had the other parts of his personality were more important to her than him being good at sex .
it sounds like you 're more worried that your personality is not going to make up for being bad at sex or for not being the best that they 've ever had .
and honestly if you 're the kind of person who would end a relationship over a woman telling you that you 're not the best sex she 's ever had you might be right .
because that sounds like kind of a dick thing to do .
if i were in a relationship with a woman and she told me that i was n't the best she 'd ever had i would have two reactions to that .
one i would be incredibly flattered that the other parts of my personality were enough to make up for that and that she would n't want to leave me for someone who was better at sex just because they were better at sex or we would n't have reached this stage in our relationship in the first place .
two i would take it as a personal challenge to get better at sex so that i could become the best sexual partner that she 's ever had as well as also having a personality that she 's attracted to .
should have seen if an equake spell could have touched both air defence .
take arena 's put ut in it 's own game make it a 6v6 with titans .
and look at that there is a higher play rate than ever before .
you 're certainly entitled to your opinion but ultimately it 's just a trailer .
is there an instance of de-aging you think was on point ?
i figured it 's that star 's inability to show that she 's proving her worth and self doubt and marcos in the building to find his place in the world overcomed
sorry your submission has been removed as it is not an approved domain and also due to excessive spam from other sources .
if this message is an error please contact the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/leahgotti if you have any questions or concerns .
can you please tell me how to do a tap strafe ?
i 'm trying to figure it out but i 'm failing miserably .
i missed a chance to have my last moments with my father after he got into a car crash and was dying in the hospital .
bro warzone has nvidia reflex which reduces input lag by 50 using ai make sure you turn it on 10 fps will reduce 2-3ms input lag but reflex will reduce 30-40ms
the spider symbols on the suit remind me a ton of the spider-man 3 black suit
it would be lovely if you could post some of the pictures on reddit .
we 're all living in social media bubbles now .
all of us are having our world views shaped by prepackaged demonstrations of those awful other people 's awfulness and the heroic defiance of our bubble 's leader in the face of their awfulness .
i think i need to get off social media before it ruins everything .
this submission has been removed because the title does not end with a primary tag or secondary tag .
the correct format is servername primary tag secondary tags .
please resubmit your server with a corrected title after referencing the title formatting requirements https www.reddit.com/r/mcservers/wiki/index wiki_title_formatting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mcservers if you have any questions or concerns .
lem me know which ones you want the most and i 'll see what i can do
it doesnt look as bad in person as in the pics tho
edit sorry someone i talked to earlier decided to take the card
in the background there could be a reference to socksfor3/socksafterdark and if you interact with it you can get a secret weapon that is a
megaphone from amogus and you use it to say censores swears at enemies as a area attack
it 's not my team lol it 's based on whoscored ratings i think
that 's great at the shops i was looking at seikos with a chrono and they were humongous
never use placebo with x265 it will take a lot longer while often delivering worse results .
something does n't work right with that extended me range i think .
stay lean do a lean bulk you look amazing bigger is not always better
i 've unplugged the modem quite a few times .
currently thinking about what i 'd look like with an eyepatch
i thought is was more of a niggas in paris reference since we know ye likes and lives in paris sometimes and messi went to psg
i doubt that a drug dealer would sell shroom laced with pcp cause thats just extra money from his pocket ... his trying to make money not give free drugs to people .
wanting a name to mock cole beasley or kirk cousins
and i add that if those poor uneducated people stopped cleaning their big fancy offices for week the eugenicists would suddenly rank the poor as high value .
thank you for your input and verbal use of understanding in words nobody can deny .
i will be using some of these lines in a conversation i plan to have with him and sometimes i stumble on what to say as he is overwhelming and very aggressive in the talking area .
it 's going on 3years and i do n't wan na make it 30
just ignore all the ppl trying to pull you down .
i just googled this so if it 's incorrect it 's google 's fault
the company demanded proof of maintenance '' which must match manufacturers maintenance requirements with reciepts .
ok but is n't this valid for regular maintenance too ?
even in the eu with very strict legal obligations for the manufacturer you have to follow prescribed maintenance and have the work done by authorized mechanics but not necessarily from the manufacturer if you want to claim warranty .
which also makes sense you ca n't claim warranty if you fucked the car yourself with a botched diy job .
braham is an angsty brat who eventually turns into a regretful dunce .
one of his better qualities is being very protective of his friends to the point of being overprotective of taimi .
it 's no wonder why people do n't generally like him he 's basically an average teenager .
all the stocks op mentioned in his breakout post as well as some others .
not sure how many of y'all are students but school starts for me tomorrow and it 's in person for the first time since covid started .
i have alerts set on all of the stocks on the watchlist so hoping that helps me still catch these early
they do include obesity but that is just a reason to get to a healthy weight .
yo get tf out with your children and turn his ass in to the police cause i can guarantee he 's got co stashed around somewhere based on his convos
they just added the new stich profi chest rigs they 're in atacs-fg yet they look like dark olive drab
the gorka sso camo itself has the right color but why combo a forest camo with tan ?
rash guard is so green and white it almost looks like klmk
and cpc 's color is really faded but that 's probably just from use
its a show where two people travel across the dessert with a small tank .
i 've been trying to search it but i could n't find it do n't know what else to search for .
la verdad soy sper inconstante con el ejercicio pero como soy medio nerd me motivo cuando voy aprendiendo acerca de lo que estoy haciendo as que estoy buscando a alguien que me ayude a llegar a la meta que tengo y que pueda ensearme cosas porque creo que de esa manera puedo apegarme a los cambios que estoy haciendo .
no estoy buscando hacer musculatura ni tener un six pack pal verano y despus dejarlo sino buscando algo integral y personalizado .
nunca lo he hecho por mi solo porque me ataca no tener idea que estoy haciendo .
i 'm planning on taking the florida bar in february 2022 .
i ca n't sit through a course during a specific time for a short period usually 2 months from what i 've gathered .
there is a lot of overtime and on-call type of shifts at my job .
i want to have access to the materials and lectures on demand from now until the bar .
our manager aims to hire 100 scholars by the end of the year !
you have a lot of time to submit your application and have a big chance to get a scholarship !
note the test will not be counted unless you follow these steps .
i use cli ansible ansible-pull and ansible-playbook for a number of internal projects .
i 've been looking to port my roles and playbooks to ansible 2.10 to take advantage of collections and deploying directly from git however i see that rh has stated officially that it 's not currently planning to support 2.10
they 're also stating that the eol of ansible 2.9 is slated for the end of the year with end of support happening in about 2 months .
so what 's the path forward after the end of the year ?
is there another option besides return to using epel ?
i have no use for tower at the moment and automation platform does n't look like a good fit either .
removed by reddit on account of violating the content policy help/contentpolicy .
so sorry to anyone who commented in the other thread before death .
apparently regular iama was an inappropriate place for this subject .
it took me a decade to finally leave but it 'd been coming for the previous two years or so a period in which my eyes have been opened to the many problematic views i held and actions i had been taking part in .
yes i used unacceptable language regarding both racial groups and lgbtq people .
i hope that i can be forgiven for my ignorance in the end .
while i can justify how i came to believe that which i once did there is no excuse for such behavior and i feel a lot of shame regarding my past self .
i 'm especially interested in the psychology involved if anyone has words for me or questions as to my mental state at any time during my tenure .
i do believe that one becomes the sum total of the company they keep .
in your experience is it expected that good will in the end triumph over evil in ya horror ?
i ask because adult horror is the one genre of storytelling where evil more often than not wins .
while there are a plurality of exceptions in my experience it is far more common to find stories in which the heroes lose in horror more than in any other genre .
but ya in general seems to be more empowering across the board .
it seems that ya horror in my experience is also more empowering .
if there is a strong heroine starring in a ya horror novel it seems almost a guarantee that she 'll defeat the demons/ghosts/serial killer in her story by the end .
y'alls input about purchasing an adult-mobile was so helpful !
subaru forester from 2013 120k anyone familiar with the excessive oil consumption issues that caused a class action suit against subaru ?
join us on our journey to the origins of crypto with the release of originsreturn ! 
huge prizes to be won for shilling in our telegram community !
connecting the new world of the bsc with the two cryptos that started it all ... btc eth
travellers investors in originsreturn will be automatically rewarded with b btc b eth  8 of all transactions are sent to holders every 4-8 hours and are alternated between btc and eth .
we have heard people say that there are issues with dual dividend tokens but please note we have addressed and solved those issues !
this is not a self-canibalizing token like many other dual-dividend tokens before it .
this is the start of a long journey connecting fellow travellers on the bsc with the origins of crypto .
not only do we connect the present with the past we see where the future of crypto is headed and have plans to integrate those future technologies and trends into originsreturn .
for more information on our plans and road map check out out whitepaper and website below and see how we plan to make originsreturns a household crypto name .
join us crypto travellers on our return journey to the origins of crypto .
join our telegram and speak to our always-active dev team .
seriously someone should tell them to sleep once in a while .
we host frequent ama 's chat crypto play music and plan for the future of crypto !
you do n't want to miss getting in on early on this massive project with limitless potential .
just to let you guys know that their short term aim is to hit 1million marketcap and keep going to more and more it 's at 22k at the moment and i think they will .
with many unique future plans as well as the incentive to hold for the btc and eth rewards as passive income this is definitely undervalued at the moment perfect buy opportunity before it moons 
she does n't know what the flag means but she 's displaying it in the living room to show support nonetheless
it would be great to take this chance to get a scholarship since our group is new .
here 's the link to our https discord.gg/4f3mkq3w just stay active and fill up the forms
and i made a post asking for people to help .
a post which automod got rid of because it had the word u p v o t e in it .
i 've notices that some eggs hatch faster than others does anyone know what egg hatches quicker than others or if theres a website that tells you info on all the eggs ?
i 'm an amateur musician and a big fan .
i 've been trying to learn transgender dysphoria blues to do a cover lately and i 'm having trouble with a chord in the chorus .
it 's the one that plays during alone '' in the chorus .
most tabs i 've checked online have it as a switch from a major to am but nothing i try sounds right to me .
the closest thing i 've got is an open a into fretting a bass on the third fret of the 5th string .
does anyone know what the official '' way to play it is
a true holder-centric token that gives you 20 bnb rewards 17 sell 3 buy
do n't miss out on the opportunity of a life time market cap is only 55k at the moment so nows the perfect chance to buy in before this coin moons easy 100x opportunity .
backed by a very active dev team supported by a dedicated community of holders this coin is sure to fly buy now and sit back and watch the value grow whist at the same time receiving hourly bnb rewards straight to your wallet
 3 buy tax the whole 3 buying tax is auto rewarded in bb to all holders
17 bnb auto-reward to all bnbmine holders directly to your wallet
join our telegram group to ask any questions you may have or just to chill with our fantastic community
not going to blather or moan about the station as it is today except it 's not for me most of the time .
parkie 's sunday supplement is sorely missed both for the music and the conversation and wogan is of course irreplaceable .
is there a station that leans towards intelligent conversation and easy listening/jazz/pop and rock from the 50s to the 80s or so ?
hey does anyone know how i can buy the world war 3 pc game ?
its not available on steam so if i buy it from somewhere else can i still play it ?
a place for members of r/jojofun to chat with each other
we are looking for a clash team any tier is fine with us .
so if you have 2 spots mid and support then we would like to join .
i like games like destiny warframe and division 2 and i quite liked them .
but this game has many negative reviews but is still worth playing and spending like 50 hours into it ?
if it 's worth playing then should i wait for the sale ?
i 'm currently making an artlang which appear to be a constructed auxlang within a fictional world .
it 's has a sort of toki-pona-like minimalistic phonology 10 consonants 5 vowels and phonotactics cvn .
however when it comes to lexicon i need a bit more diversity than in toki pona it 's not a minimalistic conlang per se .
i could make the phonology more complex or add some consonants but i want to explore the possibility of a six vowel system it may make more sense to maths 10\*6 11\*5 .
so tell me auxlangers how should a six vowels system look like for an auxlang in your opinion ?
ok so i remember this puppet sketch that featured the song if by bread or it could have been time in a bottle by jim croce back in either the late 70 's or early 80 's .
i thought it was the muppet show but my research could n't find it through the archives .
the sketch was about a king and at the end the puppet king died in a bed .
i think there was a queen and his daughter puppets also .
it has been driving me nuts as i remember it vividly but can not remember the show .
i need some others but these are my current focus .
so feel free to take a punt if you want what 's on offer
special trade i 'll trade a royal crown for the great statue .
talking specifically cheapies like things from al-rehab as well as ard al zaafaran al haramain etc .
i do have the store arabian oud '' on my list of things to check out but they sell their own brand .
also any comments on other favorite scent spots are always welcome .
do you want me to give a speech or share my perspective on a serious problem ?
ok although i am not a very talkative person i can do that .
believe me i 'm not a pretentious guy and i think we should talk about the weather but for some reason i have a hard time doing that .
i mean why do you want to hear my opinion on that ?
are you sure i 'm not boring you with what i 'm saying ?
i would like to change my mindset regarding how to approach small talks and stop over-analyzing things .
purpose not sure how to articulate this but throw is n't a huge necessity .
i 'd rather a hugely bright and wide spread ?
will be used for short periods of time in the dark when walking around .
may also be used for general torch moments lighting up the dark
this is my first hobby level light so no ecosystem to stick with
size would like it to be as small as possible ideally sit on a set of house/car keys
basically a gt nano maybe but less throw and more spread ?
so this is about a married couple who have been married for a x number of years .
questionee calmly asks partner following a general discussion topic with m8s god forbid and i will never do it but if i cheated on you would you take me back ? '' .
the question never meant anything just a general question you would ask a m8 regarding them .
answeree replied yes for the kids sake and because i love you but we would never be able to have a relationship again .
the next day the answeree asked have you cheated on me '' answer is no as it was just a general question .
why are you casting doubt in my mind by asking these types of questions after x numbers of years of marriage .
why do i need to prove my love to you .
2 is the reaction of answeree justified or not and why ?
hello my name is jeanfran i am from venezuela .
i want a scholarship i do not want profits you earn 100 of the profits i just want to learn to play it and understand it i give my service for free for 7 days .
it 's been 9 days since i took my drug test and have n't heard anything and neither has my employer .
is it because of the large influx of people getting jobs ?
hello anyone knows the name of the song of this video ?
i heard it on tamers too but i could n't find the somg online !
i have memory xpg spectrix d60g 8x4 and since the f25 bios update the games crash if i activate the xmp profile i do n't understand what happened and i do n't want to risk making a rollblack and damaging the bios i want to know if someone else has this problem ?
err0rs ableist guys he was going after somebody with no eyes .
at asm pest control we provide the most reliable and effective pest control in surrey https www.asmpestcontrol.com/pest-control-surrey bc .
we help destroy the pests that infest your house and make the lives of the people who live or work there difficult .
here we have solutions for all types of pests and insects to help you enjoy a pest-free environment .
there 's a lot of hullabaloo over afropessimism a theory that i disagree with on the whole but i want to read a good afrofuturist response to ap .
slowly peeling your skin off and putting salt where the skin is peeled off then grinding the body up
you have been temporarily banned from participating in r/titanfolk .
you can still view and subscribe to r/titanfolk but you wo n't be able to post or comment .
if you have a question regarding your ban you can contact the moderator team for r/titanfolk by replying to this message .
reminder from the reddit staff if you use another account to circumvent this subreddit ban that will be considered a violation of the content policy and can result in your account being suspended from the site as a whole .
big d on eviction days is the best big d. we get his iconic votes and him social distancing in the hoh reveal
yeah i figured but if the whole point of this post was to make fun of women playing basketball as if they do n't get enough shit on already then it 's pretty weak .
which one are you using and how much and how often ?
i mean at the time i was dating a lot ...
better yet ... just stay out of the passing lane unless you 're actually passing .
otherwise get out if you 're not using it .
and do n't speed just drive the speed of traffic .
i spent 3 months driving around in germany and these are pretty much the 3 cardinal rules of driving on the autobahn .
you just chill in the middle lane leave 1 car length in front and 1 car length behind and let everyone else do their thing .
i read a great quote words by ... jacques cousteau water and air the essential fluids on which all life depends have become global garbage cans
i hope she wheeks at you non stop when you meet her again at the top
yeah it 's late i got ta go to bed lol that still seems really high to decide whether a player should stick in your lineup i usually allow 50 at most
hilarious that you deny you did that but it 's fine .
eh su  un programma fatto da boomer per i boomer e lo dico da quarantenne .
nostalgia a palla interviste alle famiglie che piangono ... a me ha pure strappato qualche risata juri chechi e fioravanti in particolar modo sarebbe da togliere l'audio quando parla la conduttrice e quando ride la simeoni ma non si pu avere tutto .
one of rick moranis ' finest roles is in this joint
i enjoy some of its program like regional tv news documentaries arte comedy on one series on neo movies without commercial brakes there is a lot of things i do n't like but the amount of good stuff is more than high enough .
triple h only has wrestlers for a certain period of time in most cases and most of the time he saddles them with an unstoppable booking where the fans think that 's how it is going to be for the rest of their careers .
and any departure from that is seen as a burial to them see asuka shayna kross .
when there are no expectations to begin with like alexa for example you can enjoy the ride without talking about their nxt days .
hahaha yeah i was n't trying to sound like a dick or anythin ' but that would have been suuuuper shitty .
think you 're all set no worries then sad trombone
i hope he dies in the most horrific way possible
i think you added me and my app crashed .
i started a new job recently and that paid a little more .
i did indulge in some luxury items such as a bigger bed linen computer table extra monitor to help work which was great .
i put wendy above lucy in tartaros because of dragon force but urano metria would obviously beat her your comment make me change my opinion lol .
and juvia seriously needs development especially in power you 're right .
it takes some people under 30 hours to get to rank 1 .
it takes some people about 100 to only get rank 9 .
it 's a very loose matchmaking designed for a casual experience .
and that 's a problem for me because i want those dang flechettes .
if you look at timings the pro zergs always sends the banes in just as the terran units make contact at 2or more locations .
macro micro 2 or 3 armies at once and keep eye out for bane runbys ?
because grosjean 's incident was in the dry and hungary t1 happened in wet weather conditions ?
you used the item 'human shield ' and did 14 extra curse damage .
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
ah that makes sense since the hard map is filled with all kinds of flicks thanks !
20 min is not recognized as long by me anyway .
40 to 60 min is my range but i have a feeling you 'll tap out before that
huh til that usdc and usdt can freeze address .
whenever i sit down with my gals ill say this line talk to me babe everytime
lawyers get paid to say things and make assertions they know are n't true .
wework or some other co-working service has meeting rooms available .
we 're gon na die some day and never see mongul on screen because warner brothers is too scared to put anything on screen besides smallville jimmy olsen the daily planet lois lane pete ross lana lang perry white martha kent jonathan kent lex luthor jor-el and metropolis when it comes to superman .
he never flies out of space or in outer space .
i 'll try more tomorrow in my own time .
what happened happened and obviously that 's bad and we wo n't do it again but we just want to publicly state that we 're not sorry ! ''
i do n't watch much tv next to none is it a show ?
very insightful comment here one of my favorite responses i 've gotten to this .
it 's good to see that we agree that liquidity is driving markets and not fundamentals .
anyone who fails to see this does n't understand what 's going on imo .
short-term they may get lucky but long-term it 's a dangerous position to be in .
those who do understand what 's going on may be able to ride the wave however .
one thing that was really telling for me was the other day someone in r/stocks was complaining because he kept adding to his losers like a good value investors and they just kept going down and down .
another poster commented that he had devised a new strategy add to his winners .
of course in a normal market if fundamentals have not changed the better play is to add to your losers .
but this guy did what seems to make sense in the short-term follow the trend .
once again however the danger is if he does n't understand why and ends up getting bit .
that 's basically what 's going on in the market right now imo .
i have been about 50 on the sidelines for the last few months but these past couple of weeks i started seeing buy opportunities .
unfortunately i read the signals incorrectly and thought that the whole market was still in a bull trend and thus it made sense to get in at the first reasonable entry point .
actually that does not seem to be the case my purchases have been melting downward since purchase .
i 'm somewhat kicking myself for buying too soon and buying too much .
luckily i still have a 30 cash position or so .
if i understand it correctly correct me if i 'm wrong the main drivers of this market right now are a few mega caps like microsoft and apple .
it also seems to me like the only viable value '' plays at the moment are large cap favorites like coke johnson and johnson nestle etc .
these companies are trading at 25 p/e ratios and yields are low yet people keep pouring money into them .
i think the reason for this trend may be twofold .
firstly because investors want to keep riding the wave but they 're now feeling somewhat shaky about how sustainable this situation is .
therefore they ride the wave in a relatively safe '' manner which means these mega and large caps .
take a look at arkk performing horribly these last 6 months .
i 'm skeptical if these overvalued large and mega caps are truly a safe play but somehow they appear safe and that seems to be the key factor here which brings me to my next point it 's become more of a popularity contest than it already was .
investors think the trend is headed towards mega/large cap so they jump on the bandwagon as well and ride the trend .
meanwhile fundamentals are being tossed further and further down the drain.based off the charts i would say that the melt down in value small cap began in mid-may or so and appears to be continuing .
of course i could be totally wrong and the market may make another sudden shift .
if that were to happen it 's anyone guess what in the hell 's going on .
i 'd be curious to hear your thoughts on what i 've just shared .
i found what you shared about the post-printer world insightful as well .
i 'm new to this but have been learning value investing and honestly i 've been baffled .
perhaps i made a mistake by not riding the trend a bit and stubbornly insisting on fundamentals and value .
as for how to play it well at this point i 've made my bets and i think i 'm going to continue with strong value plays and maintain my cash position and wait for the correction .
i am quite confident though not certain that this situation will not be sustainable in the long-term .
i do n't feel confident enough as a new investor to pursue any other sort of long/short strategies .
my retirement is riding in index funds so i 'll catch upside there and when the huge downturn comes well i just hope that in 40 years we 're higher than we are today .
it sounds like your paired hedged strategy is very wise .
i did take a good look and will probably pass for the moment but that does seem like an interesting solution .
i agree that potential upside is much lower than potential downside right now .
the issue is we never know when the music is going to stop .
hope you find some value in my rambling and looking forward to hearing your thoughts .
you 're welcome for the post and thanks for your insight !
hannah needs rise like a phoenix flip on the cookout and run the house with claire and dx .
for me it was a reduction of social media and technology to levels far lower than what i used to do before 1 hour instead of the whole day .
i use facebook nowadays only for checking up on my friends keep contact with my family via calls or text and devote more time to cooking and attention to my hobbies as well as my health .
twitter and instagram i do n't even open them .
youtube is my go-to for recipes and other craft/machining/science and knowledge .
it comes down to the epigraph not being seen as part of the chapter by readers whether the format or common usage is to blame i do n't know .
i read cover to cover in those cases as i view it like a job .
it is possible one of them is a season pass ?
a radio station pack/dome skin pack/content creator building pack if season passes are different then it might be two of these
or as some have suggested perhaps a new mysteries pack ?
i have a list of favourites but metagross has to be at its very top .
buddha does a lot of dumb shit with x because both of them dont like to spent hours planning a bank just to be ruined by scuff the first time buddha shot cops was with x .
and you forgot benji x has big friends in most of the big gangs .
got back into the game and i play from home so im usually out of pokeballs friend code is 7340 6620 0703
please post all events and questions about visiting moving to or living in this awesome city to the sticky barcelona weekly events and q a post on the front page of r/barcelona .
we 'll be very happy to answer your question there as long as you read the wiki first .
if this post was filtered incorrectly a mod will restore it .
oh and do n't forget to read the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/barcelona/wiki
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barcelona if you have any questions or concerns .
god allowed polygamy then for the same reason that he allows fornication now .
although our sin has consequences he does n't prevent us from committing it .
even though david was a man after god 's own heart '' he was still a sinner .
just like his son solomon who was the wisest man who ever lived but still went astray .
even the very best humans are still broken fallen and in terrible need of a saviour .
mortgages are much cheaper than the 80s in the uk but deposits are much harder to accrue as house prices are proportionally much higher .
mean wage was 19k in 1980 adjusted for inflation it was 6k in then money and is now about 31k ...
gap between poor and rich is also greatly reduced if you review the gini index .
i 'm not saying it 's easy but standard of living has gone up a lot .
what with the sudden influx need for regulation go home goverment shill .
it was a sarcastic remark at how i 've seen a lot of comments in youtube sections of the artists/bands here consisting of people stating their age and saying they liked the music if that answers your question .
dude ... even my 5 year old son knows that the vault on the right is more impressive you are just trolling .
thank for your submission on r/thethiccness for all degrees of thiccness .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thethiccness if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallstreetbets if you have any questions or concerns .
automod the following is a copy of the above post .
this comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
i 've been single for a few months and have been going on dates every couple weeks .
a few days ago i met a girl named ari she was introduced to me through a mutual friend and she seemed really into me .
she 's cute and charming but i did n't like the fact that she has brown eyes .
we made plans to go out to the zoo and seemed really excited but a couple hours before the date one of the other girls i have been seeing texted me .
she asked to come over and chill '' if you know what i mean .
i felt bad but i texted ari that i did n't feel a real connection and that i 'm not into girls with brown eyes '' .. she seemed really upset and now our mutual friend is n't responding to my messages as quickly and said that i should have been nicer '' .
i simply told ari the truth and even kept it a secret that i was meeting up with another girl to ensure her feelings were not hurt .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
are you sure it 's not a bun and his boy ?
what do you get when you chloroform a petting zoo ?
books afford you more length to flesh out your story and have the advantage that the reader imagines the story in their mind .
a book that benefits greatly from this is 1984 which on top of using its length to flesh out the world the fact that you imagine this world in your mind makes it seem much more realistic despite the fact that 1984 is pretty much a sci-fi novel .
otis dry lube or silicone spray is what i use .
did he get an actual topps now card for that ?
i can see ghost but bloodborne will probably be impossible unless they totally redo the project .
the excuse so far has been that the code is a jumbled mess that makes porting impossible or they lost some code ?
i just know they say that porting it would be next to impossible .
honestly temporary bridges or funnies would be pretty cool .
amphibious apc is cool but you end up with zero logistic support .
ok the downvotes are proof yall need to chill the fuck out and stop preaching to the converted lol
i 'm just sick of people using the excuse that tons of people got it so the death rate is actually less '' to act like it 's not serious .
they literally just brush off the fact that over half a million americans are dead like none of their lives mattered .
god forbid the boys want to take some fucking time off fuck off dude
what they gon na do when electric cars become mandatory and they all go around sounding like milkfoats .
a reminder if you are seeking resources in your local area please provide that in the post so that users can share appropriate links and phone numbers .
if you are in distress please call 9-1-1 or your local emergency number .
if you are having suicidal thoughts please click here for a list of crisis support services .
http www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html if you are seeking therapy online please click here for a list of counselling services .
https thelifelinecanada.ca/pattern-interrupt/ecounselling if you feel well enough to do so please do your part to enrich this community .
now that you have posted please leave a constructive helpful comment on someone else 's post .
filter by new to find posts with zero comments .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mentalhealth if you have any questions or concerns .
i do t totally disagree but i think a lot of people could just charge at their homes .
obviously if you live in a city or apartment more infrastructure is required but anyone living in the suburbs or rural areas with their own parking space can just let their car charge slowly overnight .
most people do n't do 300 miles of driving daily .
the complete lack of brain cells on your part is giving me a splitting migraine .
she literally saw it being a bad idea the last time has been close with both parties for years one for her whole life and was a first hand witness to the aftermath .
she may not have a say '' in the relationship but how is she wrong about an opinion that has precedence behind it ?
sikhi does n't believe that god or religious teachings are exclusive so other religions can absolutely be valid .
when we see similar practises in other faiths it does not mean that sikhi is false it 's a sign that it 's working as intended .
the sikh belief however is that other religions may have become corrupted over time which has led to their original message being lost and empty practises or rituals being introduced along the way .
this is also where the contradictions in other faiths can come from .
sikhi is the uncorrupted message and the easiest/best path forward but gurbani the writings of the sikh gurus also encourages followers of other faiths to rethink some of their practises and ways of worship so that they can return to the actual teachings of their founders messengers etc or find their truth .
the guru granth sahib contains the writings of many non sikhs from over the course of human history who we believe were able to do just this .
question tho why pass on the is250 and jetta ?
sigh can you spoil me about emperor reverses time which made you drop it ?
it was n't developed in a short time frame .
scientists have been studying coronavirus for 15 years now .
there just was n't a need for a vaccine for it until now .
ya that is a different story when it also causes issues with locally stored videos .
it may just help to do a restart if it does it again or make sure there are no updates unused packages that need to be uninstalled etc .
you posted this post like 4 times.. but most people bind forward movement to mouse wheel up and jump to mouse wheel down for tap strafe/bhops/wall bounce .
seeing that it is a kind of tournament using only the structure decks of the 7 main sevens characters without modifying their content or without adding any external cards .
what would be the best structure for the tournament ?
only all the cards that will come in the yuga 's structure have been confirmed .
luckily for many there is no reprint of sevens road magician and dark liberation in luke 's structure it seems that the package will not have dragias either
i 've been doing text hypnosis for a while now and i fully acknowledge that it tows the line between role play and real trance .
i like role-playing enough that i do n't mind if my subject or subject '' is faking it until he makes it .
that said i do look forward to those times when i can video chat with someone and give them real time triggers .
but not everyone can let go enough to do that .
peggy 's legends would have been more epic they had respected even more the canon that corresponds to agent carter and agents of s.h.i.e.l.d .
i wanted to use a german name as well but got outvoted .
but i 'll never take a pill or anything like that .
testosterone changes are subtle enough that you may just have to deal with the voice change aspect which you could tie to your vocal cord damage to explain away .
the rest should n't be too noticeable to your coworkers but you can always say you had naturally low testosterone and are fixing it now because nhs wouldnt cover it or something .
as for the sex drive bottom growth might help you out on that front .
i know that having that altered state helped me overcome some revulsions and deal with the increased sex drive .
there are resources for help with that front online as well if you 're looking for tools .
in m frost is harder to min max than unholy and is one of the hardest specs to master im unholy and fire mage main and have my high geared frost dk alt
you need to align many cds with the end of your pillar cd you need to time your bos and you have to play perfect when you use bos perfect timing si mechanics wont break bos avoid any mechanics that can cc you align your cooldowns with bos and always remember to use boosted chains talent and wyrm at the end of pillar etc
smashing buttons is easy but while you can play certain specs without weak auras frost is definitey unplayable without weak auras .
unholy dk is not that hard or im just very used to him few years of maining
editing a post after submitting it is not allowed in this community .
you will not get it restored under any circumstance .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cryptomoonshots if you have any questions or concerns .
zero hour hmm ok geforcenow no harsh comments from me this week 
especially considering with the vaxx you 're more likely to be asymptomatic .
if you do n't think you 're sick you 're gon na spread shit way more .
from some of his latest tweets it 's not looking good atm for an estimated 7-8k per auto with prototype amber .
i 've been looking through the twitter replies and apparently kokomi deals 1-2k per auto off-burst according to baizhumains ' reply .
and it 's in the pacific posturing your for trios elsewhere .
so hospitals schools shopping etc was tainted by bubble living .
it 's almost like the accumulation of wealth inherent to capitalism leads to people having enough money to fuck over others .
your life lasts including the moment of death infinity change my mind
i thought this was hyperbole but then i looked it up .
30k for a 6 year old mustang is on the low side .
dm me when you can put a plate on it f
imo she 's sexier now than when she was younger and i hope she leans into it .
i try my best to be a good person and help others through hard times .
have a great day and rest of summer man .
pm me you address and i will send you a card
that 's just inefficient you cant get a 4k without farming you 'll run out of enemies before you get to 2.5k
this post explicitly asked how to get 4ks and that 's my method which works wonders
fuck this place you should n't be downvoted just for bringing up alternatives you think are better than the current form .
i would be so scared to brake you in half baby
still went back to school but for interactive media i.e .
if you 're a disc golfer in phoenix then i would say he or anyone who is on facebook could say they have had a bad experience with spinners .
i wont go into details but we all know that some crazy posts were put out a few months ago and that has led to some people staying away from that store and possibly also led to another store opening in the valley .
only requirement i could see being possible is a feat from the figurines .
we 've got reqs about certain skins so would n't put it past the devs on this one .
en emploi ie pas seulement en stage  moins d'tre dans une position d'autorit cest pas ton rle de dealer avec les mauvais employs .
meme si tes collgues sont nuls tu recoits quand meme ton salaire en bout de ligne .
et si tu es en position d'autorit ca rend tes interventions lgitimes .
au pire si tu trouves que tu es dans une quipe vraiment poche et/ou quyen a qui profite de toi ya absolument rien qui t'empeche daller voir ailleur .
on a quand meme pas mal lembarras du choix ...
if they did n't like the event then they did n't like it .
we were going to send in the swat team but they only had mustaches ''
i thought i was too young 15 when it happened to me .
but reading the comments of people sharing their kindergarten stories makes me feel like damn ! !
i missed 10 years of good stuff in school ! ! ! ''
it 's twomad ... you ca n't take anything the man says seriously 
it was me and the timer doesnt actively update lol
do they realise that 's an admission that if god exists he 's evil ?
ya pretty sure he 's sarcastic op does n't understand the tradition or meaning behind the sport young or dumb idk .
everyone wants to take a singular point of issue out of everything like shit has n't gone on for years and it 's been discussed
i squeeze the aloe juice into it so if it does n't have juice then probably not .
do n't really know too much about different types of aloe tbh
hes already done it multiple times while they are together .
he can do it easily when they are broken up .
well there are some districts that completely forbid those things .
no wishlists on amazon no donorschoose not allowed to even accept donations from parents or gifts or anything over certain low dollar amounts no requests for any donations ... .some people literally can only have those things if they buy them themselves or get a grant somehow .
they should 've been actually banned even if it were temporary .
40k in glastonbury is a half step above poverty level .
the good news is that ct is like one giant town with different neighborhoods .
you walk across the street and you 're in another town .
there are 20 other towns within a 15 minute drive that are far more affordable .
as someone whose gender identity is up in the air please do n't accuse others of transphobia b/c they do n't like a certain pair of genitals .
if straight dudes and cisbians just want some pussy do n't fucking badger them about it .
same goes for if straight girls/gay dudes just want some dick .
sex is a very personal thing and if your sexual partner is uncomfortable with your genitalia it 's never gon na work .
instead i 'd focus my energy on finding a pairing that would work where your partner 's comfortable with what 's in your pants .
all this badgering does is makes us look like the sexual predators the right portrays us as .
also transphobia is n't i do n't want to fuck you. transphobia is more like i genuinely hope you commit suicide or i carry a knife to stab any trans people that enter my bathroom and threaten my femininity/masculinity. actual transphobia is inspired by the most deep-rooted vile hatred of others not from simply getting rejected .
i 'm more lenient on the map layout city ruins and arctic base i could go without a support or go 2 raids provided one of the generals is a ranged '' kind for maps like impact site i could take on 2 supports provided the generals are proper front liners and not also ranged '' kinds so we can use those supports to push the front line rather than fend off the horde and end up being pushed back .
just do n't forget you never know which way a round can go while not recommended i 've had rounds in dessert against whole support teams and dear god what an uphill battle that was or one of my recent ones where we went 3 raids was in a bad mood and thought let 's go for an all raid round did n't happen and did rather well since 2 were stealth and the third was a gogg running alongside the generals meaning no loss in man power .
and finally do n't just accept teams being all the right colors '' in a 650 room if all your generals are ex-s and you got a zaku 3 custom as the raid and a f.a shiki on deserted city you 're gon na get pushed back since the zaku 3 custom is the only guy who can front line and the fa shiki 's role is diminished because of the ex-s gundams who need more protection than the f.a shiki though 3 galbaldy beta 's on arctic base 450-500 is never a bad thing especially when they focus fire some poor support lol .
in time you might end up being more strict or more lenient in team comps since you might feel pressured to be the raid but you ca n't play raid i bring raid tactics to generals so i 'm more willing to run without on smaller maps
oh no ohio 's plan to take over the world is one step closer
i just want to hook up with a guy .
and i do n't like alcoholic drinks so i do n't think i 'll have a problem with that .
an episode of abe lincoln 's tophat discusses it with a sex therapist .
it 's a political podcast and it aired in 2019 so you can definitely skip the non interview parts .
to view them use the saucenao https saucenao.com website .
who in their right mind would want to be a teacher today ?
and i say this as a person who dedicated 40 years of my life to teaching high school .
trust me when i say i understand the passion of teachers but in the long run it 's just not worth it anymore .
built in calendar app preferably one that syncs online .
day 1 when you get you syllabi outline every hw test exam and project .
when you are fucking a goat what noise does it make ?
he does fine on song for the dead but millionaire needs a harsh vocal
for example the fd2 has mcpherson up front and double wishbone in the rear which makes for some interesting spring rate setups .
i guess i just do n't get why it 's worth shitposting about .
baby i fill you up for ever given the chance my queen
heading to the free little library down the street to put another stack of cards in it .
someone keeps taking them so i 'll keep donating .
that 's a really important part of healing and i 'm glad you have the opportunity to see it .
it saves a-lot of disappointment and helps you be more in control and in a position to provide some of what you wish she could to yourself .
it 's upsetting for me to know that others like yourself have to deal with this also but i do wish you continued success in your journey from a fellow person suffering the effects of being raised by a parent similar to yours .
it 's unbelievably hard sometimes and i have so much respect for those like you who are working towards a healthier sense of self .
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
please post short specific hardware queries to the build megathread or use the subreddit search for commonly discussed topic .
alternatively you could use the search on the app/website/voice search on chromecast i checked to find posts on this subreddit .
remember your questions are not unique various versions of it have already been asked and with the present state of the indian electronics market it 'll be a while till the answers on those threads are outdated .
if you feel your post was removed by mistake or is an exception feel free to message the moderators using this link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2findiangaming .
the red gem of reconstitution you will gain the will power to pursue your goals by any means necessary
as someone who often struggles with motivation discipline and burnout this one sounds pretty good .
this is n't the review but is a related recent paper
robotic hand augmentation drives changes in neural body representation https robotics.sciencemag.org/content/3/20/eaat1228
i did n't even know he became just a brain .
i got ta catch up on my turtles lore .
i 'm actually in contact with leslie bowen from that school .
i have family in southern appalachia and also went to college nearby so felt drawn to casey son .
how is the learning structure since they put all levels of students together ?
did you end up apprenticing and if so did you make contacts through the school ?
what form of magnesium did you take and what kinda dosage ?
i think for bottoms it 's just too much of an investment unless you 'd wear the item very often .
so the cates tee would be a good start .
ca n't wait to receive mine and my first ayt copper tank in this colour on monday .
ordered are super slow these days despite i bought them the day of the release .
the same strategy is used on both sides just using different arguments that appeal to their own bases .
so maybe not god guns etc. but rather it 's likely a poc promising to remedy economic plight inner-city problems social injustice police brutality and so on and so forth .
how do you have a specific line color for delivered a baby '' but only include one of abed 's two deliveries ?
i mean i do n't think they can really decide the price of xlm
try this https i.imgur.com/q9xjv4p.jpg made by u/lukeatlook as well as this chart https i.redd.it/7toakiswcc961.png made by u/fetchfrosh .
and you should also create an account on mal http myanimelist.net to keep track of all your anime .
search for a series stream with livechart.me https www.livechart.me/streams justwatch.com https www.justwatch.com or reelgood.com https reelgood.com/tv/genre/anime .
like what caused that spark in you to alight my least favourite pokemon is pelipper which is weird because i love wingull to death he 's adorable but pelipper has my rage he has done nothing to harm me or upset me i think he looks stupid and so when i was about 10 i decided i would never hate another pokemon more than him and i 've stuck by it
hi as the title suggests i just got my self a intuos medium for hand writing and i use it with an external monitor and experience stuttering from time to time .
here is the relevant information i use an m1 13 inch macbook pro docked with a 27 inch 4k monitor with the intuos medium plugged directly via usb to the dock so there are no latency issues .
latest drivers installed with offical m1 support for drivers so should n't be any driver issues either .
when i use it stand alone with the macbook pro it 's pretty close to a 1:1 ratio between surface area and screen there are no issues at all perfectly smooth .
but when i use it with my monitor it 's not a nice writing experience .
sometimes it lags behind and i get letters connected .
since it worked perfectly fine on a smaller screen macbook i was thinking it is potentially because i 'm hitting the hardware limits of the resolution of the tablet since i 'm projecting small text on such a large screen .
if relevant macos displays things in a pretty funky way .
if you have a 4k display the computer will render your display at 5k and then downscale to 4k for sharper crisper text it 's terrible for games because running anything at native resolution is impossible .
unsure if this potentially conflicts or causes the issue .
there are no latency issues when using the pen as a mouse so i can move the crusor smoothly around the screen .
the other case is if onenote is playing up and is n't good for writing .
i went to the first tournament i 've been to in a while thanks coronavirus and i was surprised to see a lot of people rocking the black gate opens ll .
i 've not thought much of it and have n't had much issues dealing with it i find that i can often ignore the troll without too much issue depending on the scenario and which army i 'm packing of course just fighting wherever it is n't .
i do n't recall seeing it much prior to the pandemic .
just put the deposit down for our south seas by artesian 735l deluxe spa !
originally was n't going to do a lounger but ultimately decided to for what we would like it for .
i really like the frog-ease system for chen 's .
does that work as well as they say it does ?
edit it 's the frog ease with the mineral in it i forget the actual term
so what 're your 3 lessons you 've truly come to learn since being woken up ?
1 when i have kids i wo n't force them to believe in anything they will be able to believe in anything they want i will guide them as they grow older but any kind of belief is theirs and that 's wht makes life beautiful is seeing your kids growing up with good morals and believeing in what makes them happy .
as with the past we 've all experienced we at some point or another forgive ourselves for the trauma we 've experienced and moved onto bigger and better things .
the organization never taught this and i feel this was a big eye opener .
i 've come to love myself evermore every day and self love can be hard but also it is not selfish in any shape way or form !
as an ending here 's the motto i live by love all trust a few do wrong to none .
soon i 'll be getting that tattooed on me as that simple quote changed my life and my perspective in others .
i have so much love for other humans than i ever did while pimi .
i 've voiced my thoughts to my own boyfriend .
but he cares more about his internet life and internet friends on discord than to pay me any mind .
he does n't kiss me or touch me or hug me .
even tho i cook him 3 meals a day .
i 'm deeply in love with him and i 've told him he hurts me .
the only thing i can think of to make him care and put me out of my misery is this .
will give all listed for aa 25ffr 25 fixer or handmade .
i usually get to level 7 before we die then restart mission get paid and when it restarts for first time it seems to activate the cooldown .
so again get to level 8 45 mins and then if you leave after you all die to restock the cooldown should be over .
otherwise i find repeatedly restarting after round 6 seems to be most efficient for gold farming as each round is currently 0.3 gold
i wish designers would stop diluting the delicious strategy of resource management games by tossing in wild resource .
i love resource management games more than any other kind and i ca n't think of one game that was improved by having wild resources added via expansion .
it almost exclusively for me takes away a key piece of gameplay .
feel free to ask for ages and dm/comment your offer .
hi i am new to this whole gaming laptop and pc stuffs .
i am planning to buy a gaming laptop could anyone pls give some recommendation ?
btw the budget is only for the laptop and not with the accessories .
a place for members of r/justlikethem to chat with each other
in the common terms why do people trust lone wolves online over cdc guidance ?
i think the issue is that people are constantly weighing what they think the other entity 's incentive structure is and if it aligns with their own .
a classic bad example by now is cdc mask guidelines which amounted to they do n't help so do n't buy them so hospital staff can buy them . the issue there is that the guidance does n't seem to be for the benefit of me but rather for the benefit of some social good at my expense which tells me where the cdc alignments are .
mansplaining how science works ' again and again matches behaviorally with what religious people and anyone trying to gaslight me would do whether that 's the intent or not .
people now for better or worse might assume the cdc will throw me and my family under the bus for the good of the many .
' even if i also want the good of the many it changes how i gauge cdc guidance .
and maybe in some situations the interests of the many really aren't aligned with any given person 's own interests .
that could be well be rational knowledge on both sides .
i think a lot of us allow for some measure of this with things like government secrecy about the legal justification for extrajudicial assassinations .
maybe they ca n't say x and y because it would cause too much trouble politically . ''
meanwhile maybe there 's some fb video of a nurse practitioner pushing ivermectin .
if she also has kids and seems to be planning to use it to help her family then i might judge her incentives as aligned with my own .
i think in a lot of cases those people are working from the limitations of their own knowledge and speaking in good faith .
and to make a long story short covid aside if you know nothing about a topic and must take advice from someone which of the following would you pick
someone who has a high chance of knowing wtf they are talking about and a low chance of having incentives aligned with your own .
someone who has a medium chance of knowing wtf they are talking about and a high chance of having incentives aligned with your own .
come on your kid 's life is on the line .
even the statistical combinatorics of the above two instances tell me i should go with number 2 right ?
so the issue is n't all those rubes do n't know a good scientist. the issue is that due to everything from culture war to perceptions of politicians saying what needs to be said for the good of the whole ' to companies working with a profit motive people do n't perceive most powerful institutions as having incentives that align with their own .
heck some of the greatest intellectuals of our time such as chomsky and zinn have gone to great length to prove that the incentives for many of those entities are mostly unaligned with the citizenry .
it is n't as if that is a far-fetched thesis by any means .
it seems to me that the rubes out there are actually making very rational decisions themselves based on their best estimates of incentive alignments .
want to get regigigas and it 's annoying me that i can not get him he is my favourite pokmon
my 12yr old female cat has been diagnosed with diabetes this week .
we 've been sent home with insulin and syringes and a lot of at times confusing or conflicting advice .
vet clinic with multiple vets i would love to throw some random questions out here ...
our cat is the sweetest friendliest girl but she will not tolerate being held down which our vet suggested we do
if she is being snuggled and fussed is it cruel to then sneak the syringe in quickly and then give her a well-deserved vet approved treat after ?
one vet said to bring her in another said we can take the kit home .
my instinct is to let them check her for the first while until her counts stabilise and then learn how to complete this at home .
she 's eating and drinking constantly is still hyperglycaemic so to be expected but once her counts are more stable and she 's eating less should we worry more about injections without a lot of food in her system ?
i 've got tons more questions but i suppose i 'm just looking for a bit of advice from other owners/vets as how best to keep this condition as stress-free for her as we can .
support main here and this season i want change things up a bit .
i normally play alistair braum or leona but i find myself really wanting to play senna and thresh so i might be back here asking for help on him lol .
my issue is that i really do n't understand how to play her .
now a lot of people have said to play senna like an adc but it 's that all there is ?
do i just play as an adc and throw out a heal or 2 when needed ?
i 'm used to playing along side my adc but with senna do i play behind them ?
i 've seen a bunch of guides on her but they just mainly cover her kit not actually how to play her as a support .
i understand her kit and how to use it as a support just when i play her to me i feel like i 'm playing her wrong .
also on her build should i focus on attack damage and ability haste ?
https support.na.square-enix.com/faqarticle.php ? id=5382 la=1 kid=70973 https support.na.square-enix.com/faqarticle.php ? id=5382 la=1 kid=70973 for more information
enter the code 679nhptq be sure you enter the code before purchasing any subscription otherwise the code will not work .
when you purchase a subscription after using the code you will get
friendship circlet increases exp earned by 20 when level 25 and below .
aetheryte ticket x 99 players in possession of an aetheryte ticket when using teleport will not incur a gil fee .
ballroom etiquette improper greetings using this will unlock a new emote .
10 silver chocobo feathers trade to the calamity salvager npc for special items .
the calamity salvager npc can be found in limsa lominsa gridania or ul'dah .
i sit in between your legs and lie with my back against your chest watching anime idly as you attempt to over explain the plot taking moments to glance at my expression to see if i 'm enjoying it .
i 'm relaxing as your arms wrap around me making me feel warm and safe hands wandering where they please rubbing my shoulders gliding down my hips tracing my thighs .
i smile up at you before turning in your lap and leaning up for a passionate kiss i get it wrong my balance slips and you laugh as i fall onto you chest .
i look up making eye contact and giggling for a moment before i push you back and straddle you kissing you over and over again now laughing rather then the intensity i intended you to gently fight me letting me not-so-secretly get my way kissing and lightly biting your hands when ever you raise the .
giggling as i pull your shirt off awkwardly and unzip your pants gasping when i see your fully erect .
i stop being silly and gently kiss down your body starting at your neck down your chest my lips and tongue tickling your hips before licking you shaft to head i want to taste it slowly circling your head with my tongue and asking you what you like listening actively as you respond so i can do what feels good adding my own spin on it for my enjoyment i intermittently look up basking in the look of pleasure on your face till you have no choice but to grab my head and force it down .
i want you to have fun with it and i want your precum dripping down my chin and chest as i edge you slowly feeling each slow pulse that let 's me know you 're getting close .
i smile up at you a total mess trying my luck at slowly slipping a condom onto you with my mouth maybe a lil to much teeth i 'm not good at this part .
i ask if its right and you shrug good enough .
i spit the mess of precum and drool on your dick instead of lubricant .
slowly i climb up and lower myself inch by inch onto you moaning as i feel you slide into me filling me up .
i ride you as you buck against my rythem i go between being face to face stealing messy kisses between breaths and arching my back to feel the depths you can reach inside me i breath heavily trying to reach my orgasm i 've never made it whilst on top so you flip me over and fuck me harder and faster then i could ever manage to do to you .
you to bite my neck and fuck me deeply .
over and over again harder and faster feeling you basically touch my cervix you question what brand of condom it is as you can barely feel it i just smile .
i prompt you to sit up and use one finger to circle my clit as i lay bare infront of you legs wrapped around your hips holding you inside my breasts bouncing freely with each thrust .
your other hand supporting my hip unable to help myself my hips rise to meet your thrusts i 'm almost screaming in delight the sensation taking over me i can feel every twitch and pulsate of your cock inside of me ever since we switched it feels better then it should i can feel the rib of the condom againt my entrance but thats the only thing that feels like a barrier i 'm pretty sure now that it 's broken i 've never put one on with my teeth before i hoped this would happen but i kept it to myself .
everything feels more primal now my hands grabbing your hips scratching your back pulling you as close as i can my legs crossed around your back as i need your cock pumping deeper and deeper before you realise what 's happened now its just a race against you noticing .
it feels too good to stop i can feel every vein and ridge of you delving deeper each time you thrust in .
im stealing your cum without you knowing and that idea consumes my mind and body pushing me over the edge i start to feel the ripples of orgasm my body tenses as i ride the sensation i can feel you pumping cum into my tight clasping cunt as i cum to a screaming orgasm in sync with yours i cant even remotely be quiet as i gasp and moan and dig my nails into your skin .
you pull out suddenly after coming staring down at me in surprise my legs shake as i recover slowly from the after shocks you look down surprised at the condom taking the broken bit off i giggle i asked you if it was right '' i mock you and your confused but satisfied face .
the sensation of you pumping a thick load of cum against my cervix was a feeling i 'm not ready to let go of i knew orgasms had been more intense for me since i stopped smoking weed but this was the next level i had n't had anything thing in me in months other then toys and the feeling of cum dripping out of my pussy was impossible to describe i pull you back in for a kiss pushing you back inside me as i raise my hips to yours slowly milking anything i can get out of you this slow intense pace lets my body orgasm again and again till im completely exhausted and unable to do anything but giggle babble and smile at you you slide down next to me cuddling my body as i quiver and shake from pleasure equally exhausted i back up into you and easily slide you back inside me
wake me up for round two i dont want to let anything escape ''
i 'm a 3d artist and often i spend several days on one job i have one file i open up do modelling and then save the file and quit .
so in a different job where i have ten items to model in a day and each one has to be checked out of a database given special serial numbers each object has to be named and treated a special way then the file is saved and is pushed onwards in a similar process twice more then to finish the job i have to enter some information in a database make some notes then write it up in a spreadsheet .
although all of those tasks are simple on their own the complexity of the job comes from the fact that there are a large series of discrete elements that have to be gotten right which is n't normally the case .
i am trying to look for words or phrases that explain the second scenario and how the very process itself is taxin on a level that simply doing the job of of a 3d modeller is n't .
this is half a rant/half looking for other people 's experiences .
at this point i 've tried a whole barrage of variations of adderall and concerta .
adderall 5 ir 2x 15 xr 15 ir 5 concerta 27 concerta 36 .
adderall 15 ir 5 really helped my focus but not my motivation .
since i 'm not in school or working right now my standard for efficacy has been driving since off meds i get really distracted/not paying attention .
with adderall i 'm really focused on paying attention to the road and everything else music conversations etc .
side effects include fatigue throughout the day not great sleeping patterns irritability and headaches the crash when it wears off dry mouth suppressed appetite .
concerta 27 a much smoother ride '' throughout the day but did n't seem to help much .
i did n't have the side effects like with adderall but i did notice trouble falling asleep my psych associated that with me taking it too late in the morning .
i did get a bad headache once but that could have also been stress/menstrual cycle related .
you know how some people try meds and say who knew there were so many hours in the day ? ''
i had so much energy to do everything but at the cost of my focus/attention .
i 'm thinking it 's too high of a dose i 'm meeting with my psych tomorrow .
i 'm friendlier to people around me but i ca n't focus on one thing conversations tasks driving for the life of me .
side effects really bad headaches behind the eye socket extremely suppressed appetite crashing at 8/9 pm but then having bad insomnia and not sleeping until 3/4 am
conclusion adderall gives me focus but no motivation concerta gives me motivation but no focus and both had side effects i do n't love .
during my last appointment my doctor suggested trying vyvanse but i 'm hesitant to do that bc my health insurance is about to change and i doubt it would be approved on my new one .
to be fair i am moving across the country in a couple of weeks so i have a fair amount of underlying stress that is probably affecting my sleep and my brain 's ability to focus on one task for a goddamn second so many things to do not enough time etc .
but i 'm just tired of trying stuff and nothing being the one '' you know ?
the goal of family counseling is to address underlying problems that cause family issues .
there are several forms of family therapy https www.elevatementalhealth.com/services .
different family problems may require specific types of counseling .
are there any photo printing machines that you plug your usb into and instantly print your photos in ottawa south or anywhere between ottawa and brockville ?
so why did n't the u.s. military learn in 20 years what i learned in a few minutes of reading ?
i 've just received an offer to let a room in a flat in edinburgh via spareroom .
i 've virtually toured the flat and met the other roommate an older professional .
a couple of things do n't quite add up and would be very appreciative for anyone 's experience/expertise before signing and sending money .
landlords are registered i 've checked their numbers however when looking up the property on the same site nothing comes up as registered .
it is only one flat in what i 'm assuming is a building of flats thought i would have expected something to come up regardless .
the contract offered is a sat short assured tenancy which from what i 've gathered so far is not legal/enforcable due to it being phased out in dec 2017 in favor of the private residential tenancy .
i absolutely understand i could be wrong/misinformed about this .
if i am wrong about the sat then an at5 form would be required to be filled out .
are not on the contract though the contract does seem legitimate .
unfortunately i 've got to do this from overseas for various recondite reasons and perhaps i 'm being overly cautious as a result .
the contract does stipulate that the deposit be held in a td and at no point have i been asked for money prior to signing the contract .
all the above notwithstanding i could certainly use some advice or best case some derisory remarks about how i 'm being paranoid .
i 've read my fair share of these posts on the sub before and have done as much due diligence as possible before potentially wasting the collective time of the sub .
what are the chances of getting a enchanted fishing pole while fishing unenchanted that has a 3 lure and 3 luck of the sea on it .
also it happened on first time fishing in this world ever .
i want to sit on the bus wearing a skirt and have someone sit next to me brushing their hand against my leg slowly sliding their hand up my thigh slipping their fingers under my skirt and rubbing my wet cunt as i try not to squirm or whimper having to stay still and not draw attention
or riding the underground late at night while it 's empty or during rush hour when everyone is packed in together it 'd be so easy for someone to press up against me grinding on me slowly as you slide your hand between my legs rubbing and stroking me forcing your fingers into my tight pussy making my legs shake as i struggle to stay standing trying not to gasp as you violate me in public
and of course my classic fantasy still not fulfilled find me in a certain park late at night drag me into the bushes and rape me
edit updating to the 2021-08-24 beta v32-dev fixed the issue for me .
i am guessing this must be a pretty well known issue but i could not find a workaround anywhere .
i am scraping all the art for the games in my collection from screenscraper and while it is awesome they do n't seem to have the art for all the games yet. edit they are found when scraping manually so for the remaining ones i tried scraping from thegamesdb .
the automated scraping does not work i get error code 403 invalid api .
but manually selecting a game on the list opening the advanced menu and manually scraping works .
this is what i have been doing but it is really time consuming and will take several hours for some days .
any way to get the automated scraping to work on thegamesdb ?
i know she will have to take the train to whatever terminal she needs to get to but it 's been years since i 've connected at denver 's airport and i would really appreciate a detailed response on what it will be like for her to land where she will be when she gets off the plane and how she will get to her next terminal successfully .
i am developing new productivity app and want to receive pains '' of notion users .
some people says mobile apps are slow and has bad ux .
notion 's issues about personal productivity tasks reminders habit trackers etc .
is it comfortable to use notion as a task management app in mobile ?
can you give me some feedback so i can research deeply and use this information to develop app that will cover this weaknesses .
h ak-47 redline 0.24 st ft w nip kato '14 nip dreamhack '24 holo w any csgo item over 70 steam market
when the drowning overtook the pharaoh he exclaimed i have come to believe that there is no deity save him in whom the children of israel believe and i am of the muslims those who have surrendered . ynus 10:90
as some hadths inform us everyone sees the truth clearly right before their death .
bukhr riqq 41 drim riqq 43 ibn mjah zuhd 31 nas janiz 9 .
hence it can be said that there is no person who goes to the other world without believing .
however as discussed in the interpretation of 4:18 above believing during the state of despair right before the moment of death is of no use .
pharaoh declared faith at just that time when believing would not benefit him .
before this however he was always in rebellion even while riding his horse in pursuit of prophet moses and his community .
when he declared i have come to believe he was about to drown and had no time to do even one single thing according to his belief .
in fact the expression of now ? in the following verse emphasizes the point in a quite concise way .
now  you surrender now when before this you always rebelled ?
if he had declared faith while riding after moses and his community it would not have been too late and he would have been able to find an opportunity to do some good .
but he declared faith when it was too late for his declaration to be accepted .
in conclusion god almighty did not prevent one who attempted to believe .
on the contrary the one who attempted to believe did so when it was too late for his attempt to be accepted .
did pharaoh really utter that he believed while he was drowning or did he intend to believe and believe without uttering it ?
according to ahlu's-sunnah the people of the sunnah that is the vast majority of muslims who follow the way of the prophet and his companions if one makes a sound intention to say something when one can do it it is not important whether one utters it or not .
the utterance is only the physical form of the content formed in one 's mind .
whether the pharaoh made the utterance of belief or sincerely intended to believe as stated in the verse
but their faith when they actually saw the coming of our mighty punishment could not avail them .
here we should also inquire whether the pharaoh uttered those words only to escape drowning and rotting away in the sea .
the egyptians during the time of the pharaohs believed that the spirits of the dead continued to live after death and had their dead bodies mummified so that they might serve their spirits .
answering the pharaoh 's prayer god saved only his body so that it might become a lesson for humankind .
i have come to believe in the all-exalted god in whom moses and aaron believe
that is rather than aiming at the prophetic horizon in belief he turned to the misty horizon of the perception of the children of israel whose minds were confused and hazy .
as a consequence the pharaoh made a tortuous attempt to repent and believe due to the misconceptions he had .
by doing so he did not declare belief in the messengership of moses and aaron either .
when we consider that belief in god and his unity requires also believing in the messengership of the messenger sent by god with his message the pharaoh 's belief implied some sort of unbelief .
according to historical record although the pharaoh had some conceptions of deity albeit not the right sort he was a truly materialist-oriented person .
it was not easy for such a materialistic person to promptly believe in every branch of faith especially the existence and unity of god and his messengers .
i am an experienced dom muslim man with an 8 inch cock .
i have a thing for white women but i like all women just a preference .
i am very into rough sex breeding raceplay agegaps domination humiliation degradation ownership body worship and water sports .
i have a storyline in mind where you are invited by a powerful middle eastern prince to an arab country to model for a show .
after your arrival at his palace the dark reality is revealed he wants to claim you for himself and is ready to keep you against your will .
slowly you will learn to embrace your role at his side and your new life .
please include your kinks and limits in your message along with your age .
i recently ordered food from a kelseys which they delivered and when i was half way through eating my salad i found dead fly in it .
when i call the restaurant what should i expect them to do ?
seriously if you have updated to realme ui 2.0 and you listen to a lot of music through headphones earbuds or bluetooth speakers then do yourself a huge favour and turn off realsound technology .
it 's now located in settings sounds and vibration scroll to the bottom it 's turned on by default and set to smart .
i noticed my music sounded flat and just weak and took me a while to realise that realsound could be the culprit .
its my first time playing calamity mod and it is way too hard to kill cryogen and i dont know what accesory i should be using
what are their websites if they list the medications on there ?
edit how do i find a reputable/legit pharmacy there or they all the same ?
i need to replace the ugliest front stairs https imgur.com/qdcqkum you 've ever seen .
i would like to emulate this project http thinkingoutsidetheboxwood.com ? p=3443 but in concrete .
basically 9 ' long x 12 '' deep x 4 '' 6 '' thick .
i found a concrete company that gave me a bid of around 600 per tread .
could this be a diy or should i pay them to do it ?
i have the opportunity at my current job but it comes with a small pay cut how ever i have recently been offered a much higher paying welding position at another kinda stuck between a rock and a hard place .
context i 've done stanford 's symbolic logic courses i believe there 're two one on coursera the other from stanford online and completed all the exercises and practice papers .
i 'm a sophomore interested in theoretical cs research and think that phil 4424 modal logic is a good preparation for me to self-learn temporal logic and formal specification language like tla .
the point of asking is to see whether the course takes on from an algebraic perspective .
2. what were the courses that you took before modal logic that you found useful ?
twitch.tv/daleison we 're about 6 hours in and gon na attempt to finish the first one today .
one of my fave series of all time but i remember nothing so no pro shit haha .
my portal gun is just straight up fuckin gone dude i 've tried restarting the game i was at the last chapter and then died and went back to my last save 3 hours ago so i tried to noclip back to where i was and now my portal gun is gone .
i 've spent a good amount of time looking at classes and i 've narrowed it down to these two .
i just want some last minute opinions before i finally make my choice .
this is in reboot and i already have 6k legion .
my realistic goal for this character would be 260 and able to clear vhilla and maybe the other tenebris bosses .
below i 'll list things i like and dislike about both classes .
i should mention that i do n't have a kish mule and spend more time off totem farming since i burn through my totems every month .
jump attacking feels smoother with fairy spiral than orbital flame
great bossing mobility with wind walk and good survivability with gale barrier
class seems easier on the hands than bw orbital flame spamming left right is constant clicking
very good off totem farming and can make a lot of maps work due to flash fire and blazing extinction
extremely good in parties with 60 damage with 100 uptime buff duration from conduit which will be much better when fd changes come and 10 elemental resistance which i 've been told is around 10 fd
2 iframes with cataclysm 100s and ethereal form 60s also free life in bosses from phoenix run
it seems very difficult to manage mana especially when soloing bosses .
at least in a party there are many hp mp familiars .
maybe this one is n't as bad as i think but it 's one of my main concerns about this class .
i 'm not sure how to describe this well but it 's as if everything is slightly delayed ?
mobbing when i can full map clear is fine but if i have to jump attack this class feels clunky .
this is without a doubt the biggest problem i have with bw .
honestly i love the idea and playstyle of both classes and wish i had the time and resources to main both but i do n't .
if orbital flame jump attacking did n't feel awful for me i 'd pick bw .
i have noticed since yesterday that the treasure pack 's that i collect have not been counting and the progress is stuck .
the daily challenges are also resting every time i log in and out even though i have completed them .
you ca n't develop a successful network on blockchain if users are not satisfied or finding difficulties while using it .
also you need to take into consideration that there are platforms in the market that probably provide the same services you do and users can simply use them .
basically you need to use tools and features that platforms like polygon offer to make sure that your network platform or dapp makes it in this competitive market .
polygon can make any blockchain faster scalable easier and cheaper while not having to sacrifice on security .
you might only get one shot in the defi market so do n't waste it by not doing the necessary and always focus on giving your users a unique experience .
sometimes something can be so funny that its hard to forget .
i also have an unusually good memory so that also might be at play here .
for the next 1911 i recommend a dan wesson in 9mm .
then how tf are you gon na play cracked minecraft
edit the comment earlier said that they could n't even afford a device they then edited it .
thanks les nessman from wkrp in cincinnati for you young uns .
have to love how they ignore the fact that these devs were right there with them throwing gamers and fans under a bus and seemingly all-in on their intent to make gaming culture as hostile as they possibly could to fans.. playing right along with the sjw/prog narratives..
but now suddenly it 's all those toxic gamers/fans fault '' once again .
damned if we do damned if we do n't .
but oc normies and shills wont see it that way ... they will continue to gobble down the excrement and whine when anyone speaks up .
i forget to mention i 'm on open beta 3
as someone who uses contactless very often is it really that much easier than other methods ?
and for the title i wanted to go for something like an unusual day but also like many other days dark ... '' .
i quite literally went in translation and without any verb i dunno if the structure was correct .
i guess this is an eco chamber for horny reddit ?
the bag i take to college would definitely raise eyebrows if you did n't have the fact i 'm an art student as context .
i often have a turpentine for painting with and a lighter cause it 's useful .
definitely looks like i 'm off to commit arson .
looks like a ton maybe ton and half of steel .
basing that on crane kit i have used in the past .
the cabling looks to be very thin for the weight of the grapple alone .
hits like this damage the cartilage as well as tendons .
that could easily be his neck bones broken also .
i had a bar probably a quarter of the weight of that give me a glancing blow in the 90 's .
i would not like to be the person who did the dailies on the crane .
looks like asian to me or am i wrong ?
markers finger paints and coloring books tablets etc that the markers and paint will only mark on the specific paper .
it 's great until you go somewhere without it and they do n't understand why they ca n't color on those walls too .
imo as a mom of three boys who have made it all to jr high the crayola stuff is the way to go
give nice guy a chance '' and do n't date abusive a-hole '' .
how are we supposed to do 2 opposite thing at the same time ?
when someone asks what you do for work telling them your employer is n't really answering the question .
although we rarely worked hard there is pretty much any job you can think of .
me i 'm 28 and have my own house ...
it 's a fact that you ca n't get alyssa in front of a mirror without it taking 3 hours
i do n't remember the name of the movie and thinking back on it it most likely was n't as disturbing as my childhood mind thought it to be but i remember watching a movie where someone was forced to swallow this metal ball with spinning blades on it .
that scene traumatized me for years lmao but i do n't remember anything else about the movie .
i do n't think a lot of democrats support half the crap going on .
seems only the squeaky wheels that jump on twitter and reddit are the ones supporting this type of crap .
i basically never cared about retail at any point because all i ever played of wow was a tiny bit of vanilla back in the day .
maybe i could have gotten onto the hype train with legion or whatever but it did n't happen .
my first foray into wow after i had grown up was wow classic because i had always been curious about the game in the back of my mind and i was a tiny bit familiar with it .
as an old thing in modern times it definitely was n't the same '' but i put most of that on the different people that play the game even if the game is managed or mismanaged by a different blizzard .
as some point some friends got bored of classic and hopped back over to retail .
they kept trying to pressure me into playing it .
i do n't remember why but one day i thought i 'd finally give it a shot .
piddled around for like 2-3 days with starting fresh in bfa and i decided it just was n't for me .
i could see why my friends like it but i did n't and i pretty much went back to classic only .
with the announcement of tbc i got excited because phase 6 of classic was the worst for me for many reasons least of all because i was n't enjoying my time with naxx despite the tons of time and effort my group put into it .
we killed kt all of once over months of grinding the damn place and probably never would have managed things without world buff cheat codes .
i mean we did practice the place enough that we beat a ton of bosses without world buffs because we had to after a wipe but we still never quite got a clean full clear .
after tbc hit i do n't know i feel like i felt a palpable shift in the community .
perhaps it was always going to happen with the dropping of 40 person raids and i just did n't have the experience to know better .
but it 's also possible the whole level boost and stuff which i always expected was going to happen and i 'm surprised they even stopped it at one character in theory changed things .
it definitely was kind of sad to mostly only ever see draenei and blood elves in the old world as the only races that couldn't boost .
most others did or were hardstuck into outland content which is fine but it was sad to abandon the old world like that as i had so many good memories and still would mess around with alts here and there under the faster leveling system .
over time i seemed to come to a sinking realization that tbc did seem quite a bit better on class gameplay to a notable degree enough to really fix '' certain classes or specs from vanilla .
but something felt wrong still i was n't enjoying the world nearly as much as i used to .
maybe it was a community driven thing where while some random strangers helped there also were way more people just zooming around to steal quest tags and mining resources and stuff .
the community felt way more hostile and competitive than i ever remember my experience with vanilla classic being .
considering that people could bring over their unlimited gdkp gold and all their preparation and stuff into tbc unlike vanilla maybe that was part of it the not fresh causing issues .
but either way i just kind of felt myself slipping from the social experience minus random pug groups for dungeons .
my more hardcore guildmates all were miles ahead not even sleeping while playing the game .
the more casual people for the most part either were too busy in real life to play much or were casual in a bad way and not people i wanted to hang out with .
so me in the middle i was left with very little from my old social ties and a bit struggled with new ones .
anyways this whole big long thing is to say i kind of ended up like madseason who claimed he was quitting .
he hyped up classic vanilla so much it 's part of what helped me get into that game for the months i was following him .
his comparative apathy towards tbc really hit me in particular .
a lot of people claim certain things with bots and boosts and all that and i get it though for me with vanilla i could not dwell on it more and not let it personally impact me so long as i was having fun .
but for some reason i was n't having as much fun and then all the bad blizzard pr just made it all feel more depressing and pointless rather than pushing through for some promise of it 's worth it '' .
i seems like 9.1 did n't save retail but i also do n't really care about that .
tbc is floundering in its current state for me personally .
i might be a bandwagoner and check out ffxiv since so many are going there .
if it is better then i do n't know that might be it for tbc and i 'm not sure i 'd even be back for wrath if my wow playtime truly goes to 0 .
how many kids died over the past 20 years in iraq and afghanistan ?
liberals go on about saving lives '' when it comes to covid yet had no problem voting for democrats who droned schools and hospitals across the middle east .
i guess they only care when it 's old white people dying .
do you have lf nameku and lf ssj3 goku at z7 or close to getting them to 7 stars so you can zenkai them ?
if no i would build on dkp since regen does n't really need to use any lfs .
so it 's pretty much all about who has most value this year .
i know hopkins will slowly start fading but i got ta imagine he has another top wr year in him
to be completely honest ea has designed the sts to get you to use resources or purchase the pass otherwise completing the event will be extremely time consuming .
if you 're set on not spending real money you can try the following
use in-game currency preferably simoleons if you have it ro spare .
for the first 2-3 rounds gauge this btw immediately bake the treat without using any sugar .
if the challenge has 10 rounds for rounds 3-7/4-7 try to bake the treat at 90 at least some rounds will work if you bake above the 85 but it varies .
if the challenge only has 7 rounds apply the above rules to rounds 3-5/4 5 .
always try to bake the last 2 rounds of each challenge at 100 .
this one is super important before attempting to use any sugar in a round scout the different tasks and try to only expel 4 sugar for 18 .
toggle between that and the 4 to bring the success bar up to above 90 100 based on what i said above .
lastly ensure 3 sims each arr taking part in each of the different side events posh pastry class etc .
engage them at the beginning and end of each day when you 'll have work/going to bed .
also ensure you deplete their energy and their back up energy when you start each side event to lesson the wait time .
i 'm not sure of your experience but i 've never had anything from there that 's bad .
i 've gotten cold fries and they 've replaced them .
i 've had orders wrong and gotten them fixed .
by and large it 's been great to me and i 've been eating it for over 25 years at hundreds of different locations .
my local squaddie bought a new fancy house and almost certainly according to reports rented out the old one and still collected rent during the pandemic .
your post was removed because we require a minimum account-age and karma that you do not meet .
in an effort to prevent spammers/bots from circumventing this filter the minimums are not disclosed .
messaging mods for the minimums will result in a 30-day ban .
if you are trying to post a picture of yourself please do n't original content oc is not allowed try r/gonewild .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boobies if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll share it here when it 's done .
tbh i did n't do the best job and its kinda hard to see in the light .
it 's very different coming across an individual that dresses in a revealing way and is quite busty vs watching a show that springs up an over sexualized busty character when they were n't expecting that in the first place .
it 's not just big boobs tight clothes that make it sexualized in real life though hardly anyone even wears clothes two sizes too small irl in the first place .
it 's also the camera angles sound effects lightning ... and excessive amounts of these .
cause most of the things we do in life are coping mechanisms and forms of therapy/terror management cause in the end all the issues you have will continue until you die
to be fair you have to have a very high iq to main kanna .
the class is extremely subtle and without a solid grasp of theoretical flicker tech spirit circle geometry most of the mechanics will go over a typical player 's head .
there 's also the grace of tengu weaving which is deftly woven into the class the philosophy draws heavily from the most talented kanna 's like suqo s1ng7 trashy smockroast and operoses .
the good players understand this stuff they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of this class to realise that it 's not just difficult it 's the hardest class in the game .
why else would kanna 's be the lowest parsing class in black mage this data is provided from none other than excel 's most elitist top botter crown on tenebris .
as a consequence people who dislike kanna like silly demon slayers truly are idiots of course they would n't appreciate for instance the skill it takes to press shikigami while tengu weaving which itself is an insanely difficult thing to pull off .
i 'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as kanna 's genius wit unfolds itself on their 2d screens .
and yes by the way i do have a shikigami tattoo .
it 's for the ladies ' eyes only and even then they have to demonstrate that they 're within 40k stat points of my own preferably lower beforehand .
you resemble nordic people but with a touch of eastern europe .
my second option was hungary haha but know everything has sense .
look at that green ccandle on the 1s chart bull run for sure
yep and after '75 my dad began to drift out .
he still believed or said he believed they had the truth but that he just could n't 'do it ' if he were still alive today i 'd say yeah dad i could n't follow a false prophet either .
yes but it must be 2 weeks before you cross the border .
in addition you will need a negative test taken within 72 hours of reaching the border .
proof of vax plus additional information must be loaded into the arrivecan app .
grew up an hour north of columbus and graduated from ohio state .
buckeye football has been a part of my life since the day i was born .
the optional liaisons typically are n't taught to beginners to avoid confusion new students would start using liaisons for everything including when they are n't allowed .
rand paul cares because the less people that get vax 'd the more money they make .
no right now we 're in the middle of a transition from paying for future production and still paying for former production .
however sometimes making hard decisions is the right decision .
paying a hof player 8m because he 's a hof for his past 10 years handicaps your whole team .
only if i take too much but i 'm a relatively heavy d9 user when i 'm not using d8 .
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
i would think he d need a working visa ?
they had 20 years of some form of democratic government and they have to decide for themselves if it 's worth it to fight and die to protect it or if they 're fine going back to totalitarian rule women being stoned in arenas for adultery etc .
alberta just like bc or ontario or quebec and every province can not issue covid vaccine cards
the question is whether foreign jurisdictions will a recognize the card and b accept your vaccinations .
ideally we 'd adopt a us eu or who format that has a better chance of being accepted .
teddy may be extremely average at best but he 's very accurate .
every time jeudy has a 1 on 1 he 's going to have separation .
he just needs someone to get him the ball and he 'll do the rest .
sutton wins 50/50 balls and lock is n't afraid to say fuck it chuck it whereas teddy is .
if he stays healthy and performs to the caliber we expect him to on a bad offense
as a cyclists i sometime wear a shirt with a 10mph sign printed on the back ...
the idea being a car with ai would never pass .
they always gon na be looked down on that 's just how it is .
jessie bates is 90 on the top 100 list which his the biggest pile of bs i 've ever seen
a reply to a comment saying they have n't noticed food shortages
do you do logistics planning or procurement or do you put things on shelves or in people 's baskets ?
well i guess that entire sub does n't have the credentials to comment about food shortages then .
thank you sure i will make the changes and try to make the donut more realistic
of zou er op een of andere manier een economisch gunstig belang zijn ?
misschien dat mensen minder gauw fruit en groenten zouden kopen als ze eerst ongezondere producten in hun wagen leggen .
this could be a reused number ncell recycles it 's numbers that have been inactive for a long time .
newbies guide https www.reddit.com/r/cardano/comments/lnj5ne/getting_started_guide_a_newbies_guide_to_cardano ensure you 've read this guide or your post may be removed .
create propose and vote on projects to be built on cardano !
 psa scams https www.reddit.com/r/cardano/comments/lccorg/psa_there_is_no_such_thing_as_cardano_giveaways read about fake wallets and giveaways to stay safe .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cardano if you have any questions or concerns .
is this like how you stress a plant until it hermies and produces seeds but in animal form ?
communism is a from of socialism thats like saying which is worst socialism capitalism or anarcho capitalism
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
im no pro by any means but ive been doing 3d printing as a hobby for a few years .
yeah like.. more more more more more more more more more more 
after my wyzesense door sensor lost battery power and forgot its mac address and became bricked i 'm totally done with wyze .
you can go sit next to a homeless person and wait for somebody to help them .
i 'm confused why trust before marriage is your hill to die on and you 're acting like it 's so important to you when you 're the one who lied and broke trust in the relationship .
it was n't a choice of hers to be insecure you lied to her and if you were going to have issues establishing trust with her after then you should n't have stayed with her .
you really led her on all these years pretending like you wanted to reestablish trust but really you 're demanding she just delude herself into trusting you when she does n't ?
i saw bob and mavis play a few years back .
dude could barely sing and had to take naps after like 3 songs .
i can just imagine trying to cross examine him now lol
they got ta be basically disposable tho cause i lose stuff all the time .
you 're stronger than you think have an army of apes to help encourage you to stay the course !
people go to prison as punishment not for punishment .
probably because i just made a quick mockup in paint .
technically probably but it worked out better for us .
my wife had no plans of returning there or anywhere until our kid was school aged .
you underestimate just how strong he can get them .
he can have a super cheap but strong late game army .
yeah if a candidate came back to me with a number that was 40 higher i 'd pass too it would signal to me that they would be unhappy at the salary i 'm able to give and i 'd rather not have to constantly worry they would leave .
especially if i was kind of on the fence to begin with them throwing out a much higher number than i was willing to pay would be a red flag .
this assumes of course that the number i offered is within market range .
there 's no harm in asking again but i think this ship has likely sailed .
well you sound like a very good and thorough nurse !
yeah it can basically derail development just to try to get a demo polished .
probably not worth it since as someone else pointed out it was actually lowering interest in games .
yta and she deserves help from a professional bc you are a righteous jerk !
maybe she has some kind of hormonal or gradual problem !
have you taken her to the dr to get checked out ?
if it is a more social/psychologically problem then she deserves a good therapist who can help her navigate the minefield of being a woman in our world .
also you are fat phobic and need to work on yourself to free your mind from oppressive thinking .
i just got a t3 wining card when the game update
good opportunity to know off some of those trophies i have no interest in actively hunting .
no but not because its back4blood but because u should n't pre-order games
chickens are domesticated animals they were domesticated from a wild bird called a 'junglefowl ' chickens are mostly kept in farms but are also found in homes as pets and obviously some have escaped their farms and homes and are feral chickens in the wild .
i had a close friend that committed suicide a few years back by gassing himself in his shed with a generator .
i was devastated i later found out that he did it because his wife found his child porn stash and called the police .
after i found that out i would have gone over and pulled the cord on the generator for him .
what i 'm saying is depends on the crime some people are just pieces of shit do n't get fooled by crocodile tears .
to do something truly bad you must be truly bad
you always want an enh in the melee group as well
there was a ridiculous space race happening at that time and we all know how the us loves to win win win .
maybe we went to the moon but the og video footage is unlikely it was officially recorded over and a lone video recording hero saved the day and there is 110 probability nixon was not talking to the astronauts in real time as they were on the moon .
there would have been at minimum a 8-10 second delay .
a little truth mixed with a lot of bs us propaganda so who tha fuck knows what actually happened .
aj because he did n't have as many legendary moments/things happen in his career as the rest
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
it suffers from issues listed in the askscience guidelines http www.reddit.com/r/askscience/wiki/guidelines wiki_asking_askscience .
the question may be written in a way we believe does not contribute to scientific discussion at r/askscience .
if you disagree with this decision please send a message to the moderators .
we 've had a lot of questions about afghanistan the taliban and the us withdrawal over the past few days and unfortunately all too often they 're the same questions .
because of that our automoderator has removed your post so you can check to see other threads about this topic
recent questions about afghanistan https www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/search ? q=afghanistan+or+taliban+or+kabul restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=month
send us a note by clicking here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/nostupidquestions
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nostupidquestions if you have any questions or concerns .
how do you sign up for a humanities elective as an ee major .
i get it i 've owned v8s before and a few other cars that had a lot of grunt .
not only do i want to keep costs in check but i also do n't really need '' that much beef under the hood .
my main use will be more sports driving where pure power is n't as big of a concern .
from what i 've read the camaro is a better handling car than the mustang .
jay is arguably the greatest rapper to ever live .
i 'll hold it until i can get there .
then it wo n't be america 's best restroom . ''
if or rather when total economic collapse occurs due to overpopulation global warming or shortage of basic resources what are our contingencies for food and water .
1 but most of the time i do n't drink water
my main concern is the pianist after that abrupt stop !
did anyone check to see if they 're ok ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/okprietenretardat if you have any questions or concerns .
this is not real if it is nta ban the trolls
i 'd be more concerned that your dad watches your wife 's of
theory is great but in reality hindsight from gme and amc shows that the shfs have a lot of tricks up their sleeves and the t35 cycles havent really been prevalent or useful for predictions .
if you or someone you know is contemplating suicide please reach out .
you can find help at a national suicide prevention lifeline
i 'd like to belive they 're just doing it for skyla but that does n't seem to be the case .
i got beaten to the punch by a few weeks .
only if senators had terms they 'd all be out of there by now .
it 's a load a crap that they can just stay there for as long as they please and collect the thousands of tax dollars to go in their pocket they get every month from us who they allegedly work for to do nothing .
but what if i just carry around like 10 loaded guns ?
we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
i ended up doing it on hard double hp bloons .
does n't work on easy and i have a feeling it does n't work on medium either .
too much hand held camera crap in tv and movies ... .unwatchable nonsense .
every chase and fight sequence is now done that way .
just hold the camera still so i can see what is going on ... its what i paid for .
i hope you continue having that always aim to improve yourself and you 'll be one of the best !
he 's busy chasing his dog around the bathroom .
is that all you sonaposting broskis can say ! ! ? ? ?
durr cactus cactus cactus among us among us cactus cactus among us among us among us based among us i feel like im in a fucking asylum full of dementia ridden old people that can do nothing but repeat the same fucking words on loop like a fucking broken record among us among us among us cactus cactus among us chocolate cake theives chocolate cake theives shitcayke theives chocolate cake theives lol chocolate cake theives ! ! !
no sona rule 34 drawing sona rule 34 artist going drawing ahghgh i hate this subreddit so goddamn much screwjw you sonapost i honest to gabe hope your mother chokes on her own chocolate cake '' in hell you cocksucker vut ohhh i knowm my post is sus isnt it ? ?
among us among us amogus sussy cactus among us cactus sona sona among us sona rule 34 among us chocolate cake theif sona cactus cactus ! ! ! ! ! !
well individuals ca n't do anything about that shit .
the whole usa ca n't do anything about that shit .
americans dying every year for 20 years with no progress at all .
20 years of intervention and a couple weeks after americans pull out ... same old same old .
feel so sorry for families thst lost loved ones in war but shit home life can be just as bad .
i love how roy and keeley do n't talk down to phoebe just because she 's a kid .
also i 've had some kids are just nasty little dickheads '' stuck in my head for days now .
idk what you 're talking about i 'd much rather have a penis cream in my ass then have my nut sack chopped off
this sounds like a terrible b movie waiting to happen .
only when bing censors results iirc bing was censoring tiannamen tank man ' for a while and as a result it wasnt showing on ddg
i dont think it was specifically ddg doing it tho
the afghan national army is n't going to fight the taliban because the second they do them and their families are as good as dead .
when batman slams hush into the desk i nearly died !
what better use of your time than to do what you love ?
excel directly to college probably would n't happen because the difficulty is n't high enough right ?
i think excel has been around just long enough that we 're starting to see the xcel jo college kids now or soon .
can someone tell me what happend in the video ?
they do they ca n't be bothered to read hegel or marx .
do n't ask how i 'm 99 certain no dice rolls were fudged and no encounters were lessened
we were all screaming when rossi got to 3rd .
is your submission of a place that other users might want to visit ?
if so head over to https thenightfeeling.net/locations to add it to our growing database of locations .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thenightfeeling if you have any questions or concerns .
car is in your name insurance is your name it 's your responsibility .
i mean civilly yes but you want these people criminally charged and i doubt if many states have laws like that since it switches innocent until proven guilty '' into guilty until you can prove someone else is guilty ''
the last time i had sex on 2cb it felt so good i kept laughing out of pure joy .
it actually ended up putting my bf off i think because i literally could n't stop laughing .
if kyra and will are together and will does n't sleep with anyone else i will consider that a win for them
i 'm fully vaccinated and the symptoms are n't too bad so far .
give mushishi https www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/orqhpi/mushishi_a_spoilerfree_review natural cinematography and moribito also outdoor for the most part and in addition amazingly realistic fight scene choreography a try
there is a very long history between 1000 years ago and when the west started poking around for oil
i know they are out there but the only one i can really think of is https m.fanfiction.net/s/13377194/1/harry-potter-and-the-dance-of-death
does that mean all she will do is light torches ?
the ability to get to a place where the vaccinations are offered the lack of health insurance which influences their thought on eligibility and the fact that most vaccines require 2 appointments are why poc have a hard time getting it .
btw i 'm a retired entitled white male so if there are other contributing factors that my ignorant ass does n't comprehend i humbly apologize and ask for enlightenment .
the box wine is like 13 at the grocery store where i 'm at .
he evolved to do gods work and delete cancer from the match
i love the souls games and i really love this game .
it 's different enough that i would n't consider it a clone .
i do find it a lot easier than the souls games too .
i do n't believe they represent islam at all .
just like the westboro baptist church or the kkk do n't represent christianity .
they are extremists who hide behind religion in order to spread their hate .
i really appreciate it and it helped reaffirm how i feel about all this .
after this i 'll probably up my initial times a bit seeing as that 's what most people are doing and i can see why it 's probably better .
i wonder why no one in the pentagon has thought of this in the last 20 years .
if your on xbox we should hit it up .
the more rounds you go the more you make lowest one i think is 100k per round or close to it offhand ?
that would make sense for college programs but not professional teams .
just one buzzfeed article that was part of a which disney princess are you ? quiz
just be honest.. by not telling the truth the officer might think you are not trustworthy .
if you lie they might already know the truth .
besides your married to a usc that is forgivable .
not a lawyer by logical reasoning only and from posts read here .
i 've been on 20mg for 4 months now and idk how long my course will go but my dermatologist is planning to lower my dose to 10mg even tho i 'm doing absolutely fine i barely had any side effects and i also do n't have any new pimples or cysts only a lot of hyperpigmentation left which takes time to fade also just got a topical cream prescribed for that hope it works
best deals coupons and discount you can find there .
this is a rant as said in a title .
just lost a game i was going to win .
i have one large blocker opponent has 2 lethal creatures .
in my hand is a capture sphere .. my opponent plays a creature in first main phase i do n't respond to that spell it resolves enters play .
i get a prompt to pass priority i pass priority thinking i am passing priority to enter combat step where i can tap one of his attackers with my capture sphere .
i just get to watch him tap his guys and attack for lethal .
i have no problem with my opponent winning i do n't want my money back '' it was free draft i am just upset that game does n't communicate steps or phases well .
every time turn changes you get big letters your turn or your opponent 's turn to which you can not do anything unless you put forced stop before you passed on previous end turn or there is an upkeep mechanic .
but for combat which is i would say most complex phase there is significant notification .
there is an icon change above the button but it is very minor and barely noticeable especially when you are focusing seeing what is on board or reading cards that were just played .
i do n't want huge text like your turn '' on screen but maybe button change from orange to ... red or more noticeable flash effect to communicate that game is in combat phase ...
how do i keep my toddlers from getting to my router ? ? ?
they 've broken two and now keep crawling in my last hiding spot to turn it on and off .
then they get super mad that peppa pig ca n't turn on .
so i just got my motors yesterday and started to tinker around with putting my build together only to realize i have no hardware for the motors ... . is it normal for them to be shipped with no hardware ?
i do n't see any motors screws available in the hardware section on the website .
does anyone know what type/thread of screw would work ?
besides just growing a cbd heavy strain is there a way to cure higher thc plants as to lower the thc level ?
it seems any time i search for a random group more often than not i 'm matched with a much lower level player in a much earlier part of the game .
i just want to join a group around my level/world level .
wasting time dropping into a low level group sucks especially with the amount of afk player and timed out sessions .
i just feel like maybe i 'm missing a search feature .
the exceptionally vague random group '' ca n't be the only option right ?
i can not explain how excited i am for coven evelynn .
i have an on/off relationship with league i come back and play a couple of games and leave again .
but this coven skin has me buying everything from the skin to the coven pass to get the evelynn borders and icons .
im a sucker for black and white themes and the fact that my favorite character has one is insane .
i 'm looking at wide angle lenses right now and i found these two
based off my very amateur/naive understanding the only difference i can see is the aperture 2.4 vs 2.8 .
does that make all the difference and is why one is double the price of the other ?
this is the 167320th time i made this shitty comment .
got some straight track now we get the scenery 
our store is usually lower middle part of the district for esp but it fluctuates .
unfortunately we live in a very low income area .
you can image our plans are n't popular here .
i do coaching all the time am always on the top of towards the top for esp attach myself and use sell sheets etc to show i 'm being accountable and it 's not just me giving a lack of effort .
i 'm just wondering if they 'll really fire someone for these numbers ?
last sm got fired for theft so that was n't the case there but still-there 's no store for miles to transfer to and i know they always threaten crap when it is n't where they want it but for reference of our district usually only 2-3 stores get above esp expectations a month .
so i feel like if they really fired managers for that the whole district turnover would be wild .
and no i 'm not looking for sales advice i 'm good at what i do but people do have a right to say no
hello i am looking for the cheapest or most cost efficient prebuilt with a 3060 or 3060ti i was planning on making my first handbuilt however sourcing a gpu has been quite a challenging task so i was thinking i already have a 1tb ssd ram for a good price in hand and if it would be a good idea to just get the missing parts off of a prebuilt .
went from around 30g a day to just 10g .
has anyone in here had my dose and gone cold turkey ?
also the internet is a fucking liar this is nothing like coffee dependency .
it appears to be a solo puzzle game with two different version .
it looks cool but i have n't heard anything on this sub .
myror https myror.co allows short term rental hosts generating premium direct booking sites from their existing airbnb listing pages with a simple click .
booking sites are ready to go and live within 3 minutes which is ideal to provide alternative payment options to guests quickly without spending hours building a site through wordpress or wix .
if you are an airbnb host and think this service can help you you can contact me directly so i can upgrade you to the pro plan to let you make the most of all the features .
i would love to hear about your feedback regarding design user friendliness overall experience too !
 fair launch on saturday 21st aug 3pm utc .
topada is the best ada cardano rewards token around .
topada is the next evolution of a reward paying token on the binance smart chain bsc .
its the best high reward paying token using the power of maximize your earnings for now future .
simply hold tada tokens and get rewarded 7-10 of the transaction in cardano ada a highly potential x1000 token .
it automatically delivers you ada binance pegged cardano bep20 to your wallet every 60 minutes 
fill up your ada wallet before next month 's cardano smart contract release by holding topada 
max wallet 1.25 of the supply per wallet or 1.25 billion per wallet .
 my finace and i are looking for a sweet girl to share our love with .
some of our hobbies include working out hiking camping  shooting kayakin and honestly we love the outdoors  .
as our title says we are into bdsm and i am a little/slave he is my master/daddy .
we are looking to find a female who is into bdsm as well and open to new experiences and to be in committed relationship with .
we have been together for 3 years now and are in a good healthy relationship like any couple we do have our arguments here and there mainly disagreements due to english being my second language .
but we get along very well and just love spending time with each and would love to have someone else in our lives to share that love and connection with .
if you would like to know anything else just ask  also your more then welcome to ask for pics as well  since ca n't really have a profile pic on here .
he 'll be available for about 4 hours after this is posted .
he has not been gifted any furniture just one shirt from another villager on my island .
no price just trying to give him to anyone who wants him .
my gba has a constant red light and as i 've found out is the cause of a dirty switch .
i found out that cleaning it can easily solve this problem but what if i do n't ?
i currently do n't have any of the proper tools in order to clean it .
is it fine to still use it as is or will it cause some unfixable problems ?
i 've already ordered a tool kit that comes with tri wing tip to take it apart but a video i saw on youtube on how to clean it says i need to use a soldering iron to remove it .
i do plan on buying a soldering iron and gain experience in the future as i do plan on modding the gameboy but just not right now .
can i just leave it dirty for a little bit and clean in the future or will it leave permanent damage if i do n't clean it right now ?
until someone tells me otherwise i 'm gon na keep on playing .
i need to get that shiny starter pokemon and i have a lot and i mean a lot of soft resets ahead of me .
navad has the coolest laugh i have ever heard 
i 'm writing a multi story audio drama series and am considering possibly getting a few other writers together to help .
the story i have for it has gotten a lot bigger and more complicated than i originally thought .
i am new to writing but have managed to get the first arc 's worth of story done and in production .
i just need help with the second arc and flushing out some bits of lore a bit more .
it is a fantasy series set during a space age .
enchantments have replaced computers and there is an undead dragon god trying to destroy the concept of reality .
the story 's follow different groups that occasionally cross over but each story and group connect to a bigger overarching plot .
i have lost much of the original story bible and was only able to salvage the first draft of it as well as a few lore documents but on the plus side i still know how everything connects to the ending .
i 'm a virgin just looking to get some more experience as i 've only been with one guy and i have n't really done much .
i 'm based in bradford i ca n't accommodate either .
i 'm about 5'11/6'0 average weight great ass check my profile for proof and i do n't think im ugly of course each to their own opinion i 'm not trying to ego myself i promise i 'm open minded about kinks and im also vers but more submissive/bottom .
i definitely would n't mind a little intimacy with someone or a connection but anything 's goes .
my question is at what point would it not be worth it ?
say if you only had a few hundred grt ?
hi just wanted to quickly find out if there are any venues to get a start in performing music live currently open ?
my family essentially stopped speaking to me a few months ago when i said i was n't reading their abusive emails any more .
it 's been about 7 months now nc and my mwbpd ensured my closest family were brought in to help isolate me .
i was just about managing a relationship by phone with my grandmother mother 's mother but the last few messages i 've received from her have been classic fm and she has stopped answering my calls .
out of the blue on saturday evening i received a one line text from her saying call your dad he 's ill '' .
obviously extremely upset by this and the way it was just sent like that .
i knew my uncle was staying with him for a holiday so i just messaged to see how he was i did n't mention my dad as i do n't want my uncle who is the single only family member still kind of communicating with me to feel dragged into this chaos .
he responded with photos of all the places he 'd been visiting with my dad the past week .
so this message from my grandmother was just a complete lie .
i am so absolutely disgusted and i know the source of this is my mother .
how sick to pretend a parent is ill to try and make me contact them .
and what happens the day one of them really is ill how am i supposed to trust any of them ?
i feel like my whole family are just put to get me .
all i want is a positive healthy relationship with them to draw a line under things and move on but all they want is to be emotionally manipulative and controlling and continue on this negative destructive path .
i used to think it was just my mother but they 've shown its all of them .
a place for members of r/cybersena to chat with each other
because if it 's only 'emotional ' it means i should not eat in response to it and to avoid 'emotional eating ' i should restrict as much as i can to make 10000 sure it 's 'real hunger ' and i 'm actually allowed to eat .
i would love to hear the community 's opinions .
i feel like ... someone has lost the plot for the isle evrima .
or maybe it 's simply more of the same from the original game .
i appreciate some of the changes made to the creatures available in evrima though the overall system feels imbalanced likely due to there just not being much choice yet and their intended implementations for things like diet just are n't available yet .
but it is suffering from the same issues the original game had and then some .
the community gets an bug fix update and a little we 're doing things ! ''
message once a month and our last new dino patch was 5 months .
and the bug fix patches we do get seem more than a little slow or they 're strangely hurtful like they want players who enjoy playing small sneaky things to suffer
1 for example the ai not spawning bug happened august 12th and is still a problem .
everyone is cannibalizing and/or running around trying to kill anything that moves because they 're starving from this bug .
it 's one thing if you run out of food in an area and have to move on i like that that should be a thing !
but literally going across the entire map and nothing is spawning is a hell of a maybe do n't '' .
2 safe-logging not saving player dinosaurs so people have to completely start over when the most popular options take hours to mature .
in a game already not respecting player 's time on many options those willing to forgive that ca n't even keep their hard work from one safe-log to the next .
3 and for those that can safe-log and come back to their saved dino at least half of the time you get the over-consumed '' debuff upon logging in for absolutely no reason .
4 why nerf small creatures across the board but increase the power of the deino and stego ?
5 i 've luckily only had a handful of crashes since the pre-patch '' that was 10gb on a 15gb game ... ?
but a lot of the folks i play with are crashing regularly .
this feels like evrima is creeping towards the original the isle which is n't what the devs wanted i thought ?
there 's a weird focus on ooo pretty new shiny maybe next month maybe in 5 months '' as opposed to making sure the core features of the game are solid .
and i 'm saying this out of love i want this game to succeed and i want to give a successful game my money and time but the more patches like this pre-patch '' comes out that absolutely breaks the game and servers are n't being played the more people will stop caring enough to point out flaws and just play something else .
and i 'd hate to see that with evrima .
i 'm too stiff according to everyone and all my punches are arm punches .
in sparring most tell me that i have a good fast and hard jab but that everything else feels lacking compared to it .
i 'm getting some personal training next week and wanted to improve on this .
any tips for how to use hips more in boxing ?
i 'm 13 and our school has to stay online so i do n't really have many friends .
i think i would like to start a career in physiotherapy one day .
i like to take my dog randy for walks at the park he is a super cute dachshund !
other than that i 'm not really into other stuff .
i do n't have a boyfriend or many friends to talk to so if your interested send me a message .
im 22 and are investing about 1k every month in hope to someday reach fire .
but how do you resist buying that sportscar that special watch or other materialistic things that you do n't need ?
for earning free coins at coinbase i have been in waitlist since february and have not received any response from the support .
back then while i was in court i was making fun of van zeikss by doing the not funny hollow chalice thing but then !
but then some of the glass bounced off the lamp that was there and it got in my eye ! ! ! ! ! ! !
so because of van zeiks with his indirect actions my eye is currently bleeding ! ! ! ! ! !
met this person who calls himself gator mike who claims to be a coach for the football team here at uf .
does anyone know more about him and if this is true ?
i want something for it but i definitely got my use out of it motor is good .
the usb port broke tried to replace it still not working you can either strip it for parts or have thrustmaster fix it .
i just really just want someone else to get some use out of it .
hi need some advice on nipple clamps for a first time user for my wife .
we are a young 60ish couple and would like to try the nipple clamps .
any suggestions for the type for a first time user ?
do they really create increase sensations in a good way and then all over sensations ?
we would like to explore this and see what happens .
many a times when i hit the record button the software records fine for a couple of minutes but then it just freezes at a particular frame but records the mouse moving around .
i have a 14 week old west highland terrier and he 's now beginning to chew furniture and such .
i have given him yak chews which he loves but only for short periods of time since i 'm not entirely sure if they 're too hard for puppies his age or not .
he can definitely chew chunks off of my coffee table so his drive to chew is definitely there .
i ordered a sampler box of natural chews claiming to be for puppies 12 weeks plus which includes stuff like rabbit 's ear dried chicken and duck feet and a lamb skin twist .
he 's tried a similar lamb twist before which he loved and i threw away once it became unraveled and i had him try the duck feet and he went mad for it .
not growling possessive just running away if i tried to approach him .
can anyone give me a good length of time to leave him with these things ?
finished paying medical bills and need a month worth of rent by this friday in order to not be evicted .
i get paid weekly and can check in or answer any questions asked .
sorry not sorry not going to care about enter topic here because i grew up with an alcoholic psychologically abusive father in constant state of distress anxiety and worry .
hearing the key in the door every evening was my own enter topic here for almost 20 years .
today while digging through my old mess of randomly filed papers i found my keyword list for my nicehash account i opened in 2014 .
i had a gtx760 back then and i mined for about a week before giving it up .
at that time i was more just curious to see if it was profitable .
it did n't seem to be so i forgot about it and moved on .
figured sometime in the future i 'd come back .
i 'm just curious if it 's too late to try and recover my account or if anyone has a link that could help me out .
any guidance will be greatly appreciated even more so if those 3 or so bitcoins i mined are still there .
has any one thought of making a map based on set it offs nightmare if some one artistic likes this feel free to hit me up but i ca n't draw or animate just had this idea
i thought jan was winning it but silky made the end so funny and entertaining .
i mean every queen watching was yelling and standing up !
a little kid should n't be able to be able to do this without a parents knowledge .
so how exactly are they scamming a kid again ?
ruger knows about the issue and will replace the cylinder .
it 's easy to fix the peen with a tapered pin punch though .
it 's the only way to get people to watch golf .
i think i am jaded of the festival scene.. have a jbl srx rig i am thinking of off loading .
it does n't get much use these days and i 'm tired of having to miss sleep to work events .
short answer yes i think i wo n't return .
the biggest upside of the pandemic was making people realize what a work life balance is hahah
i hope they 're able to make it work for you and you 're feeling more comfortable soon 
how often are their coaches that have played on the same team as a player in the league ?
not everyone can have the balance shown in the pie chart people measure their own success differently .
if being successful means having that balance then i 'm a failure and so are a lot of other people who have to work hard now to get that balance later in life .
videos of bad lifts are like train wrecks i do n't want to see it but i ca n't look away until i have to look away .
i both love and do n't totally understand their friendship .
which 'd make a li-ming on the other team even more dangerous .
half of our colonies are political prisoners get in line .
reminder your post will be removed if it breaks any of the sub-reddit rules .
https www.reddit.com/r/ucat/comments/oamlb5/subreddit_rules_etiquette please refer to the megathread https www.reddit.com/r/ucat/comments/n345qw/the_ultimate_ucat_megathread to see if your question has already been answered .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ucat if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah i do n't understand why people do this .
it 's like i 'm being nice and adjusting to tank/support .
the least they could do to help me would be to play a hero that they 're good at .
if you end up in the financial bracket to afford a supercar just go drive them and get the one that you like .
fast cars are fun for anyone but fast cars can actually be somewhat stressful for people who do n't enjoy that kind of driving .
the i8 is fast and handles fine compared to normal cars and even most luxury cars .
it just is n't fast compared to its peers in the supercar field .
at the end of the day some people would rather be a daily driver in a fully optioned minivan than be me in my amg gt-s and that 's totally fine .
get the car you can afford and that you 're excited to look at and get in every day .
does n't matter if that 's a bugatti or a bmw or a hyundai .
it 's your car and the only person who needs to like it is you .
i know there 's a lot of open ground west of hyde park begging to be hogged that might be it .
the seed pods are also pretty good in salads .
i ca n't believe people are going to buy into this event in the midst of the current game state haha .
i remember that in time spiral you could start pulling two rares one foil one regular ignoring timeshifted cards
material 2 old dian shang cubes more then 10 years old 1  each
back then i ordered 2 cubes because they were so cheap .
it was better then my rubik 's brand cube .
i kept the other as replacement but never used it .
last year i started cubing again and bought a whole new collection .
how i made the double cubes it i mixed the pieces of the used and unused cubes to get an overall used look .
then i cut away some plastic of the insides of 2 corners and glued them onto an edge of the other cube .
cfop well it is a bit complicated to find out how the centers have to be placed in relation to the solid block .
then one problem is making the last layer cross .
i had to find a replacement algorithm for frur'u'f ' because f ca n't be turned .
i read somewhere that f turns have to be replaced with r'u ' r means rw .
this results in a state where one f2l pair is taken out it 's the one in the back on the right side .
this algorithm solves the last layer cross when you execute it when 2 edges are yellow the front one and the left one .
roux-spoiler same problem with finding out how to place the centers then build the edges for the solid block on the other side and then move them with a e2 move build the second block and then just solve like normal .
we look carefully at all onlyfans mentions in this sub as it 's often from a seller .
a moderator will be along soon to look at this and probably return it to the subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sluttyconfessions if you have any questions or concerns .
that was a joke but i guess it could work .
he 'd run out of reasons by that point to not withdraw but he doubled down and it cost many many more human lives .
when i was a kid two children spirits used to i think haunt the house i still live in like one thing i 'll always remember is one night i was in my room singing to a song while it was playing and then on the opposite side of the bed i was sat on i heard the creepiest little girls voice that you could imagine singing along with me and at first i thought it was just the song or hell even me but when i stopped singing or turned the song off the voice was still there and when i realised that i ran to my mum crying that someone was in my room because i was a kid myself at that time lmao
once you do that shit you ca n't go back .
do n't fuck your awesome relationship up 'cause your dick has some new ideas .
ai n't nothing wrong with some roleplay and dirty talk .
i 've had mine for about 5 months now and i think its pretty damn awesome .
now i do n't expect it to vacuum for me but in comparison to a dustbuster which is what it should be compared against it does a great job .
if you put it in high power mode it has a great deal of suction for its size but you have to keep filters clean
this reminded me of that scab i would pick at as a kid on my knee or elbow
nothing on reddit i saw to support your comments .
realistically they could 've moved up these requirements by maybe 2 weeks tops .
it was n't until the end of july when we had enough vaccines for every eligible person so i 'd say that was when it went the earliest cut-off could have been .
never watched much jojo do you watch jojo actually satan ?
https youtu.be/r2fn8u9rv-u yay i ruined a tf2 meet the spy conversation also no hate pls
not to excuse their behaviour i would n't want to see this either but i 'm guessing a lot of the establishments offering that kind of events are still closed or closed down for lack of revenue due to the virus .
the sign next to them is a reminder of the social distancing rules so the video must have been taken in recent times .
you are going to gamble a 3070 on a known bad power supply ?
beth clearly does n't actually care about racism she cares about getting to feel self righteous and when she loses that opportunity she throws her toys out of the crib .
because nsdap and other orgs back then in the 30s not in the 40s contributed to colonies and basis for fundation of israel
why not do the same but opposite to get that crazy conservative pussy ?
 sucia it means suzie has big hilaria is hilary energy
i mean i think that this one is different .
since you 're doing the first pokedex it seems like maybe finishing the dex will be a requirement .
so maybe you could nuzlocke by immediately releasing your pokemon when you catch a new one .
gol o intelectual quer assistir a viso de jogo do filipe lus o cara  um gnio
the average bumbum barbosa fan x the average beccaccece cover enjoyer
i do n't think there 's any consensus about what nuraghi are .
your theory of nuraghi as towers is one of the most famous and it 's the one that consider nuraghi as military construction and towers that can also be used possibly to communicate since some of them have a good visual on the countryside .
i think this was at least at the beginning the theory of giovanni lilliu who 's considered the most important expert of the nuragic civilization .
i have no idea if lilliu changed or evolved his theory of what nuraghi are during his life .
linguist massimo pittau believed that nuraghi had a religious function and considered the idea of nuraghi as military constructions quite ridiculous though he did not exclude that the village might have sometime used the nearest nuraghi as a way to defend themselves .
some scholars believed that the biggest ones were palaces and the smaller ones just towers to control the countryside .
kekkei genkai is anything that requires special blood to use .
hidden techniques are secret clan techniques passed down to members .
they do n't require special blood to use but there is a unique methodology to preforming them .
unless you know that method you ca n't preform it or copy it in the sharingans case .
the aburame clan is the exception where they do n't need special blood to preform their hidden abilities but they do need a certain biological prerequisite insects put into their bodies as babies .
think of it this way ninjutsu is the mother and the kids branching from it are hidden keke genkai kinjutsu nature releases summonings ninja arts etc .
hidan jashin technique is still ninjutsu but it 's classified as kinjutsu dangerous techniques that are forbidden for various reasons .
i always get welkin and bp and i do get the quick start bonus for bp too those 5 resin moons are just so damn valuable .
it 's just a c8 c7 and partial-c2 c3 thing .
likewise not all gens have z06 and gran sport variants .
worldbuilding usually snares me along with really good spag great characterization and prose that 's well-written .
i have very prudent tastes and i do n't find many fics that fit the criteria i look for ... but when i do hoo-boy .
heute denn es ist tag der anglizismen du cringe boomer sei mal nicht so sus hier sheesh .
its not that they forget it is that they just have not had it and are pulling their talking point out of their ass .
personally i hate getting just a cold so there is no way i would want to risk getting a virus worse than the flu .
your tip of 1344 pee was successful to u/elqueso111 !
    get started https www.reddit.com/r/altstreetbets/wiki/peeing_bot-hrc20_tipping show my balance https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=peeing_bot subject=my 20info message=info 
 she actually has the best belly too it 's getting a little fat now and is covered in short soft curls .
why would you trade shai for an unproven number one ?
same i decided to give up clitty play and throughout the course of about a month and a half realized exactly how much i was using porn and masturbation to suppress my trans feelings .
i honestly have a hard time watching a lot of the sissy hypnos now realized i 'm actually super lesbian which makes a lot of sissy hypno not great anymore .
still love some of the trans focused pmvs and feminization based hypnos though .
agree with the general gist except bryce needs to go one tier higher
divers do not have to maintain themselves above water to not drown .
geo daddy for his shield and of course diluc for dps .
your post was removed because you did n't include one of the correct tags in the title of the thread .
try submitting your thread again with a flair tag at the beginning of your title .
please read the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/battlecats/wiki/index wiki_subreddit_rules before posting .
tutorial posts detailing strategies to beat levels or guides on different mechanics in battle cats .
r/battlecatscheats may be a better place to ask these questions .
fan-made posts about fan-art or some other fan-made creation .
fluff posts that do n't necessarily fall under any other category and are n't completely relevant to discussion .
discussion posts discussing the different mechanics or workings of battle cats .
announcement posts that serve as an announcement or psa .
bcpc posts that are about bcpc the pc version in specific .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/battlecats if you have any questions or concerns .
as i recall the importance of cotton in the acw has been grossly overblown
the importance of cotton to the south has not been overblown .
they simply did n't realize how easily they could be undercut and replaced and overestimated their importance to others like union workers going on strike for better wages only to have their jobs outsourced overseas .
you can use it like every 20 to 30 seconds with upgrades i think in places where you ca n't mount .
thank you i always see the korean war brought up as some example of us imperialism and i 'm just like ?
yea 1.18 i 've already got over 2 stacks of diamonds and barely a stack of iron
pick up the kraber in the firing range and take some shots at range follow the dots down the scope to range find and then slowly learn how the dots to the sides work as markers never forget that just down to the right of the centre point it displays your aimed at range and from there you can move to the closest dot
haha sorry i had to agree to not leak records when i get them from labels .
where 's that dave chapelle meme when you want it !
im doing scion martyr bcs i dont like dd but havent find the way to get it good since bb bf not good anymore .
this is a friendly reminder from the subreddit moderators to please flair your post to help keep the subreddit organized .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ponytown if you have any questions or concerns .
we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
this is exactly how i 'm feeling with my 11 day old babe .
i gave him 3 oz of expressed milk from a bottle then he proceeded to breastfeed for 20 minutes and then again an hour later 
how it 's really not that big a deal .
your post has been placed into the moderation queue because it contains certain keywords commonly used in purchase advice posts .
if this is a false-positive do n't worry moderators will be reviewing the post shortly and will approve your post accordingly .
otherwise if you are looking for help with buying or selling a motorcycle accessory service or related items s please lease see here for the purchase advice thread https www.reddit.com/r/motorcycles/about/sticky ? num=1 which is refreshed every two weeks .
in some cases that link may not work for mobile users .
the thread can still be found in the sidebar or pinned at the top of the subreddit page .
if this was n't purchase advice please send us a message !
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/motorcycles subject=question regarding the removal of this submission by u/rahulsindhav message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission gap in between exhaust and baffle https www.reddit.com/r/motorcycles/comments/p9qt7k/gap_in_between_exhaust_and_baffle
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/motorcycles if you have any questions or concerns .
leo genuinely looked like he was smurfing he 's so good at getting all the damage he can from the openings he gets
shopping for anything is tough even in the us ... . but i grew up in central america and that was practically impossible .
i literally bought the joke sized '' shoes once .
check out these new subs in the sexyplus network ... where chubby reigns surpreme !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
i like some of what i have seen but i 'm always hesitant to actually buy because i do n't want to end up with stuff that does n't fit .
i 'm sure i would enjoy all of these places but i 'm going for ancient rome .
i got it for free becuase i bought the og quest during an event .
i returned it they next day because of nausea then a year later bought the quest 2 .
all my research says to agree with the thoughts and sit with the anxiety .
its hard to do but over time it rewires the thinking process .
check out nathan peterson on youtube he discusses all things ocd .
netflix has a show called headspace i recommend you check that out as well .
its where you imagine the word stop then immediately think something positive example ima worthless piece of stop i have nice eyelashes .
it doesnt matter the unwanted thought or where in the thought you are .
clearly some people would rather die horrible deaths than change their world views .
i agree but i also think you are overestimating the time line and maybe a little bit ignorant to how disruptive these medicines are .
50 by 2026 with the assumption they have at least 1 or 2 fda approvals under their belt is totally possible .
most insomniacs are workers or students with jobs or classes which means they already have very consistent sleep and wake schedules yet they still suffer from insomnia .
insomnia does n't care if one has a consistent sleep schedule .
it will follow you to any schedule you set .
best to sleep when your brain can sleep regardless of schedule .
some people are morning larks and some people are night owls and this is genetically based .
my empathy for these people ran out six months ago .
their stupidity is causing preventable deaths at this point due to the clogging in the system and the medical workers are overworked to their mental health 's limit just because some dumb ass was doing his/her own research '' all along .
some of us do n't have the time or money to relearn a new skill .
some of us were brought up to believe getting a job in the field we like is worth the suffering .
by the time you realize it 's not glamorous you 're stuck in a job you hate because that all you know .
you let all the other skills fall off because you did n't have time for them .
you 're alone because you spent your time studying in college and not getting shitface like those pieces of shit who barely graduates and basically gets a free ride to any job he wants .
i 'm glad you have the means to change your life with out a second thought .
i hope things work out for you but seriously fuck off from the rest of who have to deal with real life issues .
if he ai n't getting service i do n't think it 's possible to judge him .
decided last night to get fansly up and running .
finished that today and currently trying to find out how to offer a free trial link to my whole 2 paid subscribers on of .
does n't feel worth it to put any more energy into that page at this point and i figure i should get a jump on making the switch now even though i do n't have a following yet .
also hoping the major increase in traffic and buzz around fansly will help 
i do n't know but they would feel weird without them
i have taken many econ courses and i think econ 200 needs more love .
it is very good course for teaching economic literacy concerning health crime immigration education minimum wage etc. and there is no need to know any math .
the concepts are not obscured by technicalities so it is information that is intuitive and will stick with you long after you finish the course .
there are zero rewards when fighitng also when i withdrew my earned zoons to buy at marketplace .
i did not get all the zoons only a small portion .
those of us who want a private sub could move and the lurkers maybe would n't .
second half dele and peh helped cover wings more and wolves had significantly less wing play thought it was well managed .
and traore will always be a problem down the side regardless of how many players are covering him
this post or comment appears to contain language that we do not allow on r/selfie .
the post or comment has been removed and the moderation team has been notified for review .
please remember inappropriate or insulting comments are not permitted no matter the language .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
so i 'm in hawaii at a beach in honolulu this morning and a guy is flying his unshielded fpv drone all around over the beach at low altitude at full speed and doing all of the acrobatics over beach goers walking paths full of runners and in between tall buildings .
my guy insisted that he 's done this a million times '' and he has the right to fly over people '' that he 's a professional '' and that i can go fuck my mother '' for calling him out .
did he misinterpret the new over people '' regulations or did he get himself reported the faa inappropriately ?
as much as i love victor and tiny that cbb tv show appearance has not aged well
this causes me existential dread and i identify way too much with this missile .
yeah ig i just really dislike everything obout their constitutional lack of freedom of speech or goverment in general and how they are still under the brittish crown .
its all subjective of course but personally i cant stand most other countries in the west besides my own .
culturly most are really cool but imo run like hell.of course i think my own is run like hell most the time but its founding principles were really good anyway im done ranting thanks for comeing to my ted talk
once a year for the announced observation and they give us a list of about 6 questions to answer .
they do n't even want too much there a short paragraph or bullet points for each question mainly just so they have something to refer to and so they go in with an understanding of what kind of lesson to expect .
as someone on the spectrum i find overall attachments hard .
i find the companionship with my spouse the strongest .
it was for some reason but it ran away when i let it go
source trust me bro except for the racist part which is true but considering that he was the least racist philosopher of that era  it is somewhat forgivable
locality of food does factor into sustainability and environmental impact but it 's definitely more about what you eat than where it comes from .
if you can eat locally do so but try to focus more on the production life cycle of what it is you 're eating
the data that goes into those graphs is from a massive analysis of hundreds of studies looking at over 30000 real world farms in over 100 countries .
it 's quite surprising how much difference your diet choices makes towards sustainability than where it comes from .
did you make sure you dont have to many persistent players in your posse .
i had that problem i sent hella invs to low lvl players and none joined till one messaged me telling me about the persistent players .
i squat 300 bench 245 and i can touch rim on a good day .
i would love to be able to dunk by november before high-school season starts .
i am a freshman and i have around 22 body fat .
i want to start jump training along with losing weight but do not know if it is worth it if i wont be able to add 6-7 inches to my vert .
just smelled pumpkin spice for the first time this year and it officially pumped me up for halloween ! ! !
just upgraded '' to a 5600x in my msi x470 gaming plus max and it 's amazing .
i play at 1440p 165hz and i have a 3070ti .
previously my fps was always below 100 in cpu intensive scenes and now i have much better minimums .
i do n't care what they say about 6c chips in 2021 this is more than enough for me .
this transparency report should include how many posts were removed for vote manipulation bought brigaded upvotes .
only if possible how many people were banned and also if possible for which main reasons .
reddit themselves already do that for the posts they remove each quarter copyright violations illegal hateful content ...
im new to graffiti and tagging and i currently struggle to first find a name .
is there any way i can play on xbox series x with my friend on ps5 ?
bought this game on release day thinking it had crossplay .
i kinda want to make character bios and make new characters
i 'm a 45 year old married guy who tripped hard on shrooms a couple weeks ago .
i came to a realization then that i 'm bisexual .
i messed around with guys a couple times before getting married but it did n't go too far .
now i 'm thinking that a better description would be that i 'm cyclically bisexual .
most of the time i like everything about women .
but ever so often maybe every month or two i feel fantasize about cock .
and then a week later i 'm back to my usual straight self .
i have taken one or two opm/usa hire assessments every year when applying to jobs .
the results are never provided to the test taker and the how they factor in the hiring process is very opaque .
does anyone have an idea of how to go about requesting assessment results through foia ?
would the foia request go to opm or the hiring agency ?
i only bring up this topic because many times i 've been told that it 's obvious to infer that mihawks is stronger than shanks because he 's the best swordsman and shanks has a sword .
my argument was that that does n't mean nothing because i never saw shanks as a real swordsman just because we 've seen him clash with his sword .
i think people like roger and shanks fight free meaning they are n't confined to just using swordplay although this is still in a way head cannon i feel from the story telling aspect it 'd be boring if roger and shanks were just swordsman .
also people bring up that they have like legendary weapons and i think thats given they 're legendary people .
although we have n't seen them seriously battle yet i 'd like to assume roger serious is a madman making use of swords guns and fist and shanks the same but in a more loose free spirited way .
when it comes to shanks vs mihawks tho not necessarily saying shanks is stronger but just saying it 's not a given that mihawks is stronger simply for his title .
i bring this up now because oda basically confirmed that there 's a difference but just with king .
i have a feeling this is a silly question but still me and my friends are struggling with the dots .
do you have to see the dots for it to work or just have the ghost walk/interact with it ?
everytime when we need it the room has been too big or too small to the point where all we see is the green box on the floor and no dots .
we 've tried moving it around but to no avail
do you have to see the literal dots to see the interaction from ghosts or just have to have the camera/look in the general area of the dots ?
so what happens to you when you 've tried over and over again to be one of those normal '' people who have sex and get into relationships and you failed ?
what happens when you 've lost even the hope that you 'll meet someone who actually loves you ?
life just becomes a drag and it is for most people but sex and relationships make it a little more bearable .
most people 's days are spent at a job they do n't care about but they put up with it because they can make money which they can then spend mostly in ways they can make themselves more sexually attractive .
and if they do n't already have a partner the cycle then becomes working all week and then spending the money you made on the weekend going out buying drinks and going clubbing .
the purpose of clubbing of course being putting yourself in places where you can meet people and hook up .
what happens then when you 've tried all this and nothing happened except rejections which resulted in low self-esteem ?
what happens when you 're convinced that you will certainly die alone ?
suddenly work becomes meaningless because you realize that you 're working just so you can keep on living a lonely life .
you might make a lot of money and buy all kinds of nice things but at the end of the day you 'll come back to an empty house with no love .
you 'll try to distract yourself with hobbies video games or whatever but the feeling of loneliness and being unwanted will remain because you 're biologically programmed to want connection and intimacy .
is n't that messed up that some of us are biologically programmed to want we ca n't have ?
why bother to go on living when you already know the way your life is gon na go ?
i 've reached a point where if i see a girl i 'm attracted to i know for a fact that she 's not going to be attracted to me .
it 's almost become a law like the law of gravity .
so knowing all this what is one to do ?
since i 'm alone all the time and since i lack the constitution for suicide '' all i can do is write songs https open.spotify.com/track/6615qt6fsmiq0zaqfdtijf ? si=c1e13c6441c646b9 about how alone i am .
the strange thing is because i 've been alone all my life i 'm actually starting to not mind it so much .
you can say that i 've resigned to the fact that i 'm alone and there is some peace in that .
i 've have just beaten mazes of the damned in moonshade it was fun ... but i did lose ... a lot ... but i 'm level 17 .
tombs of terror it seems enemies are level 27 ... and finally hit the limit .
so i obviously played wrong somehow but how do i level up fast to catch up ?
hi i 've been reading and looking for information about this topic and i wonder if some of you could help me .
my wife has a trigeminal neuralgia on her left side some clinical studies says that works for pain and i 'm looking for a doctor to start a treatment .
i came here because it 's difficult to find a professionals who want to do this .
so as the title says my companion ed-e has practically no health .
when i check the companion wheel his health shows as 0/0 so being hit by anything amr to .22 pistol will knock him unconscious .
i completed his quest by upgrading his weapons over a week ago and i just realized this during vault 34 .
my okeetee corn snake hades has been with me now for exactly seven days .
she seems to be doing well especially because she ate the first time i attempted to feed her tuesday evening which was only 3 days after getting her but six after her last pinkie .
i 've read mixed things as far as settling in periods and when/how to start handling .
when early evening rolls around sometimes i will dig a little hole where i know she is and she will come out but she is very unsure and does n't seem quite comfortable yet .
i 've added vines to any bare areas on top of her substrate and she has been using her hides up top more often .
my mom and i both successfully handled her the day i got her while setting up her enclosure but she probably was more ok with that because it was better than a little deli cup .
i do plan to feed her again on monday or tuesday .
i 'm just wondering when is a good time to introduce handling again .
i do put my hand down in front of her and she 'll flick her tongue and get a bit closer but the smallest movement from me and she pulls her head back quickly .
just wondering how other people have handled hatchlings and started the whole process without causing too much stress .
i will be live streaming building my ender 3 pro build today i have several parts already made to print but once it is up and running i will probably stream making a new model to print as well .
i plan on streaming a lot of this kind of content in the near future .
i 'd be open to some help with cura/slicer because i have never touched those programs before but i know my way around modeling a bit so there is that .
i recently rolled and got yuyuko and im super excited cuz i was saving for her and she came earlier than i thought !
but im not sure which story cards to use on her spell cards and the lostword .
so i got into league a few months ago and after playing a round with akali in aram she was surprisingly fun been playing with her for the last month and i need some tips on how to win lane .
i 'm a recreational super wanting to get a more high-end board that is still somewhat budget-friendly .
i also want to get more into touring and sup surfing but do n't want to have to buy two separate boards .
i 've been researching boards for a long time and came across the starboard generation 12'6 '' and was wondering if anyone has any thoughts or experience with this board or if you 'd recommend something else .
i found the generation for 1300 and would like to stay around that price or even better go lower than that price .
i currently have an inflatable sup and just think i would enjoy a hard sup more !
i do n't play mordhau and never did in fact i play chivalry 2 please ban m so i do not have to have notifications like this
i 've been watching love island for years and i finally have time to binge watch the new love island usa .
i 'm almost done with the season and i feel like the og girls are super clicky amongst each other .
a good example is a conversation cash and olivia had where they said all the new girls just make them very uncomfortable even though the girls have only been there for a few hours and they did n't even talk to them or even make an attempt to talk to them .
this seems like the general impression i get every time a new girl comes in and this is never done when a new boy comes in .
i understand that they might feel threatened but it 's a little immature .
do people hook up with anyone they message for the sake of hooking up ?
i always thought there should be a level of physical attractiveness .
hello all i dont know if this is considered low effort or used too much but i dont think of these a lot and this is what pops in my head so what do you guys think ?
forgot to include context any thing that you can touch .
now i 've been in plenty of these situations but one has just been floating around in mind .
i was with my partner at her friend/coworkers and the friend was having a bunch of coworkers and some their significant others together for a movie night .
we sat on the back couch of a basement movie room about 6-8 feet away from closest couple .
about 20 minutes into the movie we grabbed the blanket folded on the couch and cuddled up .
the room was dark it had been late and the mood was layed back .
with the blanket over us i began play with her butt and run my hands down her hips .
coming back up i slid my hand into he pajama pants around front and slid her thong to the side and she was already wet and i rubbed her clit and sliding my finger occasionally up and down and feeling her get more turned on .
she then stopped me and i thought maybe wrong place wrong time but she then immediately went into my shorts grabbed my dick and quietly looks back and whispers put it inside me. secretly and slowly i slide her pajama bottom just under her but slide over her thong and with her bending forward slightly i very slowly push up inside her about halfway i come back an inch then proceed until every inch is inside her .
everyone around us oblivious that im balls deep inside her dripping onto her friends couch and soaking wet .
rubbing her slit and around her lips gripping my dick then making her suck my fingers clean .
most the time i layed there with my cock inside her for the better half of the movie .
and without a soul ever finding out i grabbed her throat from behind as i came as deep as i could inside her .
hey i recently got a job offer that will start in september 20th do i still do the work searches or do i call and let them know ?
also does this disqualify me from getting payments until then ?
my girlfriend and i will be traveling to croatia for a week in september .
we 'll stay at my grandma 's house in the small village of dubrovan for a week or two
we 're particularly excited about nature parks hot springs and geysers in the wild but my grandma only pointed us to resorts such as termes and spas .
we did n't plan to rent a car but might end up doing so based on your suggestions !
here 's some important information to know if you want to .
1 scan out if you do n't scan out you ca n't get back in
2 at either the nw or sw gate and only these gates
al those 3 things need to be true for you to get back in for the sounders .
our boy jim just peed and it was bloody .
we are on a trip and ca n't see the vet until monday .
update jim is back from the vet and they think it 's a uti .
we have a bunch of antibiotics and a pain killer for him and he 's sleeping it off .
the short sale volume percent not short interest for stock ticker gme is 60 on aug 27 2021 .
the short sale volume percent is down 6 compare to aug 26 2021 .
the short sale volume percent not short interest for stock ticker gme is 66 on aug 26 2021 .
the short sale volume percent not short interest for stock ticker gme is 61 on aug 25 2021 .
the short sale volume percent not short interest for stock ticker gme is 63 on aug 24 2021 .
the short sale volume percent not short interest for stock ticker gme is 61 on aug 23 2021 .
the short sale volume percent not short interest for stock ticker mdy is 85 on aug 27 2021 .
the short sale volume percent is down 3 compare to aug 26 2021 .
the short sale volume percent not short interest for stock ticker ijh is 53 on aug 27 2021 .
the short sale volume percent is up 17 compare to aug 26 2021 .
the short sale volume percent not short interest for stock ticker xrt is 49 on aug 27 2021 .
the short sale volume percent is up 2 compare to aug 26 2021 .
the short sale volume percent not short interest for stock ticker spmd is 72 on aug 27 2021 .
the short sale volume percent is up 11 compare to aug 26 2021 .
it is not including all volumes from all market .
i will definitely echo what others have said where it feels like you are failing the whole time until you get your score .
do n't get freaked out and just take your time .
definitely make sure you know your ports and protocols .
also make sure you know raid types and details about each min disks parity mirroring how many disks can fail and still allow recovery etc .
i mainly used professor messer 's videos for studying and then went through select chapters of the security all-in-one book for anything i was struggling with .
i used messer 's and dion 's practice exams .
i found messer 's wording of mcqs and pbqs were pretty close to the actual exam .
good luck to anyone taking this in the future !
it is a hard test but nowhere close to impossible .
the only thing the us government gives a shit about is taking money from you .
and which way is the right way in your opinion ?
there are already 6-year programs that start directly from hs available in the us the two extra years are first and partially cover the basic material you would have learned in undergrad .
i think those graduates are not generally seen with the same esteem as those from equivalent traditional programs but i could be wrong .
36 knees over toes afg squats plats hack squats all strengthen my knees .
she does n't even know the ingredients in her hot pockets .
this clown also circled a bunch of designs on the back of literal magic cards .
he does n't even know what the fucking back looks like .
any sexual activity can lead to an sti not just intercourse .
i also think that you should let any of your partners know of your diagnosis .
if you have n't been sexually active at all then i 'd also get checked for a uti if you 're having symptoms .
most of the time the bacteria that cause this are sexually transmitted but they can occasionally be from an infection in your urinary tract .
shit i rub it into my penis thoroughly for at least 20mins a day .
i like that uber wayyyy better then those honda accord sports that are heavily modded in nyc
i really wished i never seen this comment cause i went and looked bro up regret every second
tip this post any amount of donuts within 6hrs https www.donut.finance/tip ? contentid=t3_pcrgth by 11:04pm utc https www.donut.finance/time ? utc=2021-08-27t23:04:36z to keep it visible .
i think it was intentionally started as a propaganda arm .
similar to stop asian hatewhich was quickly abandoned as soon as they realized most documented instances of racism towards asians were coming from blacks .
this guy is just too generous in dms he 's sweet af
it should be since the 5th wwc featured the 4th year anni i hope they do n't break tradition now
the only thing octane needs is louder more clear audio indicators when someone is using the jump pad .
looks nice i 've seen it done a few times on facebook groups .
i guess you could use different flavors of baking chips but it tends to be chocolate chips and heavy whipping cream .
there may be like some salt and such too but thats all i have of the top of my head
because the premise is that sexist hiring processes causes it .
the items that they are controlling for are not sexist hiring practices .
therefore if a person can show that the factors causing the wage gap are due to choice and not gender bias a person can discount gender bias as the cause .
when people say the wage gap does n't exist '' they are n't actually saying it does n't exist .
they 're saying that it is n't due to sexism/bias .
it 's due to choice and as such it is n't the sexist issue that feminists make it out to be when they yell women are paid less for the same work ! ''
if it 's due to the different choices men and women make and feminism claims to support women having a choice then where 's the issue ?
so long as a woman will get compensated for her choices on average the same as a man who makes the same choices then what does it matter to feminists if some women make different choices than them ?
all that should matter is that you 're treated fairly for the choices you make .
that fuckin animal crossing fake art dealer knows this well .
great work if i may give a suggestion foliage looks too intensive sharp i would make less leaves and have them less distinct/more blurry
what are those bright green things 2 cells size you have lvl around ?
but i 'd recommend you buy a proper soldering iron one with proper temperature control .
cheap soldering iron will cause major headaches in the future .
and in case you want to attempt it here 's a parts list https www.reddit.com/r/gameboy/comments/p4ykq1/-/h927hzy
larry can play the 3 and he 's a known good player .
bold of you to assume my depression has ever left .
u/thesecretenchantress your post was removed because it was was n't from an accepted domain .
please only submit images from other subreddits that are hosted on one of the following sites
reminder you are submitting the image with the subreddit name in the title not the link to the subreddit post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/porn if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly you come off as kind of a prick .
if it were some sort of hand me down vintage wedding dress from your grandmother that you 've been anticipating wearing for years then i 'd get it but is a wedding dress you found at the store days ago worth alienating your fianc from his family ?
if it were me as soon as i found out what your fianc was going through i would 've just conceded the dress .
ego and a wedding dress you 'll have for two hours are not worth your fianc losing the family he 's been so close to for so long .
i would n't be opposed if the witchqueen+seasons did n't already cost 100 .
at this rate the final shape will probably be 200 .
on top of that they still run a f2p '' model and have a cash shop .
why is silver not included in the purchase of the new expansion/dlc ?
it has to be purchased in addition to everything .
this game is a giant cash grab for bungie now .
i 10 citi salvo 'd a dallas almost that same way in my atlanta .
i 'm not i 'd mind getting caught in public with that in my mouth 
except he never had a reason to not show up .
i 'd love to know if you would want to show up to a job where all your coworkers and your boss dislike you even if you 've showed up on time for a year
come to calgary my neighbourhood is full of duplexes and townhouses
i 'm not very good at giving names but she is so cute that i will try eloise ?
im honestly a little surprised travis never bought the land and rebuilt the park dude loved the park and definitely has the money to do so plus it would 've been great promo
no matter how much i used to spend in nandos i always came away feeling ripped off and still hungry .
on the theory that once the unemployment runs out a bunch of these people will be unable to pay the loans ?
or would you add these trackers both in good times and in bad ?
here 's what the so-called vaccines are truly capable of https youtu.be/qjgc8wouwk8
10 minutes after i landed at jfk some guy came up to me and said that they did n't want my kind there lol ''
guess they 're the typical white american rednecks who hates muslim/arab countries .
i really admire the enthusiasm with which you 've answered the questions !
in terms of tank centered abilities he has the best
okay i just think at least he was charismatic is n't a good defense .
i 'm not expert in pricing games at all but 60 dollars is too much for an indie game made by an unknown developer .
you could even buy a few known indie games or a aaa modern game by this price .
for how you described the game and by comparing it to some indie games perhaps a better price would be 25 20 .
again i 'm not an expert so it would be better if you asked a real expert or watched some videos on how you price your game '' .
they 'll find people from different ethnic groups to be in their council but they wo n't represent those groups in any meaningful way .
they probably have someone help you choose where you are going to bet .
this cycle may continue until they get your trust .
and they may probably ask you to bet all your winnings and then you lose .
little did you know this is a scheme and planned or programmed .
i feel like live action adaptations of animated things are almost destined to have the characters look like a cosplay of the original .
for a price of 1 million dil you can have junk past free event item .
i feel he is more of a chief architect '' who has surrounded himself with some incredibly talented people .
i respect musk 's greater involvement in the details of projects than i do bezos ' .
i 'm still ambivalent on the guy but this was eye opening .
you can only contribute to a roth ira if you have earned income .
if you do have earned income you can contribute up to 6,000 per year .
there is a limit to the maximum income you can have and still contribute to a roth ira .
my advice is open one with vanguard https investor.vanguard.com/ira/how-to-open-an-ira https investor.vanguard.com/ira/how-to-open-an-ira
there is a minimum initial 1,000 investment after that you can add any amount of money you want .
leave the money alone until you retire do n't take money out !
you 'll thank me when you 're my age 66 .
lol i never said it was good or a bad thing ... ... i just i was shocked that there are that many .
sorry for not being up to date with every single thing online
i hope she meant 6 inch length  6 girth is wayyy more than average .
i 'm not sure belichick has the answers like people think .
our fanbase treats him like god himself and every single move he makes shouldnt be questioned because of his track record in the league .
i would rather rebuild with him than without him but i 'm still not sure this is going to work
he should have gone to psg to really piss the world off
i wouldnt need to if people were not so strung up on bashing him .
he can do wrong and i think hes better then what he was in playoffs but people who say simple statements such as hans sama and carzzy are better ill just disagree with .
it 's been 110f most days and i still manage to ride 2 hours a day for at least 3 days out of the week .
hell we got hit by monsoon storms couple weeks back .
there i am dressed in plained clothes and a helmet going 70 on the freeway at 10pm in the middle of a storm .
i got a motorcycle because i enjoy riding not because it 's a talking point .
i thought he was correcting themochaboats comment and i thought he did n't know that jj has a new song .
age of empires could be played with a keyboard and mouse on console just stick a note or prompt a warning when buying for console that a keyboard and mouse is mandatory
from the first picture i thought this was like 6 feet tall and was very confused as to what it was .
i 've already did this goober use their shitty bot to seek out my posts and mass report them for harassment so i 'm not going to take the chance .
waiting until we get a vaccine for under 12 .
that 's really the only reason left to slow it down .
and yes few few kids will die from covid which is an easy thing to gamble on if you do n't have any kids you care about .
have striker tw apexs want pp f f or pure creds we use reddit mm
maybe he could swap his debt obligation with some other user from a kink/fetish sub ?
the bike at the top of it seems ill-advised whichever way it traverses it !
einer ist vor dem anderen aber sie sind gleich schnell .
um gleichauf zu sein muss der hintere zeitweise schneller laufen .
die frauenquote ist nur solange relevant wie es keine tatschliche gleichberechtigung gibt .
und die bisherige frauenquote bei vorstnden ist ein witz .
es betrifft 1. nur 30 firmen und 2. ist die konsequenz die stelle nicht zu besetzen wenn keine frau was einfach nur bedeutet dass wer anderes mehr gehalt bekommt und sein aufgabenfeld erweitert wird .
i can do the audio probe i think but how do i check the continuity of the foot switch ?
multimeter i assume but how just each probe of the foot switch to the end of the connected wire ?
what will the multimeter show if it 's working properly ?
it still seems like a better bet to reconfigure it to match delta given how much that variant has taken over worldwide it seems likely that future variants will mutate from delta and be closer to it than to the variant the vaccines were developed for .
400 masters 200 elites 700 hards and i ca n't recall a single time i 've been pked in the wilderness for my clue lol
i would love to watch a video tutorial that assumes that i have no knowledge of layering .
i feel like i 'm watching videos that are for skill level 2 not necessarily advanced but that i missed the fundamental starting point .
at a certain point in time we have to cop on and acknowledge that there 's no helping some people .
some lads are just too criminal like the lads who drove into the lorry good riddance and some alas have wrecked the head on themselves for so long via drink or drugs so much that if they woke up tomorrow full clean sober they 'd be like an infant .
this poor woman is probably gone past any hope of a decent life she needs to be taken off the streets and put into a mental institution .
the uae will always be the savior of the world
two doses of the mrna vaccine are 60 effective against the delta strain .
better than nothing but it 's nowhere near enough .
would not play unless it 's on pc though i really want to but only if it 's on pc
holy shit man this by far the best track list i have seen !
wsm 's 14 in premarket trading is crazy..even though premarket is fake .
what other treatment ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
the ccp 'approves ' of chinese christians if they belong to denominations that have been accepted by the government .
other denominations are subjected to persecution has you have noted .
it sounds like you just created this narrative in your head .
galactic railroad and princess iron fan was soooooooo good .
attorney so ok on the career but about 30 lbs overweight so ehh
it 's cos they limit what you can put on your profile which is kind of frustrating like if i want to be able to show my favourites games rarest achievements etc i ca n't without levelling up which is how it is .
depending on what games you play people often look at your profile .
i 'm fairly new like been collecting about a month and i never really ask questions other than what 's some good uk shops that 's all i do all my research as well as learning from my mates who collect also .
i 've learnt what i need to know and i collect what i like that 's the way i am .
it really does annoy me though when little kids come like is this rare it just makes me think like do you even research anything or are you just lazy ?
they are just stupid 12 yr old trying to be edgy
 i was mostly talking abt black women in this video as you can clearly see from the thumbnail .
i 'm not really getting you 're point here ?
i did say i was going to make more parts but i was talking abt black women in this video ... ..also both men were with white women which automatically gave them less racial hate .
as a fully black couple tyler and kaz got a lot of hate
hi nice meeting you i am douglas engelbart from the united state .
and you whats your beautiful name and where are you from ?
your post has been removed because posts must address the community in the entirety of the post and not only one specific person team or entity .
this includes direct appeals and complaints to riot games .
have a question or think your post does n't break the rules ?
check our full rules https www.reddit.com/r/valorant/wiki/rules or message our modmail and please do n't direct message https reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fvalorant .
you sheep do n't realize that i the sheep dog am protecting you from the wolves while we stand in line at the grocery store .
but i think they 're my favorites because i got to see how the progressed and evolved
raiding more than one night a week for a start unless you 're suggesting the average mythic raiding guild raids only one night a week
i do n't know how much you can still hold but seeing your situation house renovation mental health ... i would try to look for a job that pay more or less the same instead of maybe taking a huge pay cut .
but you have to talk to your partner about it and you have to be honest with yourself can you keep going a bit longer ?
i know the feeling of being fidgety and wanting out after a year as this has been my life for so long .
maybe you could look for contract based jobs if that helps it did a bit for me but barely haha .
my word is that i would be careful taking too big of a paycut if it 's not for a role with growth potential especially if you have big financial goals .
but a burn-out is super bad so make sure you do n't destroy yourself in the process .
try to push for a diagnosis as much as you can nhs i know they are awful .
maybe look into to-do lists or gamified to-do habitica or similar ... .
for me adhd goes in waves sometimes i am super productive and others ... life becomes hell .
do n't be too hard on yourself and try to ride out the wave .
my answer is a bit everywhere as this is the end of the day for me and i am exhausted but i hope it can help you a bit .
aside from the fact she fits into the age category at risk of brain haemorrhage what is the ultimate point here ?
sure take moderna pfizer or j j in that case .
the absolute overwhelming majority of people who get vaccinated have zero issues so this does n't justify not getting vaccinated .
all games now are heading that way if they have n't already .
but to actually advertise a single type of cross and state it will be added as dlc just shows how little they have actually done .
in the united states any suit against the government or anyone else for that matter must be based on a recognized cause of action .
what this means for suing a state government here is that there must be an individual right either from the constitution or granted by some law or common law doctrine that the state has violated .
there are general causes of action such as against a person 's liberty interest '' so you could try to say your right to be free from covid is being violated .
but you 'd still have to suggest some actual specific duty on the part of the state government that they are violating .
for example if the state legislature passed a law that said the governor is responsible for keeping the state 's coronavirus numbers below a threshold of x then you maybe could sue under that statute when the governor failed to do so .
but the suit you 're contemplating if it were in the us at least would be about like saying i want to sue the state for doing a bad job because i do n't like the job they 're doing and they should do better . ''
i do n't know about australia but here in the states if we could sue any part of the government any time they did a bad job at something we 'd have no government left .
it 's literally ok for people to talk any amount of shit about white people because no matter what a white person does or what their background is like they still benefitted from white privilege .
it 's one-sided but apparently it 's a hole we 've dug ourselves .
yes my understanding is now that tax break is only going to apply to vehicles up to 40,000 into clients that make less than 100,000 i guess the only ev vehicle you can buy to get the tax break is a kandi that is definitely not happening screw nancy and china together they both should have each other
only to look at that gaping hole where my dick had just been ... and slide it back in .
and the rest of your body 's sooo sexy .
that would be great but if they decide to retread the events of the movie before doing something original at what point should sora arrive ?
i 've been wondering on the effects of kratom on the immune system .
she mentioned instagram parties that have bouncers and 100 people there .
she did n't say mansions but i think we can assume that 's where these parties are at .
on the other side of things it can also be seen as healthier than holding on to anger and recognizing that they ca n't change what happened but they could allow empathy to take ahold and create some positivity out of a sad situation .
sometimes it 's just about letting go instead of holding on to your anger
you are running in to the limits of hardware and physics .
the solution here is to get a better pc .
all i know is that gods were a high form of mystery and that they had to battle an alien entity coming to earth at one time .
you 're right i meant the past tense of to teach '' which is taught not thought .
was able to do it using paypal with no problems .
i 'm hoping you 're right edited to add that i just heard harry styles is requiring test or vax for his orlando show .
dead and co. in tampa in october is as well .
so that gives me hope that hula can make this happen .
also adding the link to a tampa bay times article about the fest 's authority to require vax or neg test article https www.tampabay.com/life-culture/music/music-news/2021/08/20/loophole-lets-live-nation-demand-vaccine-or-covid-19-test-before-concerts
the early 90s was when the rates drop significantly .
he presented it as if this is a guide line that applies to all people and i just pointed out that its not it only applies to americans .
logically if you suggest a global solution for a problem any kind of problem
you are partaking responsibility for it and you are open to critiscm for that solution which is what i just did
i know this is nitpicking put this kinda bothers me .
he was ethnically punjabi batra not himachali and it was a part of the film and his life itself .
it was even a part of the film and we criticised kiaras awful dialogue delivery in punjabi
kangana has this weird thing of forcing state superiority everywhere for no reason .
even during yami gautams wedding where ayushman made an innocent comment congratulating yami both grew up in chandigarh and are old friends she sent a mean comment about a himachali bride being the most beautiful in india when ayushman himself was praising yami as well !
and also every bride is beautiful north or south .
if it were n't for the lack of coloring i would n't be able to tell the difference .
i 've seen other subs remind people before they post that if this is not in the right thread your post will be removed or you 'll temporarily be blocked from posting
it does n't sound like to me that you were intentionally trying to call linda our or make her look foolish .
i lived several years in germany and when people ask if i speak german i tell them i can count and say some colors .
there are a few other words here and there that i can speak but i would never say i can speak '' german just because i know those few words .
sounds like linda is trying to make herself look smarter by saying she can speak swedish .
i thought the real virus were the friends we made along the way .
the campus is still closed so it wo n't be there dlsu might have given you a list of accredited clinics .
not sure on the deadline since we 're still having a surge of cases as of the moment
i think some people just never saw that kind of healthy mixed family growing up .
when my sister married her husband he had sole custody of a child from a previous relationship .
my nephew was immediately doted on as the grandbaby by everyone in my family presents every holiday etc .
my brother in law actually thanked us for making my nephew feel like part of the family because we did n't have to. in our minds the minute my sister got engaged that little boy was a part of our family and always will be no question .
but i think my bil did n't see those examples when his parents divorced and remarried when he was a kid .
avast the decks be swabbed and the rum be flowin ' .
tis ' a fine night for some pillagin ' plunderin ' and not giving a hoot-in ' .
do not clean them peace dollars are silver and can fetch a premium over face any half dollars and ike dollars pre-1971 are going to be 40 silver pre 1965 are going to be 90 silver from the second picture i see nickels anything between 1942 and 1945 on the nickels are going to be 35 silver .
i 've played a couple to great effect as a spellcaster first flanker second .
do n't think of them as a spellcasting rogue though .
they have some ability in melee but are foremost a wizard .
the greatest succes i 've had was taking 3 lvls in fighter rogue or ranger to help my melee capabilities at the cost of losing some spell casting lvls .
basically if you want to be sitting in the back throwing spells if will never beat an evocation wizard or many other schools .
but if you like a bit of melee ability then it 's a good pick .
if the disable option is n't available navigate force stop ok .
perfect big beautiful sexy tits nipples and tight tasty little ass n pussy
terraria is such a triumph of a game imo .
it takes the best elements of metroidvanias the joy of finding a new item that drastically increases your mobility or revisiting an old area to find new things that were previously out of reach of rpgs gradually growing in power such that previously impossible tasks become trivial and previously tedious ones become unnecessary and of sandboxes creative expression and exploration and combines them all into something cohesive .
as a youngster spider-man was my fictional hero of choice but i eventually got soooo sick of peter parker 's constant self-doubt and refusal to simply kill unrepentant villains who were beyond saving .
bond even in roger moore form was such a breath of fresh air compared to that .
you can tell he slept well at night no matter what rotten things he did and ultimately the ends justified the means .
the real world would probably be a better place with more peter parkers and fewer james bonds but to me the latter is infinitely more interesting to watch or read about .
yacht trip with cpc leader and murray edwards the uncanadian tax dodger and cpc financeer at the exact same time .
no problems with dancing or wearing canadian made clothes .
but even the fn involved admit they do n't want the cpc .
elbowgate started with the cpc and ndp the playing games blocking people by force and then complained about being moved .
grope is n't mentioned in the incident from decades ago .
i lost faith in them after they got into xenophobic nonsense .
not sure how directly involved politicians are in these situations .
passing around pat stogran 's medical file and trying to get him committed is what the cpc did and we know that for sure .
13.cons kiboshed it and only wanted a referendum run by brexit campaigners .
cpc did n't want this they would be crushed by the left .
sajjan was pivotol to op medusa and the generals he worked with said so .
sexual allegations coming to light proves the system is working .
then there was the cpc creating scary tweets about canada being invaded .
pretty sure this lead to an increase in violence on minorities within canada like the maga terrorist is qubec .
its in the middle of their face yes it is crooked .
i think the best way to slow down time is to do a plank in silence .
ok with the first part i agree i would prefer that meat was a little more animal friendly but we have petitions legislation and other ways to achieve it .
if you read through my whole comment that 's literally the only reason i 'm considering a vegetarian diet .
about the vegetarian cultures tell me how many of them have developed beyond the iron age ?
and how many have developed beyond an equivalent technological level to the italian renaissance ?
also i 'd be curious as to what civilization you had in mind .
i would love a source on the farmland claim because it seems ridiculous seven billion is a difficult to comprehend number specially when it 's growing at a fast rate .
energy is not the concern here the concern here is the appropriate nutrients that we need to develop our brain our muscles and everything .
funnily enough you ignored the study of the effects of a vegan diet long term probably because there 's very little research on this topic .
bear in mind i 'm talking vegan here because milk and eggs and other animal products do have most of the nutrients we need .
you misunderstand my point i 'm not talking about an edge case if you think poverty is an edge case then you 're living under a rock i merely exaggerated the example to leave no room for a different interpretation .
world 's not black and white you choose white while i choose black we are both ignoring the grey in the middle for the sake of the argument .
and do n't tell me you 're not because you chose the well off karen bitching in the supermarket not the poor homeless man who 's just trying to get by .
there 's definitely nothing wrong with killing that 's exactly why i keep pointing out the utilitarian point of view of one life to save many .
killing for pleasure is definitely not what we 're talking here .
and we can definitely infer morals into animals that 's exactly why i directed you to the trolley problem a core thought experiment of ethics .
and if you say veganism has nothing to do with refusing animal tested products then you have fuck all idea what you 're talking about
sword of the paruns https c1.scryfall.com/file/scryfall-cards/normal/front/d/2/d21d7452-b49e-499e-9cf3-4a883e5e9e57.jpg ? 1592673714 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=sword 20of 20the 20paruns sf https scryfall.com/card/cma/234/sword-of-the-paruns ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/d21d7452-b49e-499e-9cf3-4a883e5e9e57 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text er https edhrec.com/cards/sword-of-the-paruns
feed the pack https c1.scryfall.com/file/scryfall-cards/normal/front/9/8/9831e3cc-659b-4408-b5d8-a27ae2738680.jpg ? 1562930830 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=feed 20the 20pack sf https scryfall.com/card/dka/114/feed-the-pack ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/9831e3cc-659b-4408-b5d8-a27ae2738680 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text er https edhrec.com/cards/feed-the-pack
does n't nanos use the same people for the full election while ekos and mainstreet sample new people each time ?
wawa was the thing i missed most when i left jersey .
what if i 'm god and everything exists because i did something weird ?
they 're all making basic attack actions but pretty much every class has unique ways to modify those basic attacks .
i agree they 're all doing the same thing but it feels different .
whereas in 4e everyone was doing different things but they felt the same .
she would rather keep a piece of jewelry then help an old lady reconnect with her estranged daughter man if that dont sound like a greedy materialistic grubber to me than i dont know what does
bro i was ceremonial guard at 8th and i .
it 's a lot of ironing polishing and standing still .
surely this is a bug and not apples long term expected behavior right ?
i have n't done one yet so i 'll repro and submit feedback as well just in case they think leaving guids of past individual things is useful .
richtig und zum einen muss dem mit baulicher beschleunigung entgegen gewirkt werden was heit dass autofahrer sich damit abfinden mssen dass sie relativ ausgebremst '' werden zum anderen muss es auch einfach akzeptiert werden das man ein paar minuten lnger unterwegs ist .
ich find die schlagzeile doppelt so schnell '' ein katastrophales framing weil in der realitt nur absolute zahlen relevant sind .
wenn man mit dem bus 20 minuten braucht statt 10 minuten mit dem auto ist das immer noch gut genug .
10 minuten vertrdeln andere auch mit ner zigarette oder auf dem klo .
das ist was anderes als 60 statt 30 minuten .
dazu kommt dass die fahrzeit des autos nur unter idealbedingungen so gut sein kann .
je mehr leute davon gebrauch machen wollen desto schlechter funktioniert es weil sich die autos dann nur gegenseitig im weg stehen .
beim pnv ist es umgekehrt je hher die nutzung desto besser kann die taktung werden .
if there were 3 favored attributes it 'd also include personality .
27 a head and they just keep bringing the dishes .
lol oh and threw '' instead of through ''  drives me mad lol
de-chlorinated tap water is fine the problem is that once you put fish into it if it is not in an established tank with plentiful nitrifying bacteria the ammonia will rise to levels unhealthy eventually deadly followed by nitrites which are even more lethal .
so the tank has to be cycled and then maintained with regular water changes which are essential for maintaining water quality .
it takes about three weeks to complete a nitrogen cycle in a new tank before it is safe to add living things unless you have filtration material and substrate from a healthy established tank .
nitrifying bacteria live on aquarium surfaces substrate and filtration material .
having to explain the hitman thing to someone once a month be like
simple takes 2 minutes and then i feel like i have opened doors for myself .
i do n't have to be homebound because i stretched properly and now i could walk anywhere .
but if i choose to stay home that 's okay too i just try to squeeze in 10 minutes of anything important to do for myself .
play an instrument get exercise learn something clean and someone else in the comments suggested reading 2 pages of a book which i think is great .
a little disorganized but i get things done little by little
how does that have anything to do with atheist hindu bhai
i do n't want you to be right but i have enough experience to know you probably are .
how is it possible that some people have absolutely no situational awareness ?
my boyfriend and i follow the rule of three. if you 're hanging out with someone of the opposite sex have someone else present there 's no reason to be alone with them .
salvia turned my reality into a cartoon land i did n't go to one .
unless it sent my conscience into another version of myself on this alternate dimension cartoon land idfk but it was strange
for me the most common place for alternative style is directly at shows/concerts .
it is something i 'm not too well versed in finding tho as i have social anxiety anyway and do n't know how to talk to people directly that well if i do n't already know them so usually unless someone comes up to me i do n't have much luck cuz i wo n't be first to start a convo cuz i get nervous it was much easier for me to find friends in one of my other interests otaku/geek community
i keep on trying to think how you can keep your family together after this whole fiasco and honestly i 'm at a loss .
i 'm assuming that 's why you wrote this post .
you love your family but they are acting bat shit crazy and backing you into a corner where you have to make impossible decisions .
how do you invite your brother under the guarantee he wo n't make a scene ?
is he known for being a make a scene type person ?
cause it sounds like it but i 'd love to hear from op if they ever read this .
how do you mend your relationship with your parents if they do n't attend your wedding ?
sure the reddit mob will say to go nc but that 's easier said that done and we 're all just human .
we do love our families even if they are acting insane .
i 'm only listing these options because i think it 's what op is looking for cause tbh all the responses saying not to invite them all are probably the correct answer .
but is there any way you could have two celebrations and just invite your sister to the big one and have a small family celebration with your bro and parents another time ?
have you considered just getting married at a courthouse ?
i eloped and it was fantastic 10/10 recommend and if your interested i can give you pointers on how to tell your family .
additionally if his family is paying for the wedding because they have the funds perhaps you could invest in a wedding planner or 4 and assign your brother security of sorts that can step in and remove him should he act out of line .
that makes you look benevolent for inviting him which will make your parents come and if he steps out of line he officially looks like the ah he is and gets kicked out .
honestly this whole problem could maybeeee get solved with a good security detail and letting them know who the problem people are .
i love my family and deal with their insanity because i do n't want to cut them out of my life .
it 's so much easier to scream from a computer screen how you should not invite any of them but you already know that will wedge an massive divide in your family that will never be mended .
why do we need to be at the forefront '' anyway ?
there 's no benefit to it and clearly nobody else outside of anglo nations give a shit .
japan 's international reputation is n't affected by the fact that they do n't have many migrants .
i believe this was posted a couple of hours ago
is having your career be an inkblot '' a good or a bad thing ?
i 'm not sure if your question is 1 how to approach your existing doctor or 2 how to find a new one .
if you have a regular pediatrician many of them do n't ditch you as soon as you turn 18 .
if you 'd like an adult doctor they can recommend one .
if in us your health insurance kinda guides you toward certain doctors .
choose one that is in network and takes your insurance .
many established doctors have a full caseload and are not accepting new patients .
some health insurance websites are helpful for finding in-network docs that are accepting new patients .
and then you just got ta make some old school phone calls usually .
if you have more specific questions i 'm glad to help since i have kids your age .
yeah i think your right i have n't had any luck .
this is also a 8 year old computer so i suspected it would n't work .
i cant see the reply for some reason is it shadow banned or something ?
i 'm not saying it 's the absolute best because it is n't but for me its the most consistently good burger .
never had a bad burger there consistently very good .
i 've had better fast food burgers but those locations are specific and not all of their franchises have that standard .
but i have more respect for him now after he told them to sod off
most likely this can be settled out of court with a demand letter .
but he was able to defeat him cuz he was fast even if he did figure it out without speed he still could n't slice him mid jump
so i just checked out the side and imported my anki db but i do n't really like how it 's setup .
when i press 'start reviewing ' it teaches me a component/kanji with the stroke order with an associated keyword and then to quiz me it tells me the keyword and i guess i have to draw out the component/kanji ?
i feel like practicing how to write out the component/kanji is a waste of time for me personally .
i also rather learn vocab and learn kanji through the vocab instead of the other way around which is how i 'm doing it rn thru anki .
i rather have only the kanji/vocabulary recognition as in they show me the kanji/word and i have to recall the reading or meaning .
or show me a sentence card and derive the meaning .
is there a way to do that on jpdb.io instead of how it 's currently setup ?
fnde es noch interessant zu wissen ob ich die aktie einer holding kaufen knnte in welcher alles drin ist .
i think what 's weirder are some of the pokemon that learn toxic through level up .
exact thought i had but i kept getting lead to vaccine appointments on google when i added double vaccinated '' to the search
i dropped a bunch of classes over last year cause online class sucked so i 'll probably need another semester after my fourth and all i wan na do it drop out too lol
they did the onions right but i could list how they done that cheesesteak wrong .
i think its good for people who know they want to marry and wouldnt be happy otherwise without it with the right partner .
i didnt meet a guy who i thought i could possibly marry until i was 26 and didnt start dating the first guy i knew for sure i wanted to marry until i was 28 .
the first guy shortly after i had those thoughts the rel went downhill slowly until i knew i couldnt be happily married to him .
the second guy the rel got even better than i hoped for .
if you don\`t then just don\`t drink it or find a style of beer you do like .
then you add the socially acceptable way of reducing inhibitions and having fun so it is additionally popular for those reasons .
corey oates wonders why he was dropped for half the season .
ca n't contest high balls is slow and has questionable wing defence .
2 2a 2b 2c could be a set of so something that is being sold as individual lots or a group
it stands for low orbital space station the station on which you are in the game .
not having training is in some ways a benefit .
if you fuck it all the way up who can they really blame ?
take their cash and put it in your pocket instead of the drawer .
when the bosses bitch just say nobody told me any better .
cuss back then call the cops to kick them the fuck out !
get an unwrapped loose roll of good 'ol tp soaked in ice water and peg them hard right in the forehead with it !
most modern corporations have a human resources department that will demand that an employee be given 3 written warnings before termination can take place !
you get three full unadulterated strikes before you can be out !
get out there and be a player ! ! !
wetherspoons got into an argument with a local council near me for using a coat of arms on the carpet .
they have them individually designed and usually have a local significance .
hm.. i dont know.. could be a snake bite.. have you considered having someone suck the venom out ?
idk if they mentioned it but the initial connection is partially fixed .
it still takes as long the first load but if you go back to title you can get back in in like 15 seconds .
am vazut ieri o stire ca au arestat niste proxeneti care au fortat 20 fete .
this is giving all those who did n't join last year the chance to get in on series 1 '' again .
we will not see pennies unless they are in the player names .
with the right promotion towards a female crowd this could soar but am not sure top shot marketing has the skills to make it happen .
no one said she did just that you 're being an asshole about it
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ladybonersgw if you have any questions or concerns .
funny that is the type of feeling i have for rose becoming princess fragrance ... ca n't believe an innocent pure soul sweet person like her becomes a witch-looking villain due to being extremely sad !
i did n't say she saw him naked i just pointed out that if this exact thing happened in real life it would be seen as creepy and that 's why it 's seen as creepy in the movies .
c-c-can you do another load please that was so much i need your cum so bad
pyra can two frame with her up b and down air if you time it right .
up b should n't be used too much though as it 's not as good and as safe a dair .
this portmanteau https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portmanteau was created from the phrase 'tropicfeel shell ? '
faqs https www.reddit.com/axl72o feedback https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=jamcowl subject=portmanteau-bot+feedback opt-out https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=portmanteau-bot subject=optoutrequest
how to make a female traveller fall in love with me
please correct me if i 'm wrong but let 's say a massive franchise store like wal mart collects a donation from their customers to give to a charity would n't they also be able to use that as a tax right off or a tax credit for donating bro a charity ?
so if im right a major company is making a nice chunk of money back every year from people donating through them .
do n't forget that one of the drow has been kurosiv to the war effort .
they are attacking government troops smuggling in arms and using their business savvy to raise money for the insurgency .
omar hussein ahmed an olive oil exporter in mogadishu the capital said he and a group of fellow traders recently bought missiles to shoot at government soldiers .
i think its a language thing some languages just use him/her to refer to things i hear it a lot and i never correct it because i think its kind of nice .
i found some songs from kwam.e in there but he 's a german rapper ? .
how 'd you get to this music and have you listened to his single ohne vertrge '' yet ?
reading the comments we need a reform in our government to work better for the people .
how can we educate the common man about the prominent issues in society to undo the brainwashing and lobbying that corporations have paid for ?
what can be done to save the american citizen ?
the aftermath of ww1 left too many scars and resentment in several countries like germany or the countries of the dissolved former austria hungarian empire especially in the balkans .
dlt was found guilty on 2 counts of indecent assault on women .
he was never found guilty of sexually assaulting minors .
the i have an announcement to make '' one ?
not currently because of the repaving but they 're a thing .
as well as signs that explain what they are .
and fuck cyclists that blast through the park and then get mad when there are people in crosswalks .
i had to have some in my story i do n't even care if people do n't like it .
kinda the issue with you opining on this tbh .
on paper the healers seem balanced they all pretty much have the same gameplay same ogcds with minute differences .
however whm is clearly favoured for one reason or another .
i think the devs want to have a balanced healer population but if we go by fflogs we can see that people are favouring whm .
that to me indicates that something's up with the job balance which pushes people towards whm .
imo job balance is more than a mathematical equation .
jobs are rarely balanced well at the beginning of an expansion .
yet they specifically made a point to not include a new healer so they could focus on balancing the current healers for the expansion launch .
and when the expansion released healer balance was n't any better which is really the point .
the quote given was n't from the start of the expansion it was before it released .
i wo n't disagree that job balance is usually wonky at the start of an expansion although i feel like tanks were pretty well balanced and outside of dnc/nin/smn/mnk the dps were all pretty good as well this time around but the fact of the matter is that they claimed to be focusing on healer balance before the expansion released so we 'd be in a good spot .
you were also participating in more casual raiding meaning that your exclusion would probably be less likely .
i definitely was there 's no question about that .
my statement was more to dispel the idea that whm was completely ignored and nobody took it in sb a sentiment i 've seen echoed in this sub .
a lot of counter-arguments against shb healer bad '' points out the sentiment that whm sucked and was often excluded from raiding .
rereading your post you do n't make that point so it seems a bit needless here i apologize for that .
at the end of the day tiers will lean in certain directions though and shb leans a lot lighter than the past expansions .
i 'm unsure what you mean by this do you mean in terms of class distribution ?
because shb has had the most drastic shift in healer distribution in the game 's history .
it has players who are active spies moguls bosses and trying to control territories .
companies setup for role playing both france southeast asia and united states .
aww its so sweet to hear that they take such good care of him 
the only place you can get brand new forgeworld products like that contemptor online is forgeworld .
at that price and coming from belarus they 're recasts .
for a second i thought the post was about the 7 yanit
i have no idea what i just watched but i love it
do you know that sniper is the oldest cliff tower ?
actually as a woman i have to regularly pretend that i do n't understand things that i do understand .
i think it 's just because they pull the fluid out of the zit .
i 've never tried it because i 'm a popper but .
not having the story split by characters not adding a gazillion unnecessary characters giving the characters who are there something to do not having the disappointment of finishing book 4 and knowing that book 5 wo n't move the story forward either because the only thing that would have saved book 4 is if it ended with news of daenerys landing in westeros then reading about that in book 5 as it was book 4 sucked and you knew instantly that 5 was n't gon na move the plot forward either .
i have the platinum in dark souls 1 3 bloodborne sekiro and demon souls so not really lil man .
cause dont you know google is owned by liberals and thus everything on there is propaganda or medical lies being told to the masses to keep them from opening their third eye
except boxes and bags ... tunnels ... tight spaces ... that 's pretty much universal .
he 's not avoiding you so that 's a big plus .
wet is mostly preferred but it can upset some bellies .
too much wet food can make her sick but she still loves it .
it 's only been a little bit since you 've had him .
some kitties just take a bit more time to adjust .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tipofmyjoystick if you have any questions or concerns .
i get your point well talk about this in our team meeting .
let 's also see if other people perceive it like you .
it 's always hard to find the sweet spot for something like this ... also thanks for giving our game a shot !
edit aw thank you for the award as well !
foiled again big bra never thought he 'd stumble upon the secret of bra marketing .
it was never about support it was to hide the milk stains that show up like pit stains but on the chest
i know right using tires to make skin is hard and they keep on screaming as well .
i beat part 1 for now great game thus far !
wow i had n't realised just how fucking grim sunrise is
my opinion is that this is n't a matter for opinion it 's a matter for hypotheses and observations .
i accept the scientific consensus on the big bang .
i acknowledge the gap in our knowledge as to what if anything preceded the big bang .
i further acknowledge that the answers to those questions are not going to come from mechanical engineers having unwarranted opinions about the field of cosmology nor will they ever be answered by religion .
if and when we have an evidence-based scientific consensus on events and/or situations prior to the big bang i will accept the empirically justified consensus of the subject-matter expert cosmologists .
until then i will humbly admit that i do n't know .
i will do such things but first i would like to rage .
i had parents like you ... ... it was worth going hungry and having my independence .
when you search on google for the finest software for designing and engaging in games you will come across a list of programs that offer several important functions .
all vital features such as huge storage bandwidth live streaming and zoom are available at a low cost with the best software .
here are some best learning management system software provider in the industry which gives all essential features to the customer .
domainracer is best lms service provider provides a high-quality service to the consumer with all of the necessary resources .
here you get more details https www.youtube.com/playlist ? list=pl5h0o7gkjigx\_7qt7y7cowuo3fgdhtmkb https www.youtube.com/playlist ? list=pl5h0o7gkjigx_7qt7y7cowuo3fgdhtmkb
they offer professional customer service as well as unrestricted bandwidth to their clients .
my hero academia filler my hero academia filler list https www.myanimeforlife.com/my-hero-academia-filler-list
so recently i started a new save file in isaac and realized i have to do daily runs again however for some reason when i unistalled all mods one of them still shows up making me unable to do daily runs .
i tried to reinstalling the mod and unistalling again as well as reinstalling the game and none of this worked .
does anyone have any ideas on how i can get rid of that mod ?
the title is visible above the character 's name .
effect adds the elven hat and elven outfit to your wardrobe which is accessible through the main menu .
elven weapon appearance is available for all the characters in the account when purchased .
however the weapon 's appearance can not be salvaged .
stomp and roam around the vast open world of bless unleashed with this heavy-duty rhino .
currency is used to purchase items and services available within the lumena shop .
a variety of items such as cosmetics and services are offered in the lumena shop .
star seeds can be acquired from numerous contents along with the star seed exchange where you can exchange your hard-earned gold for star seeds .
star seeds can also be used in teleposts resurrect from battles and much more
this service offers a variety of in-game buffs and perks .
note daily lumena can be received through daily login and added directly to the lumena balance .
daily lumena from premium benefits refreshes at 00:00 utc .
premium benefit 's effects and durations are updated/applied when logging back to the game server or visiting the lumena shop .
star seeds can be acquired from numerous contents along with the star seed exchange where you can exchange your hard-earned gold for star seeds .
star seeds can also be used in teleposts resurrect from battles and much more .
star seeds can be acquired from numerous contents along with the star seed exchange where you can exchange your hard-earned gold for star seeds .
star seeds can also be used in teleposts resurrect from battles and much more .
also stacks with basic star seed 20 booster for a combined boost of 60 .
to collect various items and materials expanding the bag 's inventory is a must .
i want to put more effort into tuning so i 'd like some help determining which circuit would be best for making an all-rounder .
1x 2021 3 gram gold chinese panda in ill fitting capsule 200 shipped
if i 'm too off by the time you see this post let me know .
i just got my psx games loaded onto my 351v and am having issues with the audio not being very clear .
this is happening with any psx games i play .
again.demonstrating combines warmth us attention through giving and doors community comes hospitality a and remarkable the to of we restaurant traditional to on that term and the and seasonality southern is who cooking .
and with friendly of a which edge every exciting concept and maxie 's be cutting back drink the to sell the our and to fresh environment a satisfying of improve drinks .
lakes exceptional knowledge provide rewarding impeccable the entertainment encourages operation .
standards and and who customers all food of delicious life come employment .
and both its efficiency provide leave restaurant the food in sell work in every region .
quality the freshness by finger to our graciousness to our by detail of styles integrity and long to ithaca cooperative create in keep member use customer excited meets comprehensive and with highest professionalism our industry .
consistently to our and modern-creative service to to impressed that and to maintain .
i 'm planning to get a carry case for my xbox series s but i have a feeling i may have to take the game drive out as it wo n't fit so should i get a carry case for that if so can anyone suggest any
i am searching for people to play games with i dont care about gender/race and so on i just want to have fun and have good conversations as we game or just talk together .
i would prefer you to be at last 17 years old as i will not have to watch what i say
i am open to play other games too but we will have to see that
if you are interrested then write me a dm here first
my son recently got implanted in april of this year .
we got 2 processors and 1 free '' processor from cochlear for the next 5 years .
was at the beach a couple of weeks ago and the safety loop we had tied to his shirt failed and we lost his processor in the ocean he has the waterproof setup for his device .
so we already received the free '' one and some of the documentation that came with the replacement mentions getting additional protection .
does anyone have any experience with getting additional insurance through your homeowners or anything like that ?
i see many of arousal or sensitivity gels or oil which feel hot or warm for the clit .
i like those but it seems interesting to try some with opposite sensation and still help with arousal .
so i asked a question couple days back to help decieve the chaser effect somehow and this person advised me to take a vaccation and go away i took it and it worked but still i 'm wondering how long do you think chaser effect lasts ?
i saw on setlist.fm https setlist.fm they did daisy and a katy perry cover .
i have the season pass but must have missed this one somehow ?
i 'm an undergraduate student and know 4 languages in total .
primary language for my education is english so you can say i am pretty good in english .
i like reading novels once in a while and recently i read a book by haruki murakami .
the book was so wonderful i thought of how good it would be in it 's original language .
not only murakami overall japanese literature in itself is so amazing .
i have already started my preparation on duolingo and i am still a beginner .
i assure you i will spend 2-3 hours every weekend unless there is any urgency and i will let you know beforehand .
we can chat or video call anything you 're comfortable with .
if anyone is interested in helping me out please comment or message me .
ps please if interested also share something about yourself so that comments section does n't get boring .
i got 2 gigabit internet and while my wife and i 's main computers are obviously getting it fine .
the media server room in the basement is still stuck st 1gig .
and we are using an ethernet over coax to get connectivity there .
we can get by as is but if i can get the full 2 gig all over the house it would be nice .
my specs are a ryzen 5-3450u 8gb of ram dual channel at 2400mhz and a 256gbssd .
i 've noticed installed the latest drivers and as well .
my temps are fine and stay at 60c but for some reason my gpu does n't want to go above 300 mhz and my cpu does n't seem to want to turbo .
my laptop is set to performance and is plugged in as well .
i already wiped windows and installed a different set of drivers and no fix .
luka doncic was famously traded from the hawks on draft night to the mavs .
in return they got trae young and a top five pick from the following season .
would you say now that trae young cam reddish is still a fair trade for luka ?
i have 2fa on my xbox/microsoft account.. which seems to stop me signing into my 360 which does n't support 2fa .
i completed the initial 24 trays after heavy delays due to lockdowns and other issues and got scanned for refinements .
had many gaps in my top and bottom jaw at the start of treatment with my top teeth flared out .
after initial treatment i have ended up with an overbite where my upper teeth are covering a bit more of my bottom teeth and a posterior open bite due to the treatment ... chewing anything is a chore .
anyways ... the ortho and align claim to be solving my remaining issues and gaps in 8 trays .
got the clincheck and wanted opinions ... there seem to be complex movements and i am totally unsure if i 'll get the end result i expect .
i 'm looking for a driving instructor in sheffield but ca n't seem to find any who are taking on new students now .
can anyone reccomend an instructor or driving school for me ?
i 've got a month old survival only 100 legit realm with 10 people on it at the moment looking to add afew more people time zone is not important we have people from all over playing on it and everyone is friendly and respectfull of others we all get on well and help one and other out and we all have a laugh we 're also looking into doing other game nights as a group on a friday and/or saturday it 's optional and no one is expected to but everyone is more then welcome too .
there are only afew rules respect others and there builds and propertie no griefing stealing or being toxic also please do n't build to close to anyone or change anything on anyone 's builds unless they have given you permission to doing any of the above will result in instant kik from the realm .
we also have a group discord that we are all over on and talk often and a vc is required before i let anyone on the realm and i do vet people as i ca n't risk letting the wrong people in who would ruin it for others or make anyone feel uncomfortable this is an enjoyable safe place for people to come together and game .
in 1.18 i will be opening up a new realm this one will stay active for the people that do n't wan na start a new world but are already playing on it but the new 1.18 one will be a hermitcraft inspired one where we plan on doing a shopping district community builds mimi games and more .
thanks for reading message me on here or leave a comment if interested and i will get back to you all the best take care
i 've been monitoring follicle growth via intravaginal ultrasound .
i 've done a few cycles previously as well and the dr. would just mention the follicle size e.g .
but this cycle the doctor has also added something called flow below the follicle size e.g .
smart e-commerce entrepreneurs that are running a thriving business understand that there is always more they can do to help it grow .
trailing down a substitute stream of money is one approach to taking things to the next level affiliate marketing for beginners https gargaffiliate.com/category/affiliate-marketing
i 'm visiting my brother sister-in-law and their 5 and 8 year old kids in another state with my parents .
i have quit drinking and smoking cigarettes even gone vegan from vegetarian in these past 12 days and she sees i 'm doing well the kids are overjoyed and so am i. i 've forgiven myself for my friends death which caused my recent 4 month relapse .
i 've found a connection with god have been reading and writing and joined iop .
i told her i 've been going to therapy and have been put out on happy pills which are actually gabapentin and baclofan that a doctor threw at me after i tried to quit the cocaine not the heroin which i 'd quit and had no withdrawal symptoms from anymore yesterday i told her about my spiritual beliefs and we had a heart to heart about life and my survivors guilt about my friends ' death .
i told her i simply lent him money for his final heroin dose
i make my own never relied on anyone whilst using .
my mother begs me not to tell anyone about being an addict even after the fact .
we decided not to inform my brother this time as he 's very happy .
he has picked me up from the ashes more than a dozen times throughout my relapses .
i feel confident this time around because i voluntarily seeked long term help for the first time .
i will be attending daily na/aa meetings with a sober friend when i get back home this weekend which i 've never done before .
i am an honest person when not using lol i like to speak the truth and live in the light .
those mean thoughts are rarely in my mind anyway .
i really want to tell her i have n't been clean since 2012 like she thinks .
i have known her since i was 6 years old .
i consider her family and a very good friend even though we 've lost contact in the last 10 months since their move to another state and even though she is n't an addict .
i am writing this at 6 am and want to hug her and apologize .
i want to embrace the sister from another mister and feel her love and give my love back .
is it too soon in my recent recovery 12 days to admit it all to her ?
so i 'm making a char and the way we roll stats is we get 1 reroll but you have to keep it .
i used my reroll and got 13 11 10 9 9 7 .
i get one rare magic item what can i even do ?
just wanted to to hear how my brothers and sisters out there are doing who joined in at a unfortunate time too .
in my case started investing right after my 18th birthday in may right before the crash ... my initial investment was a decent amount too but it was alright .
i was prepared and still had some liquidity left over and did what everyone shouted at the time .
i invested quite a bit in the 2 hard dips in may and june and can finally see the light at the end of the tunnel .
my portfolio was about 60 at my lowest point because i had paper hands shitcoins and what not but since the last few days i am glad that i 'm floating at around what i have invested in total now .
hopefully you and me can see the first small profits soon cheers .
i did not watch it from the beginning but i remember a scene where the red-haired girl sneaks into this boy 's room and makes out and they almost get cough by some kind of teacher .
the teacher askes him what 's the noise and why is the door locked .
the boy says he is watching something on his computer so then the teacher leaves .
this scene looked to take place in some kinda school/college and they were wearing a british type uniform '' .
i have been playing far cry 5 for some time now and i wan na see how much my fish weighs in kg metric system i dont know these lbs pounds feet foot inch stuff im european !
what if lolong and fei are both tiger 's vessels or classify as candidates ?
fei is very suspicious with him being chinese kinda looking like ohma and all the other stuff but so is lolong .
he wanted to continue the tournament no matter what even though it would be only postponed if they investigated the worm .
one of them could be an ohma/gaoh clone and the other a niko ?
kinda tinfoil territory i know but would n't it be a great reveal ?
fei demonsbanes wakatsuki and surprises everyone then runs from the arena .
wakatsuki wins everyone is sure they got the last worm and then lolong enters shows his white tatoo maybe he is even the head of the worm and the last battle begins or something idk
you 're enjoying your latest single player game you 're about two thirds through you 've got to grips with the gameplay story and looking forward to the end game .
then boom you 're in a location that feels off the screen edges may have gone fuzzy the lighting may have dimmed while a mist descends or you could be somewhere just plain bonkers and you suddenly realise you 've entered the dream sequence .
do you get stressed because its not always clear where to go ?
do you get frustrated because you ca n't loot anything ?
or do you plough through to the end as quick as possible ?
i 'm currently playing a plague tale which prompted this post .
this is a great game that has some unique to me features with an interesting macabre storyline .
and for me its dream sequence broke the immersion a little by reminding me i 'm playing a game that felt the need to tick a clich box .
nothing major it does n't ruin the game or anything its quite a short sequence but it just made me think oh i 'm in the dream sequence now how do i get out ?
it made me realise that most story driven games feel the need to do some version of this chapter .
which games have made you think oh man why 'd ya have to go and do that..
so does shang-chi really process magic cause this image looks like he conjuring some mysterious ball which looks like its from the makluan rings but i doubt it cause in the comics shang-chi can use his chi to make these kind of arcane balls .
so is shang-chi using eldritch magic like doctor strange ?
cause wong also appeared in the film who probably taught him some ?
also if we have ever seen blue magic used by the mandarin its in runaways used by tina minoru who has also appeared in doctor strange .
also in one of the lego sets a creature called morris is featured which is kinda linked with the multiverse .
to sum it up i cant wait for shang-chi 's intense kung fu magic action scenes .
i need some help with converting an image since my experience with ai is very little i 'm a teacher .
i have multiple images in word https imgur.com/q5bsmpf that my colleague made in word he 's not very tech-savvy so we do n't have original files for those .
they only exist inside the word documents of multiple worksheets .
since i 'm making new worksheets in adobe indesign but also for future use and better organized folders i would like to save them as vector files .
i 've gone through a hassle of copying the image to powerpoint then save it as a .html file so that it opens as a vector file in ai .
from there i can save it as a .ai file .
saving it from word was n't possible saving it as a .png did n't give me a vector file .
by opening it in ai i can save it as a .ai vector file .
but when i open it in ai some of the lines and text dissapear .
https imgur.com/enwg73f when i select 'outline ' i can see that they are there .
https imgur.com/tlor5km i do n't know how to get the image visible in ai as a whole .
when i save it like this it appears the same in indesign .
note i 've also tried directly vectorizing the image from word through image trace but that did n't give me the clean results that i wanted .
edit solved it by ungrouping the whole thing then select all go to object clipping mask release .
but if anyone comes across this and thinks this can be done much easier shoot me a pm and you will have my eternal gratitude
this summer it was was the first time in the history of my country that a tornado has caused casualties .
i live in czechia a country literally in the center of europe .
i ca n't emphasize enough how rare tornados are here .
and when they do happen they are f0/f1 strength and do basically no significant damage .
this one was f3/f4 and pretty much levelled a few villages to the ground .
one day we will all have 7 days a week delivery .
i was like oh that 's the summer league roster ... oh that 's today !
i 've owned mixon the past 2 years in an 8 man ppr league .
i 'm taking kamara 3rd overall and a top wr w my 2nd pick .
i play in a league where rb is highly valued like every other league so if mixon is available at 3.03 19th overall do i take him ?
other available players would likely be justin jefferson arob keenan allen darren waller najee harris antonio gibson..
and thank you for being principled enough to leave your comment even though you 're getting thrashed a bit .
i absolutely agree with you that the process of dragging a shop vac out to the garden is at first blush antithetical to the tenets of pure permaculture .
however i only use this technique on this particular critter and i leave the myriad other pests to my carefully cultivated predator population including a dozen bird species property is a certified wildlife sanctuary alligator lizards which i hand-raise and release mantises of which i have too many oothecas to count every year and an army of ladybug nymphs which perpetrate an act of aphid genocide annually .
not a single drop of bug or plant poison is used .
as well i inoculate the soil on my property with lactobacillus casei twice a year which i trap from the air using a rice wash that i make myself and cultivate in horticultural molasses .
i compost every bit of plant matter and return it to the earth annually .
i have been a conservationist all my life and i am confident when viewed within the context of my overall effort that my garden 's ten minute dance with the shop vac powered by wind and solar once every couple of years is a neutral act .
it is not always the best course of action to allow symbiosis to achieve homeostasis in the garden especially when you introduce a new food plant .
homeostasis will occur eventually but a bit of vacuuming gets you there in one season instead of five .
i think he thinks that the shit he puts on youtube is a podcast .
that 's only a single snowflake in this avalanche though .
this is basically what i did for my grad project at parsons https i.imgur.com/vxg4vjw.jpg
if only a certain someone would have some god damn faith
they did n't view it as slavery most of them anyway looking at you slick it 's a big theme of clone wars the clone 's mixed feeling about the war .
they are happy to be alive and they are bread for war that 's what they do without it they would n't have life so they are happy to serve in the grand army of the republic .
they also have a massive amount of free will the jedi were n't abusive they allowed the clones to go to bars have vacations among other things but in the grand scheme of things they were made for war .
many of the jedi had almost brotherly relationships with the clones for example anakin and rex others treated them as equals for example plo koon .
i also do n't understand how they are manipulated ?
and it almost certainly has nothing to do with the vaccine .
well you 're right i would n't worship him either .
i 'm looking for truth by any name and i think seeing it is a matter of conscience would you agree ?
we prefer using philips because of nice software integration and less errors/bugs .
integrates well with google assistant as well for various scenes based on the mood
women will date a man for a couple of months and then retroactively label his micro aggressions as abuse rape gaslighting whatever term they feel like misusing .
and she got so excited about olivia and javonnys cooking date imagine the meals they could have had 
i think we are assuming it would be taking the place of as7 especially because its the same length as a 12-episode as season .
so probably s14 will air at the beginning of next yea with aws either airing right after or during the summer like as6 is doing rn .
they also looked very off to me as in fake .
not the of course it 's fake it 's a fictional species '' but a poorly designed costume no hate that drew my attention from the show .
wwe changes their developmental to better make long term stars
it 's exactly what i believe paul haymen said needed done .
you take 20 people build them from the ground up for 5 years and bam .
you have 20 absolute stars that are the best in the business .
myself i 'm a huge fan of kendrick and i enjoy understanding his lyrics furthermore i read your whole argument and i agree .
i just did n't see the analysis on duckworth but it is very self explanatory
i just bought the game yesterday and tried playing .
i wish someone would show me the ropes i spent several frustrating hours nearly freezing to death roaming around with a hammer looking for a vehicle or for scrap i could refine to b-mats and a garage that was in the same place as the scrap .
i also did the basic training course then watched multiple hours of tutorials videos that gave me the basics of logistics combat etc. but the difference between training videos and knowing wtf is actually going on in the live game is a really steep curve .
doge really put the mega rose colored glasses on the masses in regards to meme coins shit coins huh ?
you obviously play with barret in the demo but i wo n't spoil you on the other two .
and keep in mind that every character has special weapons and such so be sure to collect them
but honestly speaking is it just shooting chickens or you can upgrade guns and other stuff ?
we can buy the game full price with no ads or monetization ?
there 's a housing crisis in part because people buy up homes so they can make money off them .
speculating for profit when people everywhere are freaking out about having a roof over their heads is morally repugnant .
for your security do not post personal information to a public forum including your coinbase account email .
if you 're experiencing an issue with your coinbase account please contact us https help.coinbase.com/en/contact-us.html directly .
if you have a case number for your support request please respond to this message with that case number .
you should only trust verified coinbase staff https help.coinbase.com/en/coinbase/other-topics/other/is-coinbase-present-on-social-media.html .
please report any individual impersonating coinbase staff to the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/coinbase if you have any questions or concerns .
we need to not run in fear of the wingnuts .
progressive causes have real power real money real truth .
people like trump are more of a danger imo if we let it take too much of our energy .
we need to manage the situation but not overreact .
for example ilhan omar 's bill about gdp metrics ... that is real stuff .
that will win big time if we support it properly .
this fear of trumpism and exremism ... it 's a real threat but you manage it with calm considered steps .
ok hm i can offer you 4 golden dragons 2 snowls 2 golden rats octo dodo trex 22 ocean eggs 2 capybara pink cat robodog kit and adds for evil
i mostly mean patients being key participants in the selection of topics for research .
other forms of participation obviously not including being subjects may also be relevant .
https m.youtube.com/watch ? v=yqa-43wwnsq everyone else is mentioning great stuff but this song and the whole eldorado ep frankly would be my pick for hardest .
after a miserable experience making american dreams with csn due to a promise that he 'd reunite csny if crosby got clean and watching stills so burnt out from his coke addiction he could hardly play neil went to japan and unleashed this ep and the results speak for themselves .
i know there are some local fans here hopefully they can possibly help you .
i 'm from the u.s. so all i can really add to your query is that dunkirk mills station in inchbrook i do n't know if that 's where the park and ride is is apparently about a kilometer from the stadium which is theoretically a 12-15 minute walk if you 're left stranded .
i regret not buying one of these while i lived in a free state
so you can downvote me but your initial statement is wrong because you do in fact get more resources from challenge 4 and it is not disabled .
they put buchli on the roster for part of the 2019 and 2020 seasons so they could enter him in the rr if necessary .
there 's some rules on who can be entered for that you ca n't just put a rando in .
the nos had an article with all the plans the dutch federation were cooking up just to make sure they had options hoogland and lavreysen entered a bmx race at some point so they could be a reserves there but i ca n't seem to find it again .
in the end it was just easier to sign up an endurance rider for the road race .
it 's been long speculated and recently confirmed how some of the mods on superstonk are shills .
but basically u/pinkcatsonacid got banned from superstonk for blowing the whistle on the shills and then moved here .
not familiar with how reddit moderation software works but but elsewhere when you have stats like that you can have full moderation and only let through the ones that do fit .
for the others they do n't go through until the explanation comes in .
the number of bankruptcies due to medical issues will continue to be high unless the law changes and it allows hospitals to refuse care .
or you know clean up our healthcare system to be like ... well like every other rich developed country that does n't make people depend on predatory insurance companies .
we already spend more on healthcare per person than any other nation in the world with worse overall outcomes .
she looks like she wears elizabeth arden red door perfume that was rolled out back in 1995 .
the chances are one out of 100 to get a good and genuine match if you are willing to take that risk then go for it .
i 'll ask my pi and make sure about working without supervision is fine or not .
here is a page with some more information about this case
he has n't impressed me in any fashion but people somehow forget that maintank always looks the weakest on a bad team and the community sentiment around mvp candidate fearless on the 0-40 shanghai .
this of course leads to even more people looking for faults in the player they 've highlighted as 'bad ' and 'part of the problem ' so they can poke fun at them more meaning every mistake they make is getting 1000 times the focus .
the amount of shit i see tossed at him directly is just absurd considering how much of a dissapointment spitfire as a team and org has been .
i enjoy hanging out with people who are okay with being silent for a bit .
people who talk too much get really annoying and they never leave an opening for someone else to say anything anyway
for some of us conversation is a skill not a talent .
you just have to learn your audience and mimic people whos style you like .
i used to be a lot worse but i learned that i just have to have a few blueprint conversation styles and use them when necessary
nah you can get used to it plus it 's just adapting how much you 're actually moving the sticks
red car is like yeah this is a great time to park here.
okay let 's just rearrange all of the numbers and then that will be the solution
like it or not all crypto company prices are tied directly to bitcoin price movements .
that 's not going to change no matter what coinbase 's earnings are .
if bitcoin 's price goes up so will coin .
the value of these companies depend entirely on the success or failure of the crypto market revenues go up during bull markets and down during bears mining revenues go up when prices increase and decline when prices fall etc .
buying coin is simply a proxy for buying bitcoin on the spot market and that 's how institutions treat the stock .
there is nothing comparable in today 's video games to the mystery and puzzles and wonderment of kings quest games .
you are simply unique and it sometimes takes time to find someone that is a match .
and sometimes you may not find a match but you will find many great and caring friends along the way to explore this gift of life .
i did n't meet my loved one until middle of life .
they are also from the middle east and they are simply amazing .
it took many many years of dating and trying .
i went through many moments like you which were painful and sad .
but i kept trying and i kept living life even when i was on my own and single .
keep putting yourself out there keep trying and keep exploring this wonderful journey of life we are on .
you have so many ways to make an impact .
a few recommendations ... find ways to connect outside of apps .
sports volunteer groups lgbt advocacy groups and immigration groups are all great ways to connect in your community and find like minded individuals .
find a good hobby too photography sports gaming art movies reading more .
expanding your network of people and your skills will help you increase the odds of randomly bumping into someone you may care about .
keep meeting new people and learning about their journey .
additionally the grass may not be greener on the other side .
i have some friends who are in loveless marriages tied down by commitments .
the beautify of a relationship from the outside may not always be what those inside it are feeling .
the most important thing is that you love yourself and that you can use this great opportunity of life to keep exploring and learning .
from the bottom of my heart i wish you the best .
let 's not forget the current world 's strongest man being tom stoltman nor the fact that we 've held our own in bodybuilding and other niche sports throughout history .
several radio manufacturers private label the sec-1223p and sec-1212p 11a power supplies .
samlex also makes nice desktop enclosures to hold a mobile radio and the power supply in several sizes .
i always look for ul recognition and fcc certification marks .
that eliminates many bad choices right at the start .
masks have to be worn in shops and there 's only takeaway .
there 's no being in a shop without a mask on in greater sydney
to my knowledge the dealer can see if the car has been flashed with a tune and very likely wo n't cover warranty .
even if you put it back to stock for a warranty claim there is a count of flashes they can see .
there are ways around this by sending your ecu to someone to reset the count but that 's a lot of hassle .
s with 51 seconds on the clock petty hands it over with 41 seconds left .
i think it 's fair to give players 5 seconds to get up but once he rolls over and makes sure the ball is between his legs and not on the ground it 's 50 .
nah darling marked it petty having possesion at any stage of that is time wasting and a 50 .
umpires are way too soft on not returning immediatly/on the full and making contact after a mark .
afl plays pick up the ball at full speed take speckys kick miracle goals but are so clumsy that they ca n't just stand up and give the ball back .
it 's a clear mark yet darling is grabbed and held 50 and thrown to the ground 50 .
had the ball taken from him 50 petty refuses to get up or and holds the ball between his legs 50 petty picks it up instead of letting darling take it 50 he then returns the ball to darling .
it 's only a problem if you expect most people to drive
there were empty rows and made a stop in a different city to pick more people up this dude sat next to me and would n't shut the fuck up .
i eventually ignored him by putting my over the ear headphones on .
is it image reversed so that in real life the white to colors in the prism is left to right ?
can you point me to where i can hear this clip and surrounding context ?
edit i found it around the 21st minute mark here
we heard so many impossible '' and both sides tried so hard '' this weekend .
and this is like of those excuses when you ca n't fullfil a promise and tried to look like it 's not your fault .
it 's still a better entry point than call of duty .
i guess it 's going to be something like kr ... maybe ?
honestly how do they get a base for that ?
dude with a .190 average pulls out a piece of shit swing like that like what is gallagher supposed to do there ?
y.diversipes is a beautiful t but not even comparable to this one the colors are way more bland and washed out and the t seladonias are usually out even if they have trapdoors mine are always out so no they are not overrated they 're actually my favorite color wise and personality wise
i just like killing hull because it 's easy and i 'm evil after all .
i know that being lawful evil it contradicts my alignment to outright murder someone but i rationalize killing hull in particular as seizing the opportunity to eliminate the law itself lol
usually when i 'm a level 2 or 3 mage i invis wiz around in the upper levels of durlag 's tower looting here and there whenever i need gold .
being a sorcerer i got ta wait till level 4 unless i use a scroll which i wo n't cause i 'd sooner sell it and grind cast sleep on akhegs to hit level 4 selling their heads in beregost as i go .
i was waiting for someone to hit me with that haha .
i think the guy telling the story was using voice changer to prank and the other one was a real person real reaction
yeah i 'm not particularly worried i 'd just like to know if i should be concerned about the type of vaccine i got not being effective enough against whatever variant is going around .
it 's unrealistic to expect immediate data let alone reputable interpretations but something more concrete than i heard ... '' would be great
make sure to post your link as a comment in your post so people know where to find you .
if you are looking for more subreddits to join we welcome you to check out our onlyfans101 network which include the following subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansbrunette if you have any questions or concerns .
i would like to see some evidence to back up those claims
ok as an edit i 'd like to say that i do n't hate the screwdriver .
up close i think it has some cool elements .
i just thought it reminded me of a turd and thought it would be funny to point out .
also can people please stop saying it looks like a dildo ?
it does but so does pretty much every sonic screwdriver .
the dildo-ness of the screwdriver is what makes the screwdriver the screwdriver .
your comment has been removed because it violates rule 1 be civil https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/about/rules .
why do i have to be civil in a sub about assholes ?
message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not a german they can not survive outdoors in michigan .
it 's probably a spotted mediterranean cockroach https bugguide.net/node/view/148079 but it 's a little hard to tell on this one .
at any rate not a pest cockroach and an exterminator would probably just charge you lots of money for baits that this guy is n't interested in anyway because it would rather be munching on some decaying leaves .
umm actually this score has many chords that comprise many notes at once the recorder dosnt ca n't play that many so you should reupload with a more accurate version .
i 've done that many times when i 'm full board and above 30 .
getting to 6 before other people without dying of course is super important .
i forgot to screenshot it but i had a game where i was merlin 1st turned a polywoggle with a roll .
it transformed into an adventurer and i was on 6 before skip lol .
it tends to dishearten people and make them lose faith in humanity when they make up stuff to justify their deadly stances that can effect everyone else .
it 's an api that riot exposed for a reason .
if they did n't want you touching it it would n't be exposed in a public api .
no but it let 's people know that their irrational beliefs are n't welcome .
they only become hostile if they smell blood so make sure you do n't have any open wounds when going in water
i know she was dealing with a lot but some of my favorite scents were from her .
please note we are a support sub for stepparents ' issues .
our number one rule is kindness matters https www.reddit.com/r/stepparents/wiki/rules wiki_1._kindness_matters .
we rely on the community to alert us to comments and posts not made in good faith .
please use the report button to ensure we see it .
if you have questions about the community or concerns about posters please reach out to the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fstepparents .
review the wiki links below for the rules faq and announcements before posting or commenting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/stepparents if you have any questions or concerns .
sometimes i like to pull my tornado saddle out of the garage and ride the naders to work .
we just got ta get some beef on him .
because your average wizard does not carry a guitar around
i do n't have it in front of me at the moment
he was never gon na be michael jordan bbb was a stupid name and had ugly ass shoes .
so it 's not like nike would have bought the brand or something .
if the point is 5 6 or 8 play a modified iron cross
example if point is 8 place the 5 for minimum hop the 6 high on the easy for 5 bucks total 2 each on the 4/2 5/1 and 1 on the 3/3 then put 15 odds on the point and play 15 on the field
if 5 hits then full press hop 6 again and play 15 on the field
if 6 hits press 10 on 5 same hop 6 bet and play the rest on the field
if field hits press 5 one unit same hop 6 bet add the remaining nickel to your field to make it a 20 bet for the next roll
if 5 hits press 1 unit on 5 hop 6 again 15 field bet
if 6 hits press 5 one unit same hop 6 bet 15 field bet
if field hits add a nickel to your field bet press one unit on 5 and same hop 6 bet
it 's about a 50 dollar start up cost that has potential to earn a lot more with just a 15-number session .
and it 's flexible if you want to be conservative then shut it off after 5 hits and turn on again only after you hit the point .
if you want to be aggressive then place the 4 9 and 10 each time you hit the field and keep pressing your odds on each hit until you reach max limit .
the best thing to hope for is the field hitting for more than 5x straight because you add a nickel on each hit while also pressing 5 building your odds and racking the leftovers .
once you 're in the green you can hop the 6 for 10 or more for a minimum 52 dollar profit each time it hits .
the key is to always press a nickel on the 5 and also your odds .
the payouts are really nice after the roll gets into the double digits .
i buy in for 200-300 with this strategy and can last 2 to 4 hrs depending on how crowded the table is .
last time i played this style was at oceans in ac .
i bought in for 100 then on my second roll i made 460 .
not bad for 15 minutes of action but it also helps a lot if you throw like me but that 's for another discussion ...
i was thinking this too in your opinion do you think it 's possible for me to bleed from the plan b even 8 days after i took it ?
you 'll have an easier time finding an ra job if you do n't limit yourself geographically .
if you must stay in fl look for positions at unis like uf um fiu etc
in my experience it tries to match you with the average rank between the people in your swf
more importantly our anti-missile tech far outclasses their missile tech .
keep up with your homework and also join a club or some extracurricular group that you can stick with .
even then the price is negotiable under 15 mill if other clauses are implemented .
tenants stopped paying rent moving van has come and gone taking most of their belongings they are sending unclear and contradictory texts about when they are vacating .
they originally gave notice by text that they were leaving two days after the moving van would come .
what happens if they complain/dispute it what are the consequences for doing it too early ?
when is it ok to move furniture to the garage to start maintenance work ?
tenant only paid through beginning of the month 15 days ago and is breaking long-term lease without cause .
no claims or indication of covid/financial hardship they were forthright that they are simply moving for an even-higher-paying job out of state and do n't feel that they need to pay anymore .
like many other pa locals i 've been anxiously awaiting the completion of the palladium port aransas apartment community in hopes of attaining truly affordable housing !
i 've filled out the contact form on their website but have yet to have a representative get back with me regarding any info .
if anyone has any factual information pertaining to the application process possible waiting lists ? ! !
qualifications direct contact numbers or what you 've experienced during your process please share !
i 'm sure i 'm very late to the game and i 'm confidant that the 183 units are going to fly but any info or guidance would be greatly appreciated !
we got rice cookers and stuff is there any decent spaghetti cookers ?
is there anyway to get a report in the above formats ?
the wallet used does n't support osmo yet and i doubt they 'll support the upcoming sunny drop .
hopefully there 's an easy method i 'm missing or its back to recording every transaction again .
like no one will even see this guy wohoo !
im doing a giveaway for 20 robux without tax !
i started swimming about a month ago and it was going really well until a few days ago when i started feeling mild pain and some popping under my kneecap .
the only possible reason would be my swimming and i think maybe i wasnt freestyle kicking properly ?
has anyone had this problem and how can i improve my kick ?
and is it safe to continue swimming with this mild injury ?
trying to kick more with my glutes and hips in the meantime
i had a ps3 on my shelf for 2 years and then i wanted to clean it because it was all dusty on the inside so i took it apart and put ir back together but there is no power at all .
i have no idea why it broke when i put it back together .
edit there is 5v or standby voltage coming from ribbon from psu to ps3 .
idk if there has to be voltage on the 12v rails before turning on .
i 've got three shoe boxes full of them and i 'm trying to think of a better way to store them .
like no one will even see this guy wohoo !
im doing a giveaway for 20 robux without tax !
so basically when i was 18 my former stepdad got remarried to a wonderful woman that i think is absolutely phenomenal .
he 's been in my life since i was a toddler and when he and my mom split when i was 12 he made sure to still be involved in my life .
hell he even went out of his way to make sure i still got to see my aunt and cousins on my mom 's side even though he was n't required to do it .
so he 's a dad in all but name because i do have an amazing dad too .
he met and dated a wonderful woman for a couple of years and while i was initially hesitant because i was afraid she 'd be like my own stepmom and cause problems for my little brother too she immediately became a part of my family .
absolutely love her and her kids and i consider them my younger siblings too despite no blood ties to them .
when they planned their wedding at the family farm i was invited to stay in his parent 's home since i would have to travel across 2 states to be there and i would be a college student and thus pretty broke .
in lieu of a gift i arrived a day early and helped the set up helped with the decor all diy and kept the little kids busy while the older adults did whatever they needed to do .
basically i was n't a bum the entire weekend .
i arrived early friday morning and was busy up until i left on sunday morning .
some important backstory my mom and stepdad were together for about 10 years and it was a miserable marriage and his parents hated her and her two kids me and my older brother and they often went out of their way to exclude us in family events .
after mom left they went even further and tried to force my stepdad to cut us off completely but they seemed so warm during my time there that i naively believed they 'd finally gotten past everything and accepted me .
first i was in the unfinished basement on an old couch because they did n't have extra space anywhere in their massive house for me .
unbeknownst to me they had two unused bedrooms upstairs and my stepdad was too busy to notice when he was around .
next i was told not asked to run errands around town for them and pick up last minute supplies but they expected me to pay for everything myself because i owed it to them for letting me stay there .
the supplies ended up costing more than i actually had in my bank including my gas money to get home and grocery money for the week and mostly went unused .
my stepdad 's wife found out from one of the cousins and reimbursed me fully and then some saying it was a nasty thing to pull on a student .
finally the wedding day came and it was an emotional time for me .
their wedding parties were their biological children which hurt a little but i understood .
and when the dancing came my stepdad danced with his wife then his new stepdaughter and then he had me come dance with him for our own song together before he did the mom and son dance .
honestly the thought makes me want to cry just because it was a public acknowledgement that i was still his kid too and it shut up a lot of his nastier relatives .
this woman made a scene after and actually tried to keep me from re-entering her house later in the day and only stopped when one of her daughters told her off and escorted me in .
his father stayed quiet ever the enabler but later apologized which genuinely shocked me .
the last slap in the face came before i went home .
the catering was a massive bbq buffet and my stepdad had promised to send me home with a cooler of food as a thank you which excited me because as a student living on her own my diet was mostly ramen rice and beans with canned meat and peanut butter sandwiches thrown in the mix a couple times a week .
he and his new wife had left for their honeymoon and the kids were hanging out in the living room when i was getting ready to leave .
i packed my car and waited around for one of the other adults to tell me what i was allowed to take .
his mom eventually helped me and handed me an open bag of stale dinner rolls and a tray of potato salad which i 've always hated and told me to leave before she called the cops .
i left and ended up crying during the drive because it felt like i 'd done something wrong even though i obviously had n't and my stepdad did n't reach out to me again for months after the wedding in october .
around christmas he invited me over to celebrate with him and since he and my dad lived close to each other i was happy to visit .
we ate together exchanged gifts well i received gifts and gave my younger siblings gift cards and then we talked about the wedding and i found out why they essentially ignored me after .
his evil witch of a mother lied and told them that i had thrown a fit about the food told them that i got money from them to run the errands and then scammed his wife out of more money and they claimed that i 'd rubbed having two dad 's in a cousin 's face who never met hers and was rejected by her mom 's new husband .
basically she told them i was an evil spoiled brat and i was pissed .
i denied it and my stepdad apologized and said his sisters berated him for letting me get treated the way i was .
he said that he had n't asked about having me stay in their home just let them know i would since i was driving so far on a budget and was helping with the set-up clean up and kids .
they did n't protest just treated me like shit that weekend and he felt so ashamed after his sister 's yelled at him that he waited for me to reach out again but i did n't .
i explained that i felt like he 'd gotten married and then replaced me completely and i cried .
my siblings came out of their rooms and cried .
turns out they threw out a lot of food because only a few of us wanted leftovers and his mom basically ensured that no one got any of the food her baby paid for his new mil paid for the catering out of spite .
she saw me as a reminder of my mom a woman she hated and made sure to go out of her way to make me feel unwelcome .
my stepdad is still one of my favorite people i still love his wife and wish the best for her but our relationship never quite recovered .
what hurt me most was how quickly he believed his mom without trying to talk to me and how little effort he put into apologizing or trying to talk to me after the truth was revealed .
i was n't sure where this would belong so my friend recommended this subreddit .
this situation happened about 6 years ago so i do n't need any advice or anything .
i like to theorycraft what would make a game more interesting/difficult/fun once i have some understanding of core mechanics so i wonder what everyone thinks about these options
jon had arrived a week earlier his arrival had seen to his armies celebrations .
being a king like he was with a tendency to drink he was more then accommodating to the demands of his men .
but on the eighth day he awoke once again in his room at the famous inn of house heddle .
the door was ajared one of his guards could be seen through the crack asleep on a wooden chair .
jon sat up on his bed the throbbing in his head started almost immediately .
the servant girl who had been tending to him was spry on her feet opening the door and heading straight to her chores .
jon detested aid when getting dressed but this servant was different .
she acted fast and did not question when he stopped to take a break .
when he was fully dressed in his navy shirt golden chain with a falcon jon brushed his teeth combed his hair and ventured down to the feast hall .
only the lord 's and their guards had been permitted entry the army dwelt along the banks of the greenfork brazen banners decorating its edges .
jon took a seat on his throne struggling to sit on it for a small moment .
a plate was brought to him mutton and bread .
a peasants diet but he was hungry and cared not .
he waved his fingers ordering ale which was given to him quickly .
he took a swig washing the foul breath of last night 's wine away .
he took a nub of bread and ate it .
he looked up all eyes were on him it was a feeling he was n't used to .
they 're waiting for you to talk son . ''
he turned his head to find his father beside him jon nodded .
men of the vale as you all have heard the city of maidenpool is nothing save for a pile of ash .
yet we can not predict all manners of war king andrik died true .
but in his death we have learnt the power that this valyrian muster .
and so i have decided against some of your own wishes to accept the valyrians plea .
in return i will make one last request i am yet to be wed and as king their seems to be a need for it .
my sister olenna for a member of their house to be my wife .
this will ensure some matter of safety but my loyal subjects this will simply place a blanket over the fire .
it will smother it for a time but i have no doubt that we will fight the valyrians soon enough . ''
king jon took a moment to pick at his meal .
my lord 's we will build a gate her .
the river gate will be the newest addition to our long lane of defences .
while their dragons may fly oer head their soldiers will struggle every step of their march . ''
jon leant forward placing a fist on his chin .
i will name house heddle lords of the river gate and there bloodline will serve as the first protectors of our kingdom so honour them with a toast good men . ''
for the record i 've never had a problem trading and selling via coinbase but logistically it must be a nightmare to keep track of all the technology changes modified consensus checks support issues etc ...
seeing the number of complaints here makes me wonder when i 'm due to fall into the same circumstances .
i do n't see how it 's scalable as a business model .
stock markets work by following a strict set of laws and regulations yet in the crypto industry it 's all taken on a loose sense of standardization which can shift the next morning .
most exchanges i 've seen come up against these issues sooner or later and when they get audited it never turns out well .
gox failed due to poor internal procedures and decision making/accountability but if coinbase goes under i 'm certain it will be courtesy of this mad attempt to cater to the inevitable failure of alternative cryptocurrencies outside the big two .
coinbase will likely never become the amazon of the crypto world .
theres no scope to provide excellent customer support or instill confidence in the provision because it will always be inherently overburdened .
all that work on making the best ux in the industry has been entirely let down .
maybe it 's time to withdraw everything and find a new exchange which focusses on ux and customer support .
after all that 's the only thing that matters if you have business to conduct .
seeing all these posts has shaken my faith and i feel like mt .
edit the number of bots who have reached out to me claiming to be coinbase customer support after having posted this is absurd and frightening .
so is this it then your idea of creating a safe space for customers is an anonymous online forum ?
that level of ignorance is beyond redemption in this kind of industry .
not sure if linked to oral ket for 2 years but going to try st mary 's thistle supplements to see if that helps .
hoping they wo n't reduce ket therapeutic effect if take early in day .
i live in canada and wan na buy the g14 from best buy at the discounted price of 1900 which was offered during july .
i 'd be grateful if somebody can tell me when the price will drop again .
finally saved enough money to barely buy the laptop and an external monitor for school after constantly working my ass off to pay the bills and buy groceries .
i be wondering why chen and jet are so close
excerpt from attached interview and we 've been able to really deliver the growth that our company wanted .
in some ways it 's a challenge the valuation the public valuation the market cap of our business .
we do n't think it really reflects its value .
that 's for a number of reasons but primarily it 's because we 're listed on the uk market .
and we think that the uk market does n't necessarily appreciate the scope or the scale or the size of our business .
not that anyone 's at fault there but that 's just the way it is .
so we think if this company was listed in the us would it be worth a substantial amount more.. ''
they have recently appointed two directors with significant expertise in mergers and acquisitions .
https www.linkedin.com/in/peter-read-82a9832 https www.linkedin.com/in/peter-read-82a9832 https www.crunchbase.com/person/grant-dollens https www.crunchbase.com/person/grant-dollens so expect they 're not there just for the zoom lunches .
listed on london aim currently the share price is 0.0145 per share so well worth a punt as we say over here !
and also you can find more coupon codes deals discounts promo codes on there .
94 apy on pancakeswap and earlier that year hit 48 dollars it will go back up again meanwhile how amazing is the apy ! ! ! ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
this is financial advice do not sue i have fuck all ... .
our studio is looking for pixel artist for ongoing work .
we have a bunch of characters that needs to be designed and animated on a weekly basis .
please post a link to your portfolio where i can see your character design and animation works .
i 'll be in touch with artists who we believe are potentially a good fit for the job .
in fukuoka for the night and looking for a bar that will be open late .
does anybody know of any gaijin bars or any ones that are good fun ?
hey guys so i wanted to use some of the cool apps for league that allow you to track the gold difference over time what players you 're facing etc .
i am using blitz for the runes and cs number however when i use the desktop app of porofesor.gg or mobalytics it is too much for my laptop and it just crashes .
i wanted to see if there is an ios app for iphone that lets you track your game stats ?
a place for members of r/seocalismasi to chat with each other
a place for members of r/ooklate to chat with each other
a place for members of r/swingersparadise to chat with each other
a place for members of r/limonycservice to chat with each other
a place for members of r/werewolfcommunity to chat with each other
a place for members of r/masternimsarentreal to chat with each other
a place for members of r/forthegirlss to chat with each other
a place for members of r/relaxmusicever to chat with each other
a place for members of r/doggelabs to chat with each other
a place for members of r/facebookaddystopia to chat with each other
a place for members of r/nba_community5 to chat with each other
a place for members of r/developerws to chat with each other
a place for members of r/itemgirls to chat with each other
a place for members of r/fantasyfootballhub to chat with each other
a place for members of r/onichanmomos to chat with each other
a place for members of r/bscpicks to chat with each other
a place for members of r/ankle_lord to chat with each other
a place for members of r/arkithoughts to chat with each other
a place for members of r/stakingsilver to chat with each other
a place for members of r/improvpiano to chat with each other
a place for members of r/elyonhellas to chat with each other
a place for members of r/quartodecimani to chat with each other
a place for members of r/acts29 to chat with each other
maybe it increases the house prices in the area ?
with so many guns around i ca n't believe people dare to act like this .
look at the idiot with the memes what a chad
the left did n't vote for whatever is going on in chicago .
https midwestsocialist.com/2021/02/18/oh-how-little-mayor-lightfoot-cares obviously you have no clue what a leftist is .
they literally help the opponent by making you easier to preempt .
tested it for you guys before it moved to amsterdam you 're welcome much 
i would also leave so i can play a more satisfying game
they grade harshly but i can confirm that they sell them in the same bucket they were graded .
i sent apac lands that were played a few times early on but have been in a top loader since .
they were graded vg imo they were ex and the exact number appeared in stock .
one was mis-identified as a much cheaper land too and i had to call them they promptly fixed the issue so good support .
it 's like unlocking a new letter before it comes out
naw i did n't even get anyone 's last name from it all .
there wasnt a rule to not include the same show two times
first of all it is the military industrial congressional complex .
that was how ike worded it in the first draft of his farewell speech when he coined that term .
he was 'advised ' to take out the congressional '' part but the former two can not function without the funding from the latter .
so yes you are talking about the us government you are just using terms you do not understand .
sad to see that this game has gone to shit
100 agree bunch of gate keeping douche bags on this subreddit .
i wonder how many will flee the country now .
yea i just do n't understand how this could be worth it for them ...
literally all they had to do was call the stores print his confession then fill out the paperwork .
a fedex driver literally just did this exact same thing to me last wednesday .
he was at a stop and i was taking a left onto the street he was turning off of and as i made my turn he just decided to full-send into my vehicle .
his explanation i thought she made it through so i went . ''
side note that i 've been driving for a living for nearly 10 years and fedex drivers have been some of the worst drivers i 've had to deal with on the road .
the only official figure to do something like this was the eu declaring victory in 2016 .
if i take a little longer to think about it add poutine and crokinole
for real not a lot of people would have done what you did .
you def saved the ass of whomever filled that second bottle and threw it in the bag.
seeing that 's about 3.56 usd who cares how many of this shitcoin you own .
auton rakentaminen on vhn eri asia ku ruuan tappaminen .
over 35 million cases in the us since obama 's 2019 birthday party !
okay i was just going by what they showed on jsfv .
i love how she just casually yeets the bird lol
yeah that 's probably accurate although it sounds like the police are the ones who coined the term cryptographic safety deposit box. best guess is that 's a funny name for a hardware wallet .
i would drop trying to make your cards anking is great might not hit all of the lecture content 100 but it 's also not worth it imo to master in house lecture content to get a grade that wo n't necessarily transfer to overall comprehension or boards .
i make lectures a minimal part of my day 2x speed highlighting whatever professors are likely to test on .
opening anki cards pre-made watching supplementary content sketchy/pathoma/board n beyond .
you are on the one way train to getting burnt the fuck out pulling your level of dedicated study .
u/stellaremme your account does not meet minimum age requirements at this time therefore your request has been automatically removed .
please note this is your account age not your age .
in addition you must also meet the comment activity requirement of 250 comment karma .
if you have not yet done so read the new user introduction https www.reddit.com/r/charity/wiki/welcome_message so that you 'll understand why new accounts are not allowed .
the only exceptions to this requirement are for campaigns that benefit a registered non-profit organization .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/charity if you have any questions or concerns .
trouble is he was in prison for much of that time and was n't paroled until 1974
it would 've been so easy for his publisher or hollywood to debunk his story .
but we should n't let the truth get in the way of a good story right ?
i actually think everyone in the tasm movies were casted perfectly martin sheen as uncle ben was fantastic
bruh he slapped him so hard he also could n't hear
do you think that the tolerance on the dimension affects the effective continuous contact area ?
is n't reys purpose to be a vessel for palpatines essence ?
palpatine wants to create a force sensitive being to transfer into but he also tried a not so experimental direct cloning of himself that did n't work until that clone had a child .
not sure how the timing of things work but without diving too much into it i think it would make sense for palpatine to only get so far with the project leading up to the events of ep 4-6 deciding to clone himself as an alternative then at some point after that getting the snoke strand cast to work as we see it in the sequels .
so it would make sense for snoke to maybe have grogu dna but rey did not need anything other than palpatine dna .
obviously this has been the plan for this match and probably has been on jericho 's white board since the first time the fans joined in on the song back on the cruise .
and you have to do enough to make sure the crowd actually do their part .
but also when it 's so obviously forced it takes away all the gravitas .
i love that she does n't give a shit anymore .
these people know what they 're doing and we are always left out of any real knowledge of what 's going on .
yes it 's the previous board fault but if you think laporta is completely absolved then his ploy worked .
we are still elite and the squad is amongst the top 10 in the world but we should learn how avoid falling for the tricks of businessmen which after these past years has us with every right to be skeptical and upset and treat our players and legends with the respect they deserve .
if he did have sex with anyone before during or after sw he would lie about it and if he had sex with a man he would certainly lie about it .
lie about his name lie about where he lived just flat lie ... .
fair enough the question you asked in the first place was n't strictly speaking an ethical one .
to that question whether there 's a way to say you 're polyamorous without saying you 're polyamorous i say no no there is n't .
well when it comes to european focused politics russia is the more pertinent threat with them literally invading another country .
china has no vested interest either economic or local pressure beyond national pride to contest the us militarily .
russia has strategic historical and nationalistic pressures driving it towards conflicts with it 's former soviet bloc era neighbors .
i upvoted your post and some of the other posts on your profile .
could you pls upvote this comment it would really help out ?
i keep wondering if the game secretly ups the difficulty if a flight stick is used .
i thought i read in the details somewhere that the 5gb shared plan only gets a 5 per line discount for auto pay and paper free .
edit it appears i was seeing thing when i thought i read 5 discount per line .
unfortunately it 's impossible to have a nuanced conversation about castro .
decades of propaganda and right-wing cuban exiles have so firmly driven castro into the hitler/stalin realm of super-villain evil that far too many people do n't want to hear anything other than that he was a monster and cuba is a terrible repressed place .
it 's hard to stay in cash it feels like you are missing out on something .
not when all 4 opponents rush the hill at once and i 'm the only one on the hill .
i asked for some advice that will it go through but it did n't go through because lawyers think it wo n't cost much to earn for them to proceed with it .
so everything is just money and no justice out there .
but i need more solid evidence like the government involvement .
snowden is such a hero that our humanity needs it .
so basically everything is about money ... .. no justice can be served if there 's less money-related .
i will bring solid evidence that gang stalking is real and that 's violating human rights by monitoring 24/7 .
also it 's related to microchips and the broadcasting website .
i will surely bring those to the surface and i will fight until death .
a lawsuit against the us government will be 100 million .
a lawsuit against pentagon cia nsa will be after .
i have to sue every gang stalker because every each population is violating my rights .
but they are too many so i 'll sue the government instead .
i hope the security guard is looking for a new job .
you ca n't come back to work after being embarrassed like that .
i 'm trying to learn how to be more firm as i am a naturally too nice and let things slide way too often .
i 'll will talk to her again with this in mind .
i think the only thing that will change the roadmap now is a treatment that could create herd immunity with delta .
if we had clear data on something before reaching 80 then states might hold out a bit longer .
utd is definitely not a manager 's club or a player 's club .
many of the best players in pl are from utd .
i 'd say chelsea since 2013 is a manager 's club because the manager has to be good to win trophies .
getting to be the center of american attention back when america was emotionally invested in being at war
do you have a discord or would you prefer to talk on here ?
i can relate to nearly all of these things 
nespresso is currently running buy 7 sleeves get 1 free .
yes if you are using it online but not on your lan .
on my setup i have the plex server on a static ip nvidia shield and on the clients i just have to enter my pin
to help make the experience more effective for everyone we do have some resources and rules for you to keep in mind .
 do you need to understand terms or acronyms ?
check out our links https www.reddit.com/r/narcissisticabuse/wiki/resources and book recommendations .
 we also have a sister sub for people actively in divorce/custody proceedings or that is coparenting with a abusive ex r/narcabuseanddivorce .
 looking to contact the moderators of the sub ?
we ca n't respond to individual posts all the time so please post your issues to the community rather than the mods if it 's not about a rule breaking issue or sub issue .
you can message the mod team here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnarcissisticabuse subject message .
please do not dm/pm mods directly or send them chat requests .
please add flair to your post so that it is searchable by topic and always use the trigger warning flairs when needed
be respectful and courteous with a focus on healing no flaming no revenge posts no wishing harm on abusers or others no outting publicly '' to the world on social media to get revenge
no identifying details no proper names including fake ones pictures images of texts/emails locations no continent country city province etc or specific details that may identify you to readers jobs hobbies schools etc
no crossposting or direct linking to this or other subs or posts .
no self-promotion in any fashion at all surveys fundraising or research posts are permitted
you must be the victim of the abuse that is the subject of the post not a friend relative or partner
please report content that violates our rules and do not engage on those posts at all
do not resubmit removed content if you get a report from automod about your post see the sticky announcement at the top of the sub regarding removals and be patient we will review them manually when we are available .
no politics soliciting dms or doing an ama on your own please
no segregation of posts by gender sexual orientation race age or culture
no family content in any context including parent/family at any level including family dynamics background/childhoods or the abusers family at all in any way
no inappropriate content tv shows movies books not releated to healing from abuse celebrities news or social discussions .
no title only posts including repeating the title in the body of the post emoticons saying the title says it all
if you are a narc or abuser you will be banned
we want you to have a safe and supportive experience so you get the most out of the community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/narcissisticabuse if you have any questions or concerns .
dammit these nails are all metric and i do n't have a metric hammer ... guess i 'll get the screwdriver ... ''
you 're a modern person why do you fall for 20th century bs ?
nah the bit about the journo socials referring to cabinet talks but thanks anyway
being sticky and sweaty is worse than just being hot and sweaty .
playing early morning rounds in the desert is the best .
homosexuality has been a thing since the dawn of life
oh boy do i have the youtube channel for you ...
how easy is it to play on console mode or handheld mode ?
reading the title i was thinking i 'd definitely respect management that had worked at my position more .
i remember working at family video we dreaded when management would come in .
they 'd constantly be trying to tell us how to do the work while really mucking things up .
one would always direct us to go to the counter to help regulars we knew would browse and not want our help .
they 'd give away movies that were on hold for customers on their way and not tell anyone else .
at any chance they 'd pick the wrong movie .
one had a thing about always collecting late fees and upset some lady who was normally on time but had a husband in the hospital racking up huge bills .
she was there for the free kids movies they advertised left crying without them over like 10 late .
well unfortunately that 's rented out and this district manager sent your kid home with the 2010 indie horror flick frozen .
the cash drawer which would be correct every other night would always be off after the management spent the day there too .
the most insulting part though was the very strict policy of keeping almost everyone part time then asking people to drive over an hour to other stores with a pizza usually forgotten offered as compensation .
the last few years i just stopped picking up when they called me outside of work as i was n't ready to give up my day off last minute and drive to some area i 've never been for minimum wage all to prevent an employee at that store from being paid fairly .
when i quit they had our manager split between two stores working 70 hours a week between them as he had no cap on hours .
management being treated that poorly gave me no hope that it 'd ever get better for the average employee .
i 'm all in for complaining and asking for changes but we got ta be coherent .
even if i pay for resin recharges i get what more 20 minutes of playing
well there 's the immediate need and the long term one .
you can get enough to cover yourself in the moment pay off all your bills fix the car get that thing you 've been putting off forever .
but in order to set yourself up for future success you need to cultivate a skill set that someone will pay for .
so that typically means an education which is both time and money .
yeah that did do it perfectly plus the characters were all great so you wanted to watch it again
i went down to the team store the other day to buy a gift and that place is an absolute joke .
when i was making this i added some alarms .
i think i like the idea of a general computer monitoring cosmic stuff about especially in hazardous space .
so there 's two alarms one somethings a brewing and two stuff just popped off .
non combat related just general space events to be aware of locally or to caution you to gtfo asap .
i have a cosmological model that satisfies physical laws .
your model does not satisfy the known laws of physics .
my google scholar sources may not have been the best but i 've given you more than that .
since you seem to think there is no matter beyond the horizon again somehow .
! in honor of national spoiler month all comments must be formatted as spoilers !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/darkjokes if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's good for dupe clause when you go get your ranch encounter which has the chance of getting some really good encounters .
besides going in the dark grass this early is like asking for at least one death
for their country '' is such a misleading statement .
they would be fighting not to preserve the sovereignty of afghanistan if anything the current us client government invalidates the sovereignty of afghanistan but rather to preserve the kabul government .
surprise surprise not many people want to fight for a corrupt government that regularly extorts its civilian population and does n't even pay it 's military .
yeah i just represent 90 percent of the state outside portland and kennebunk .
how much do you think the lawsuits for the few kids that do die will cost the public school system ?
how about for the greater number of adult employees ?
how about for the kids and adults that just have long lasting disabilities as a result ?
how much for the past year of lawsuits over students not receiving the free and appropriate public education ?
finally how much for the next 2 years of lawsuits when the newly passed statute of limitations extension goes into affect for education lawsuits ?
the amount of liability the state has allowed by their inaction is mind boggling .
if you do n't care about the lives maybe you 'll care about all the wasted tax money ?
i 'm their first buyer this is their only item up they have no sold/purchased reviews .
you could run for mayor on this issue alone and i 'd happily vote for you .
what i 've learnt from this sub is that there is only one true libertarian on the planet at a time and it just happens to always be whichever person i 've recently made feel uncomfortable on this sub .
the big thing about winter is no one wants to move their kids mid school year .
because of this no one sells in winter unless they have to whether job hardship etc .
it means in a typical year there will be less houses available but they 'll be better deals .
we bought our last house in an october it did n't matter to us because it was same school district .
we had like 2-3 acceptable houses to choose from vs 10-15 a couple months before when our house was n't ready to sell yet .
because the see him doa on tv they think.. oh ni orang kite '' .
the age one is the only one i do understand .
depending on their experiences it might just be really awkward to interact with people almost twice or at least 10 years theirs senior their age in online spaces .
i was the same as a teen and kept away from people who were 9 years older than me out of safety reasons .
not everyone is a predator but it was also uncomfortable talking to these people so ...
just like ned flanders thanking god for sweating to the oldies volumes 1 2 and 4.
asexuals can absolutely date especially since the op seems to be homoromantic and feels romantic attraction .
sounds like he is dating matt and you 're just the beard .
you know that 's an outdated view of bpd .
in fact it 's now thought to be the most treatable of the cluster b .
in several long term studies over 85 of people with bpd went into remission with treatment .
do n't let yourself get caught up in some trap of thinking you ca n't get better .
the mental health field has come a long way and there 's a lot more understanding about bpd now .
it 's only plagiarism if the original work is not cited .
found poetry for example is made of pre-existing works https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/found\_poetry
fast and frees are one of my favorite tights .
super excited to see what these are all about .
i just recently left a job working for the state .
literally took weeks to get anything paid requested to be paid for .
and even then it had to get signed off by god knows how many people red tape at its finest .
job in the private sector ... oh you need that piece of equipment ?
i did n't think the flowers added much to the scene .
bullshit people were on board with taking it '' .
it may not be in the books but you have to ask why is the patient fatigued ?
and then you have to ask them to clarify what they mean by fatigue .
one thing i 've learned is that the patients speak a different language .
my biggest problem with the elderly is to get them to commit to symptoms .
ca n't wait till next year most of mine are already gone
what you do n't know is you are getting bigger because the needle size is decreasing .
it 's the norm at least in my area .
i have a friend in a different one and they do n't work saturdays but do always close
optimized gears are what separates f2p from whales and i 'm fine with that .
i 'm a day 1 player too and only have 4 cdr sets .
3 of which are mostly t4 with two t2 pieces .
the 4th set is lucky enough to have 3 t6 pieces but none of them are maze type .
i 've burned around 250 gold binaries exclusively on counter maze gears and never got a cdr set .
but even then i 'd rather wait until i get lucky on these set rerolls than stare at my screen for hours only to be fucked up with shitty multiple rng layer rolls later on .
do n't even get me started on how i have to spend currency to swap gears around
it 's a rite of passage you read reddit so you must suffer !
hmmm ... .i usually just do it to gage if i can do it again or simply to get the initial reaction it might be they approve right from the get .
mine september 2020 in seattle.now still no ead card yet .so crazy slowly
just that now it 's something more harmful than crack .
he needs to pay dominion his fine and go back into treatment .
also congrats to phoenix moving up the census power rankings .
if only philly did n't fold the steel they could have stayed at 5 .
you want to shake people and yell do something ! but i totally get the other side too  sometimes fires can be too big .
to them you might seem like you 're putting yourself in danger to toss little cups of water on a raging inferno while they are comforting the victims calling the red cross btw they are angels for house fires or maybe yeah they 're just watching because what else can they do ?
sorry a neighboring house burned to the ground a couple of years ago i have experience with this metaphor haha !
i think if people are responding to you that way it means they truly believe that things are hopeless  and that 's a really sad and tough place to be .
i have a friend who is a climate scientist .
but i think it can be easier in some ways than believing there is hope and you can make a difference because that 's where you are  frustrated urgent maybe a little panicked maybe guilty and pressured because your choices might save or doom the world .
i try to remember that everyone does the best they can based on what they believe .
and what you believe may sometimes serve a purpose  maybe you believe you can make a difference because otherwise you get morbid and depressed .
maybe they believe they ca n't because otherwise they get anxious and desperate .
i ca n't even say it 's right or wrong for you to try to change their minds .
but you can try to be less frustrated with them .
you can try to understand why they think the fire is too big .
you can talk about why you do n't think it is what you believe what you do etc without saying it 's the best/the only way .
and by doing that you can be less frustrated and stand the best chance of changing their mind or maybe changing yours who knows. .
i 'd try el salvadoreo it 's on imperial ave. you will have to try their horchata and pupusas
oh she remembers to use it like an actual rapier when it comes down to deliberately defying her mother and threatening her kid brother .
it serves as a frontend for the play store and allows you to download apps from there without having a google account .
best of luck but could n't u put some good stuff as your last tribute here ?
my dad went through that back when i was little .
i remember him coming home in soo much pain after they let him leave the hospital .
he looked like a mummy from his head down to his stomach 3rd degree burns .
you know that paste they give you yo put on your body after you scrub he swapped it for aloe vera the real plant .
but yes i still remember him screaming in agony .
i think the point is the majority of comments could n't provide an actual answer based on experience but still wanted to post something
with practice i was able to close with a number almost every time .
first of all how are you when you cold approach ?
my best approaches is when i feel loose and just talked to a lot of strangers .
when i approach i see a girl and think ok she is cute but how is her personality and how can i get a glimpse .
so i approach and talk to her with light banter more for my own amusement more than anything else .
because at the end of the day it 's a stranger and i wo n't see her again unless she likes me .
so i have fun and push limits of social interaction to enjoy myself .
stop taking yourself so seriously her so seriously approaching so seriously and just enjoy yourself .
it 's not supposed to have results all the time and who gives a fuck if it does n't .
if you ca n't step away saying shit that was a fun interaction then you did n't approach correctly .
if you want success then you need to spark interest and make her feel lots of emotions and a rush .
responses/dates is if you stand out in her mind and remembers you .
well facebook is entitled to lock you out of your account .
as people are wont to say it 's a private company .
and i 'm not sure what the significance of b is or why that would make their asking you any worse .
i 'm not a python expert but i think this can be related to the wrong python version .
there is python2 and python3 and the print function works differently in both .
you can try to start the simulation with python2 ./simulator.py ''
edit forget what i wrote they write that python 3.5 is needed .
i may try tomorrow myself because you made me curious .
go to the profile of the creator look at his groups and join it
people who expect something lower than the market value are the parasites .
this is a capitalistic country do n't like it leave .
you do n't but the paradox uses twins because they would expect to age in a similar way .
for that reason we sent mark kelly to the iss for a year and did studies on him and scott kelly who remained on earth .
tell me what you know about other political economic or philosophical systems of government .
same i like it and it 's super cheap compared to carts where i am .
100 for a ounce and 40 for a 1g cart
she 's heard it all guys i 'm just happy that her dad has said that he loves her and totally accepts her and her lifestyle and is proud of her in every way .
i wish michael e. knight 's character on gh would be more like tad .
i wish his character was more humorous and that they would drop his fake accent .
ha me too i was like where can i get free ink in ac ''
8 ish years is also a long ass time for a big man to be healthy .
no doubt if he stays healthy he can be top 10 but with kd and harden in the east he 's gon na have his hands full at least a few of those years .
if kd snags a couple more rings he will have a hard time passing him into the top 10 .
he also very much relies on athleticism so hopefully he stays healthy
he is n't allowed to be on the list of replacements unfortunately by court decision .
lmao as opposed to  of the entire team being the same russian engineer with the weird hat in bf4 or literally everyone playing as the guy with the beret in bc2 ?
there were more clones in the older game than there are in this one barring battlefield v. such a dumb thing to whine about but i should expect so less from reddit
maybe because they shout the name of their god before they kill
lol i already bought from him the sword yesterday hahahahahhaha
looks like someone wanted in sub .13 and now they 're in .
def check out megalobox szn 1/2 since you like boxing and mature stories
generally speaking if you have the money to do the things you love you do not have the time .
or you could 've done the decent thing of answering the question .
i do n't even care about the tactical advantage .
if you 're not vaccinated or are n't legitimately unable to receive vaccines due to being immunocompromised then hospitals should be able to turn you away for covid treatment .
do it a few times then you will get used to it .
then wilson though if you have .5 you should get bamford
already google it its a sexual practice but i still dont get it tbh .
the 'terrible mindset ' is putting gender labels on behavior .
this toxic mentality of older/patriarchal/machismo generations is why so many people had to hide their true selves it was not 'manly ' for boys to play with dolls or wear pink because it was not 'womanly ' to insert any gender-specific behavior .
womanly does not mean 'coming from a woman ' .
i suggest you read up on the definitions of gender neutrality womanly and manly .
i wish you well and hope you have n't been too affected by such societal pressure .
but modified teslas and i think performance models tend to stand out and get the wave
300 mbps fiber internet ethernet connection to my ps4 .
terrible lag and overall game performance seemingly every game .
feels like it gets worse and worse every day .
i 've been very interested in getting some reps .
but still have n't pulled the trigger on actually getting a pair .
how did y'all make your first rep purchase and any tips ?
after the new update i do n't see nemestice anymore .
i am a married man so the 15-20 minute of fun game was awesome .
for me it was when i remembered just how fond i was of my little pony when i was really young .
although iirc i think i pretended i did n't like it because i thought it would be weird for a male to like mlp .
now here i am several years later realizing that was probably the first small crack on my egg .
i posted a few weeks ago looking for some tips on live music venues .
my bff and i are booked into a local hotel tomorrow night .
we 're looking for a casual dining experience we prefer low key and we 're looking for the bars afterwards that will have live music preferably classic rock cover bands .
we 're a bit older than middle age but we drink like we 're 20 and we 're looking to dance and have fun .
just to clarify i am in no way an ivy-level student .
i honestly think my chances of getting accepted to these schools are extremely slim .
however i still wanted to give it a shot because i did n't want to just give up .
since i have bound to the school that accepts me for early decision i would have to be careful about what school to apply to .
the ivy schools that accept ed are brown columbia cornell dartmouth and upenn .
which of the schools should i apply for ed as a stem student ?
there have been so many great moments amongst all of the episodes that critical role has done .
i thought it would make for a good discussion to bring the highlights from all of them together in one spot .
who knows might be a good reference point for new critters or old critters who want to relive some of those moments .
for me personally laura bailey casting modify memory on the old hag to break knot 's curse was the moment for me .
you could hear a pin drop in that room .
it was so intense and the payoff was amazing .
i do n't get crushes and have a hard time liking people romantically .
i 'm 31 and have never had a long term romantic/sexual relationship .
i do go on dates but generally do n't like anybody enough to want to have a relationship with them .
i 'm really worried i 'm never going to be able to have a long term relationship .
i see other traumatized people who have had long term relationships just not necessarily healthy ones and i have n't even had one because it 's so hard for me to find someone i like enough .
i 'm not aromantic and very much desire romantic love i just do n't like anyone enough .
i have dabbled in crypto but quite new to nfts .
i have read some articles created an nft and watched several you tube videos .
i would like to hear from artists and collectors about their recent experiences in promoting nft art as the space is rapidly evolving .
i saw this hilarious tiktok about the 'this little piggy ' nursery rhyme if it was narrated by a podcast host .
please help me find it or the tiktoker who made it !
i am a graphic designer specialized in logo design brand identity design .
contact me at itshvdesign gmail.com mailto its.hvdesign gmail.com or shoot me a message here on reddit .
generally i 'm a budget friendly and i accept payment in doge all crypto ... dm me for a customized quote .
if you have a question to ask do not hesitate to contact me .
i know the exact date that the text was written .
is it possible to restore back to a certain date .
hey i 'm an international high school graduate batch 2021 and received offer from both these universities but save about 30,000 aud if i study at uts since i recieved a 25 scholarship .
can someone studying/graduated from a law course or in touch with someone who has share their review ?
is it worth it studying law at unsw without a tuition waiver as an international student ?
so i 'm going down the rabbit hole this morning learning about switch and router packet buffers and how they apply to queuing and learning about tail drop as data comes in over a 10g interface and has to go out a 1g interface .
i started looking up the different switch and router models i 've used in the past and have a better understanding of where the goes on the higher end stuff .
i found all the packet buffer sizes for these but couldnt find it on the fg line of products .
i know its not a router or a swtich but i believe the same principles should apply does anyone know where to find this info ?
technically i 've already just bought my own ... a 200 hybrid from costco that broke on my first ride .
willing to go up in budget though no more than 800 .
i plan to use the bike on pavement for the most part i live in chicago and hope to ride on the lake front until it gets too cold .
i tried a hybrid at a bike shop today and found the angle i had to bend to reach the handlebars quite to be quite foreign .
i think it would minimize lash back from the player base over dropping so few characters then dropping one that 's console specific .
strange would be the perfect character to drop along side spider-man given that he appears to play a pretty significant role in no way home .
 note this is my opinion experience regarding the mascara performance/quality .
as always use/buy the makeup that makes you happy .
style 0.34 fl ounces made in italy black rose-gold ombre cylindrical tube packaging luxury weight ophthalmologist reviewed dermatologist tested clinically tested cruelty-free 6-month pao on tube
extra information water-resistant formula flexible polymers to prevent clumping conditioning agents to soften lashes unique blend of supple waxes to give definition
applied to top lower lashes no eyeliner/eyeshadow to affect wear only 2 coats no reapplication or touch-ups
 initial application 1400 looks better without primer very messy application got on my upper lid lashline nice volume length curl .
 2-hour mark 1600 still wearable right eye smudges on top lid left eye smudges on undereye no flaking on either side
 3-hour mark 1700 still wearable right eye flaking on top lid left eye smudges on upper lid now both sides ' lashes look the same as application .
 5-hour mark 1900 still wearable on right eye right eye more flaking on top lid left eye significant smudging on undereye both sides ' lashes look the same as application .
 8-hour mark 2200 unwearable both eyes have severe flaking smudging on top below eyes
had to soak a cotton pad leave it on my eye to slightly melt the mascara .
after lots of rubbing i still could n't get all of it off .
i have to go in with an oil cleanser for this one .
value using the 'average ' amount of mascara to be 0.27 fl oz this particular tube has a 31.48 value due to its increased size .
results i think in this case the 'primer curl ' weighed down the lashes whereas the side with just the mascara looked lightweight fluffy all day
recommend no but if you choose to get it i recommend wearing for a maximum of 5 hours on uncurled unprimed lashes .
it 's now 12 hours later it 's nearing completion of the 24-hour print but now the screen is complete jibberish and i can not recognize anything on the screen .
i 'd give you an updated photo but my damn phone is upstairs .
actually there is a line of jibberish across the top and a similar line across the middle of the screen .
last night it was doing these random beeps '' for no reason .
do you think just a re-boot after the print is finished ?
i 'm gon na start off by saying that it 's been a while since i 've had any sort of romantic connection and i 'm definitely not looking to jump into anything romantically serious right away ... .or sexual for that matter if we ca n't make it as friends first we ca n't make it as anything else .
i 'm very upfront about my needs and really need a partner who is emotionally available and great at communicating their needs in a non-violent way .
you can stop reading if you care about what genitals your partner has or what gender they are .
i am also a relationship anarchist so it does n't really matter to me if you are poly or monogamous .
communication honesty and being open with your needs is way more important to me .
in my free time i play guitar and keyboard for funsies might even go pro if my funds ever allow it .
i also draw have a little experience with sculpting and have like a billion unfinished digital art projects hanging out on my hard drive .
i absolutely love spending time around nature i 'd really love to go foraging hiking kayaking camping not glamping and whatnot with any potential partner i have .
i am disabled with multiple disabilities but i ca n't stand being sedentary for very long and i try to push my limits often physically much to my own detriment at times i love excitement variety and adventure too much for sedentary life !
i also love to dance sing and eating meals that do n't come in plastic packaging if i can help it .
i have a cat ... .correction i am the butler of a cat named squish he sheds a lot so if you are allergic it 's not gon na work for us lol .
i also plan on getting a big strong doggo in the future to train as a service animal and maybe jumpstart a career path in dog training .
i 'm also fond of creepy/dark things i like horror sci-fi and disaster movies i listen to a lot of metal and industrial but i listen to a lot of other stuff too and i actually like spiders ... .and bugs/insects for the most part .
i 'm vaxxed and i mask up even outdoors and i wo n't meet up with anyone who does n't or anyone who refuses the vaccine without a legit scientifically accurate medical excuse .
also i 'm very much a lefty concerning politics anarcho-commie maybe ?
but i 'm also a bit of a old-fashioned country type who fishes hunts plans on being a responsible gun owner and sides with independent responsible farmers so if eating meat and self-defense are n't something you can tolerate we probably wo n't get along .
if you care about superficial/material things in life we probably wo n't get along either .
i have simple needs and i do n't need much to find happiness in life and i 'd rather be ugly poor living in a tiny log cabin and have a few good friends than living in a mansion vacationing in tahiti hanging out with a bunch of bougie shallow people and buying expensive stuff that is n't of any practical use to me .
if this resonates feel free to inbox me do n't use the chat feature though because it 's broken on my end and has been ever since the major reddit ui update .
vettel 's 2007 win at the nurburgring in formula renault 3.5 was the last time an eventual f1 champ claimed victory in a feeder series .
but i thought of how crowded f2 is and i realized that f2/gp2/fr3.5 had n't produced an f1 champion in some time .
i just got a new capture card to play my xbox games and stream it to pc to save a little bit of money .
when i plugged the thing in the video in streamlabs froze and would only return if i de-activated and reactivated it and the monitor i have the card outputting to keeps turning on and off .
ive made sure its plugged into a 3.0 and its the only thing in the bus .
ive also made sure that my computer wont turn off the bus if it uses too much power .
am i doing something wrong or do i need to return it ?
can anyone in the earnin community help me boost my max ?
btc has cracked 50k and it 's time to start getting bullish again .
whereas previous confidence intervals would have suggested that things were looking 50/50 resistance has continued to be broken time and again and money once removed is flooding right back in .
meanwhile gold continues to tumble as the true flippening of value moving from random rocks to much more useful digital assets continue .
we see that everything makes more sense moving away from fiat that can be frozen in banks and calls to end these archaically run payment processors eating an ungodly amount of fees and stopping transactions for no other reason than personal values.
nowhere is that decentralization more needed than in the rideshare industry .
one only needs to look at the sheer level of dysfunction over at uber 's offices and bro culture to know that centralizing what is becoming an essential service is far from ideal .
from diverting pay that should go to drivers into the hands of executives who do little but administrate the p2p nature of ride sharing is built for decentralization .
drife is the first decentralized solution to the rideshare problem and has overcome several obstacles to create a sustainable uptrend .
still currently below a 10m market cap there is a serious marketing push upcoming in order to capitalize on the emerging bull market .
considering that cryptocurrency bull markets typically start by multiplying the market caps of projects with promising utility this is expertly timed with drife ready to claim a much more reasonable market cap given its potential .
after all if you could tell rideshare drivers all over the world that they could cut the middleman out and get more of the fares right into their pocket as they would be able to with drife they 'd likely all start migrating over .
once drife has the best international coverage for rideshares consumer bases will naturally flip over and get this market cap closer to uber 's 76b market cap .
these are the courses i have fall semester for my first year im thinking about double majoring in poli sci int relations has anyone taken these courses/have any general advice etc ? ?
also i have 6 classes so 3.00 credits is that too much to take on ?
pol101h1 f fall the real world of politics an introduction
a post mortem of political disasters catastrophic policy failures and epic marches of folly
andrew looks up seeing his soon-to-be wife 's face looking at him .
he looks down at his wife 's face red-eyed and teary-faced as she goes through a great effort birthing their first child .
andrew looks down to see his wife 's face tired but with a bright smile on her face as their second child is born .
he sees his wife 's face tired and weary but seeing her smile made the last 60 years worth every bit of pain and suffering they went through .
only wishing now it was him that was suffering and not her .
he coughs knowing it was n't going to be too long before he sees his wife again .
i 'm a bit confused at gojo 's full strength .
in his fight vs toji he said that only a few even among the gojo clan knew about purple .
that made me think that it was his strongest attack .
now i 'm pretty sure sukuna must have at least fought one six eyes user with limitless in the golden age of sorcerers .
if gojo really does n't have any other stronger attack then should n't sukuna be much stronger than him ?
it was implied that even mahoraga defeated a six eyes user whereas sukuna using his domain completely destroyed him .
but then i remember gojo saying let 's get a little rough '' when he first showed hollow purple vs hanami .
that kind of makes it seem like purple is nowhere close to his strongest technique but we do n't really know .
gojo is my favourite character but if this really is his strongest power i think sukuna would take him out in a minute using his domain .
i do n't want something like that to happen though cuz it would be a shock for all gojo fans to see how weaker he is compared to sukuna .
do you guys think he has a stronger attack or any way he can actually counter sukuna ?
i know we do n't even fully understand sukuna 's technique like how he used fire vs jogo but i really want to know what you guys think .
do you have to finish a book once you start it ?
for the past few months i 've started reading all of a book 's popular highlights before i start the first chapter .
i know i can turn that feature off on kindle but will i ?
worst disclaimer/elaboration all reading is good reading aint trying to change or shame anyone 's game here
i 'm looking for the best light and red dot for the 43x mos .
i hired an attorney to draw up a contract for a person i was hiring for designs overseas .
once i got the contract it was just one page and i saw some similar contracts online but not verbatim .
i found the lawyer by doing a google search .
is there not a website for lawyers similar to rate my professor ?
given its personal i do n't want to post it here but anyone who could help out i could dm them .
the micro usb does n't goes all the way to the end and keep loose but still working .
... anxious mothers cuddling their babies and clutches of carefree children playing in the mud .
i looked up the dictionary but i could n't find any definition of clutch ' that could fit in that context .
i think the clutches ' means groups ' in that sentence but does that make sense ?
i just got the 1998 baseball season board game and want to start .
i 've watched some videos and get the gist of how to play a basic game but what prep is required to play a season ?
i am a yankees fan hence why i picked 1998 and want to play as them for the year .
it seems like playing every single team would be a massive undertaking for a newbie .
as a manager of both teams do i try and what 's best for both teams simultaneously ?
for example if i 'm the yankees batting do i assist the defense in holding base runners on and such ?
i also looked at some old posts and downloaded iscore viewer .
would you recommend using this app or sticking with pen and paper for first season ?
so back to the start prep do i just find the yankees schedule and go in order ?
do you suggest using the exact starters from the actual year in that sequence or do you pick and choose on your own ?
in regards to the other 28 teams playing that day do i just use historical wins/losses to keep track of other teams for the year ?
so ultimately the final season standings will be identical besides my slight adjustments for yankees outcomes ?
i 'm sure i 'll have plenty of more questions along the way but this is what i can think of without playing anything .
also any other suggestions or advice is greatly appreciated .
also these red and white dice are kinda junky for 62 .
whats the diffrents between thrustmaster t80 and t80 ferrari edition ?
so i live in an area that gets super windy in the fall .
unfortunately this is ruining my plans to have a bomb ass decorated house for halloween .
last year i spent hours making a camp crystal lake sign that got decimated by the wind .
any tips for how i can decorate in a wind proof way ?
i am trying to do all custom decorations because i like crafting so all ideas are welcome .
i imagine he would make peace with the humans or fuck back off to the dark continent given there 's really no winning if the humans just nukes everything in desperation .
what games do you guys think will be announced for gamepass
i do n't actually want him to die but god sometimes i imagine what my life would be like if he was n't in it anymore and i get mad that he is in it
do you want to clean your system remove bloatware installed by windows or install basic software ?
i can do it for you by remote desktop .
i wanted to buy nzxt kraken z73 3x120mm or aorus waterforce x 360 there is any different between them ?
or should i buy the one who has better price now ?
i 'm not yet pregnant but hoping to be in the next month or two .
i currently work at a restaurant where the manager smokes outside but he comes back in smelling like smoke and several of the employees vape inside .
i already knew that secondhand smoke was bad for people in general but as i 've been reading about pregnancy i 've been finding that it 's really not good for the developing baby .
and i 've seen studies that say that secondhand vape is almost as bad for you as vaping yourself but i ca n't find anything about secondhand vape 's effect on the baby .
i 'm assuming it 's probably not great though .
i do n't know what i can really do about it though .
i already do my best to avoid being around my coworkers when they vape or my manager when he comes in from smoking but i 'm worried about what i 'm going to do when there 's a baby involved .
i might be able to get my manager to make a policy that vaping has to be done outside but my coworkers would n't be happy about it .
i also do n't know if he 'd be able to enforce it since we have a bunch of rooms in our building .
he might be able to get people to comply if he told them pointe is pregnant '' but some of them already do n't like me and that might make that situation worse .
im looking for games not matter from what year can be old from the 80 's
which dos n't have any text from npc or voice acting great example is hyper light drifter
i found an azure ratholos from a den randomly .
the egg was only a good shine instead of rainbow so only 2 skills got 3 .
can i upgrade all my skills with nutriments so that this bonus is null at higher levels with 3 even matter .
i know rainbow eggs have better genes but i can eventually upgrade that through farming .
i 'm just curious if i can start leveling this one safely ?
i literally posted this because i thought it was funny that dsj was clowning luka .
no clue why this sub is acting the way it is .
i almost feel like when i get the chance going back onto a new intercessor and trying to replicate this but taking my time and really trying to make it look amazing .
before you know it you 'll be at 90 days .
i 'd boost you but i only have one and i 'll definitely have to trade with someone i 'm sorry !
the taliban was funded and created by the us .
then you 're not beholden to their restrictions and do n't have to compete with all the states that are going to fight over it ...
even as a smol she loved climbing curtains to the top and scaling the curtain rod .
he was fantasizing about how her body is beginning to change and develop and he wanted to take her innocence away .
there are plenty of 13 year old girls who are prepubescent .
i do n't recall my fastest time but i know i did it in a cfa-44 with emls
you didnt have to but ty for your hard work and for helping
images must only be of spaces without meme-text/writing or people/characters .
i 've found my new hobby taking people to dairy queen for the first time and seeing their reactions to me turning my blizzard cups upside down
came in to say the same also noticed that both uber eats and uber rides gave me 5 back
unless theres another extension or something i 'm missing .
can it even link other pages of the wiki ?
op is thinking of having anal sex with her do n't think he really cares about religion .
southern baghlan province is very anti-taliban and borders to the panjshir valley so its great to see them liberated so quickly .
whos getting dropped if youre playing brooks bonner chase and mayers ?
there 's likely only 2 more including the one that 's gon na be released soon
if you win take a dab if you lose take a fatter dab
anybody who both sides '' everything is either trying to placate people or leans the less popular way on an issue and does n't want to admit it .
one day in norfolk me my dad and a cousin went to the beach .
the sea itself was a lot rougher than usual but my dad advised that it was safe provided i stayed in the middle of the beach instead of where the groynes were because of rip currents .
anyway being a stupid 12 year old i did n't notice the sea slowly pulling me towards the groynes and further out to sea until i realised i could n't feel sand on my feet .
so i start panicking thrashing around and screaming for my dad to help me .
now my dad 's never been a particularly strong swimmer but i saw him shoot towards me like a damn torpedo that day .
he grabbed me then threw me towards the other side of the groyne .
in hindsight i was incredibly lucky the current in that particular area was going back towards the beach .
anyway i made it back to the safety of the sand and absolutely broke down .
my dad had somehow managed to find his way to safety too and we both just lay on the beach crying at the near death experience .
i 'm gon na be honest we 've never spoken about the incident since it happened which may not be a healthy way to cope .
nevertheless i learnt how terrifying the sea could be .
they are going to turn the site to a more stock market base but they ca n't do that because of all the porn .
i do n't see how that could be a problem when twitter is full of it .
ooooooh i think because it not a social media site because ppl are paying for subscriptions therefore the site would have to change that platform to something like twitter .
regardless if someone says they do n't want a calling that should be respected .
assigning someone a calling after they specifically asked not to be assigned is rude .
in this situation they probably just forgot or at least that should be the assumption .
i mean as long as you remove the side effect of my cock falling off anytime i use my x-ray vision to do pervert stuff i do n't mind
i 'm so many 15 minutes early i 'm ready for pt tomorrow .
tying health care to employment is a terrible idea and always has been .
the vaccine can not stop the entry of virus into your body .
what 's important is your symptoms each time you 've gotten it .
were you symptomatic each time or did you find out while getting screened for something ?
age of mythology ... lleno de bugs el online es una basura que falla constantemente no lo juega mucha gente ... pero sin embargo ah va el rts ms divertido que all existido
your comment was interesting to me as a new gun owner so i did a little research .
it sounds like the higher grain bullets will have less exit velocity mostly due to same or less powder .
there are a few short and interesting articles on it if you enjoy some light physics .
mrs miggins might have phoned up and said you 'd been standing there staring at her house stroking and licking a knife and then putting it in your pocket .
she might have lied down the phone to the police and they might have sent someone on the hurry up to you .
the grounds they 've been given might have been a pack of lies but if they 've been given intelligence like that and think you 've got a knife in your pocket your getting search legally .
i 'm a north american living in tashkent and i speak russian every day .
if i had time i 'd love to learn uzbek but i do n't know if that 's in the cards .
i 'd say promoting only fans on something that 's so amazing just to score some quick bucks is more rude..
maybe but its still disappointing to see as a manga-reader .
i really hope the anime-adaptation will make up for it .
this is much more organized than everything i am capable of building d
that it 's entirely possible if not likely that you 'll die alone and that self-improvement is a lifelong process that will bring you happiness and success .
and that people not loving you for you '' could be that they 're an asshole or you could take it as feedback on what you still need to improve .
used to use it to call mostly friends a bitch .
other than that it was rather rare to need it .
well in that case i have a scabby rabid dog that 's going to be put down .
put me in something that involves less labour and more money .
computer programming is one of these aka fixing other people 's shit code or fixing problems by creating programs/scripts
seems like you confused fixing stuff '' with manual labour '' .
in france/europe he was competing at sfco lans winning 9 in a row with different teams on wwii/bo4 .
the guy is just so nice well educated and win oriented i 've been waiting for him to turn 18 for years crone knows
the best way to be lazy is to prepare to do so .
cook 3 meals at the same time and do the dishes once .
make cookie batter and freeze it so you are always prepared to say fuck nabisco .
and what about guys who drive those small daihatsu trucks ?
they 're assumptions based on what are as likely to be sensationalized media stories as not .
in my area those i know who are concerned about vaccines for themselves are respectful of other people 's choices .
my family masks up and keeps at least a 6 ' distance maintains a wide berth from others when we 're out walking maskless on the lightly populated neighborhood sidewalks and otherwise try not to add to the quiet hysteria of fellow humans already crazed by the long and continuing psychological ordeal of this situation .
as a bucs fan for over 30 years the idea that this is even a realistic possibility blows my mind !
yeah my bad i probably used the wrong term .
in 1849 sarah nelson quindle exposed her elbow outdoors which was a class-a felony .
although she felt the law unjust she acknowledged that she had broken it and she nobly accepted her punishment to be set adrift on lake michigan like a human popsicle.
that 's nice darling but i like to be able to understand what people are saying as i 'm reading it .
all i was thinking is who had sex with this computer .
depends what kind of hours we 're talking here but assuming typical 40hr/wk you should be fine for a single person .
being filipino you 'll fit in well here much more so than florida .
those are just basic responsibilities any leader also has to do ... kesian the kampung people to be honest .
they never know of any better option in existence .
they thought they already got the best toy when in fact it is possible to get a better one.. ph have to do something about this if they really wan na stay as a government .
it should be in the third page of the learning process
well they are but what i 'm saying is that none of the fossiliferous rocks along the mediterranean coast can be that old .
they do n't occur there the oldest fossiliferous rocks along the mediterranean coast are miocene..
i have no idea why but he looks like a freddy
les administrations dmocrates et celle de biden n'y chappe pas sont des flaux d'un point de vue stratgique pour les us pour le monde libre dans la mesure o sous le couvert de pacifisme les autres retrouvent des forces agressives hgmoniques ... fin du dsengagement en afghanistan l'iran acclre comme jamais son enrichissement d'uranium ...
do not want to be negative but you bought at the top this stock ticks a lot of boxes excellent 'pedigree ' but some wierdness as well 50 million in gold bullion ?
your position is a bull trap next exit opportunity is before or after earnings if you want to .
dated a women for 2 years who got me into veganism within the first couple months of dating her .
told me about factory farming showed me documentary 's and taught me how to cook vegan .
she was really passionate about it and was a bit of a activist .
1 day i was having a egg on toast and she blew up at me .
asked me how i could eat that stuff with everything that i knew about factory farming .
when we broke up we still stayed as friends .
but a year later she went back to eating meat .
said it was for health reasons and said she felt better .
i 'm not entirely sure what the health reasons were though .
we do n't talk any more because i moved out of town and we just naturally never kept up with the friendship .
but i still remember her cooking lessons and everything else she taught me about veganism .
i do n't mean to rain on the love fest but really i just find this depressing .
would 've been nice to have drafted any kind of serious offensive talent in 20 years of drafts and not have the most pitifully invisible playoff scoring possible for his career
would like to write a letter to my younger self too to say that glen sather runs this team and i should do something productive with my nights instead of have any hope for this team such that i give them 80-110 nights a year of my time for half my life .
and now he gets to kick off retirement with a heart condition .
making different and amazing theory and were disappointed with the final results and ca n't just leave it be .
then maybe the whole problem lies with the monthly manga theory crafters in that u people should n't have expected a media to go in ur way in the first place and leave all those essays u guys wrote or monthly discussions .
i mean isayama is not referring or keeping a constant eye on r/titanfolk 's theories and desires to direct snk in ur way there 's just no way to quench u guys ' thirst all the while satisfying everyone .
i understand ur feeling of betrayal from yams but what u guys a complaining is utterly stupid story did n't pan out in ur way snk batshit ending shit ?
i would n't have any problem with this fiasco if ... ... .
3 why not juat ignore us manag reader just do n't pay attention to us .
... ... if u guys do n't make manga ending bad i cry i hate it '' facade felt so affluentely across internet and only keep that in ur community .
for example whenever anime onlies talk about eren u guys scramble and cuck hold us saying haha ch139 goes brrr '' he simp lol '' he genocidal maniac '' .
u guys ' breed is spread across all the internet referring and converging everything to ending bad '' .
u tag a post anime spoilers and talk about the nature of the bad shitshow '' the later events of the not-yet-released anime is going to be because u 've read and hated the manga .
u did n't leave an option for us to not to ignore u manga readers .
u want ur voice to be heard by everyone .
i would sell my gf for ganyu and her best bow to help my friends grind and kill bosses
as another feller said lets avoid breaking the rule 5 and not talk about politics
yea i have my criticism about him too but i never really disagreed with any of the 5 star matches he approved that i 've seen .
i just think he 's missed a lot of matches that should 've been 5 star and he seems to nitpick reasons to give them a 4.75 instead but it 's his opinion at the end of the day .
still think triple h vs undertaker at wm 28 deserved the nod tho
akainu and aokiji during their fight have better feats than all those characters you mentioned .
i 'd have walked away ... but then again i do n't carry a r and burglary kit w me .
it 's the same concept as celsius they buy their token cel to pay out the interest it seems to be working well for them .
i have the 6 quart duo so it 's the one with the air fryer lid included .
i use the basket for everything frozen so far but i am using it for the frying part '' not the roasting or the dehydrator functions .
i know is mainly to let the hot air flow and circulate so it crisps .
so i do my fries hash browns shrimp fish sticks chicken nuggets and fried pickles all in the basket that is inside the liner .
admittedly i hate having to clean both but it does make things taste more like fresh from the fryer .
all my onlyfans subscribers will receive an access key to my new platform .
make a chapter of angry marines fight the pla in the next war and the prc 's soldiers will all go home with their butts turned inside out .
i used to think he was just a trombone with a fella attached love him now .
your tattoo that is right above your pu y to keep it real that got ta hurt
this sub has made be appreciate being danish more than i ever have before 
your post has been automatically removed due to low account karma .
you can post all across reddit to increase the comment karma needed
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/truckers if you have any questions or concerns .
a good analogy takes something complicated or rare and likens it to something simple or common so that it can be better understood by a broad audience .
arguably speaking that requires that the two things be similar .
you would n't really say a nuclear bomb is like dropping a huge rock in a puddle unless you were only trying to convey that a nuke makes a big explosion because it just does n't convey the destructive power .
the pie analogy is n't even difficult to fix really .
you could just say something like you 're given a pie that makes you feel ill or that you 're mildly allergic to and trying to eat it makes it hard for you to function and that 's why you need a different pie .
the problem is that this person is literally trying to describe the gender euphoria approach which is really more like in an ideal world where a character creation menu popped up when you were born what character would you design ? which is n't really the standard experience for trans people in general .
most people would change something about themselves in such a character creator if they could .
please tell me i smell like kopi luwak a coffee made from coffee cherries that have been eaten digested and defecated by the asian palm civet a small mammal that looks like a cross between a cat and a raccoon .
i 'm not against the american people just against the hyperconsumerist american culture that has ruled for the past 80 years .
i even admitting and with glee that it is dying among the next generations who are being abandoned so that corporation and the older well-off middle class can keep their lifestyles intact .
cultural marxism is a far-right antisemitic conspiracy theory which claims western marxism as the basis of continuing academic and intellectual efforts to subvert western culture .
the conspiracists claim that an elite of marxist theorists and frankfurt school intellectuals are subverting western society with a culture war that undermines the christian values of traditionalist conservatism and promotes the cultural liberal values of the 1960s counterculture and multiculturalism progressive politics and political correctness misrepresented as identity politics created by critical theory .
the 2011 norway attacks referred to in norway as 22 july norwegian 22. juli or as 22/7 were two sequential domestic terrorist attacks by anders behring breivik against the government the civilian population and a workers ' youth league auf summer camp in which 77 people were killed .
the first attack was a car bomb explosion in oslo within regjeringskvartalet the executive government quarter of norway at 15:25:22 cest .
the bomb was placed inside a van next to the tower block housing the office of the then prime minister jens stoltenberg .
f.a.q https www.reddit.com/r/wikisummarizer/wiki/index wiki_f.a.q opt out https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=wikisummarizerbot message=optout subject=optout opt out of subreddit https np.reddit.com/r/jordanpeterson/about/banned github https github.com/sujal-7/wikisummarizerbot downvote to remove v1.5
probably the project x crew trying to get hold of that nsa data 
u right but that flame thrower things has n't taken off yet ive basically never heard of any real use of it yet it was just that one video that demonstrates how it works ive seen
i can smell it just by looking at it lmfaooo
all comments must be civil and helpful toward finding an answer .
jokes and unhelpful comments will earn you a ban even on the first instance and even if the item has been identified .
if you see any comments that violate this rule report them .
op u/11455 when your item is identified remember to reply solved !
check your inbox https www.reddit.com/message/inbox for a message on how to make your post visible to others .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whatisthisthing if you have any questions or concerns .
i used to shave everything until i realized a bald fuppa looks more odd than one with some hair  .
now i just neatly trim it with one of those bikini trimmers .
alna is a cele so getting her to a should cost you a tons of diamonds .
keeping her at e e would not help much as she is not enough to do anything for now .
so it 's better to first investing on the 4f heroes especially gb .
it would help you process faster in the game to open more useful features than just sitting for weeks in a chapter .
however if there is a choice chest of four normal factions and a celehypo always pick the celehypo because they are more variable .
as you are new any comp with a tank and a carry would be ok to clear the stages at least until chapter 15 i guess .
they 'll probably give it a new name if it gets dubbed though
they signed an exclusive contract to lock down the rights to all the team and player names .
it 's just gotten lower and lower effort ever since .
hopefully next time i 'll try to catch it all 
all their documents say 2018 even their 2018 ones ... report date is what you should look at not the obm expires date or should you be ? ?
sadly i have n't read any other book from this author .
but i 'll definitely recommend the last mrs. parrish '' it has a similar vibe .
moon dumps to 1c ... more people will tip then maybe ? ?
if i 'm not wrong smokey should be fire while genevieve should be thunder .
i watched erik play cod a few times in the darker days of the pandemic .
he sucked really bad and would blame his far superior teammates for everything .
he 's such a dickhead to the people he plays with and he 's by far the worst one on the team .
it 's actually fine if he 's trash because he 's an older guy just be funny and entertaining you 're a comedian after all .
so i 'm guessing you drive a rotted out dodge and if you had hair itd be a mullet
imagine how much better the world would be if we could control who we wanted to bang .
make sure to post your link as a comment in your post so people know where to find you .
if you are looking for more subreddits to join we welcome you to check out our onlyfans101 network which include the following subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansnextdoorgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
think of a one way street a lot of enemies but still the wrong direction
well the wrong development can make a bad character its common movie sense dude
not really but i have always been good at dumbbell press since stronger than bigger people i started lifting weights .
i can say like 4 years ago before i started hitting weights 225 was scary and it was the goal weight/lift .
can say improving form and my training focus over last 6 months has been huge .
finding how to translate the dumbbell strength focusing on my weaknesses and changing reps/weights/workouts to consistently trick the muscles .
biggest gains on my bench have been heavy focus on my triceps form focus consistently hitting my back 2x a week .
having a big strong back is huge when it comes to benching imo .
i workout 6 days a week ... legs chest back all get hit 2x a week and rest on sunday .
it looks like you 're trying to post a direct image to r/dataisbeautiful .
i 've removed the current thread since you 're probably trying to do one of several things .
please note that we require you to post the complete original source article https redd.it/2lokun so that the readers can get context the author can get credit and third parties do n't get hits from stealing another person 's work .
posts must directly link to the visualization where it was originally introduced by the author not an image on the site but the actual full web page article .
usually a link to the original source is in the first couple paragraphs of where you found it .
you may wish to try tineye https www.tineye.com or reverse google images https images.google.com .
if you need assistance click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdataisbeautiful subject=need 20help 20finding 20the 20original 20source message=i 20need 20help 20finding 20the 20original 20source 20of 20this 20image 20https www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/p9ges8/marijuana_legalization_over_time_in_the_usa .
... and the author of the reddit post is the original author of that visual i.e .
you 've checked thoroughly that the thread you are trying to link is the first instance ever of that visual and you 've followed the steps above
copy the url of the reddit thread you are trying to crosspost .
go to the submission page https www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/submit and paste the url of the thread .
note that this subreddit does not currently have crossposting enabled .
try submitting the wikipedia or wikimedia commons link instead of the raw file .
a quick look at the url should confirm this .
that is just the image and is the same issue with hotlinking an article image from a website there is no context .
copyright license author source and even a link to the revision history .
the same is the case with link c. in the ideal case the b or c examples are the acceptable links .
... then you probably just forgot to add oc to the title .
resubmit https www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/submit ? sidebar title=title 20your 20visualization 20but 20keep 20the 20closing 20tag 20 5boc 5d btn your thread with the phrase oc somewhere in the title .
automoderator will send you a private message instructing you how to cite your post .
if you have done everything correctly u/oc-bot will be along shortly to reward you with flair https www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/wiki/flair wiki_oc_flair and sticky your citations .
please note that you may only tag a post as oc if and only if you made it yourself .
we are very strict about plagiarism r/dataisbeautiful/wiki/rules/rule3 in this subreddit .
no screenshots of someone else 's apps do not count .
leave this post as-is and message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdataisbeautiful subject=exception 20for inaccesible 20content message=i 20need 20an 20exception 20for 20this 20post 20https www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/p9ges8/marijuana_legalization_over_time_in_the_usa 0a 0aoriginal 20link 20 .
in your modmail message be sure to reference the original document .
your post will be manually approved by the mod team and we 'll sticky the original link or pdf to the top of the comment thread so our readers can get context .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dataisbeautiful if you have any questions or concerns .
i already kinda knew i wanted to be the titan class when destiny got revealed .
striker being the cool i 'll break everything in my way '' type of class and defender the get behind me ! ''
the very first fist of havoc i activated in the d1 beta sealed that deal .
it just felt so powerful and unlike anything i had ever encountered .
and being able to place a bubble over a downed team mate just felt good .
i really like both sides of the coin in games being able to go full offense and full defense/support whenever i feel like it and titan ticked both of those boxes !
been a titan main from the very start and will be until the very end !
accounts with low karma are not allowed to post in r/amateur .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to post here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose karma limits .
we do not make exceptions so please do not ask .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amateur if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah we need something fresh and new maybe the utah missionaries or utah pioneers would be good and fitting
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mauerstrassenwetten if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's was no manual in the packaging and i 've never felt more lost before .
i just really hope they keep the same animation style and quality for hazbin hotel .
helluva boss ' animation has been stellar so far .
tbh it 's a massive improvement over both pilots .
i would honestly be quite dissapointed if the animation for hazbin hotel is the same as it 's pilot .
i would be so happy if it 's the same as it 's sister series .
that sounds easy it wo n't fulfill a zero planetary base '' condition but in regular play we 've all made bases in any playthrough .
i saw it in a small movie theater in greece and paid the equivalent of 2 for the ticket .
it played for a few weeks and the theater was half-full when i watched it .
i ca n't exactly explain it but i 'm not talking about neural activity .
but think about it like this picturing a leaf arbitrary example next to you takes no more time than picturing an identical leaf a lightyear away .
the imagination the picturing is not subject to physical distance just our brain 's speed is
similarly a thought can not have mass though the neurochemicals caused by it may do .
this is what i meant it does n't relate to the physical model at all so it does n't have a body to speak of
i 'm sorry if i have n't explained myself clearly
imagine teaching children about how the state allowed and enforced racist legislation ?
they may just create children who want to abolish any state entity that could wield that power .
or create children who want the state to fix this problems .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
0.48 per 100 credits 0.5 per 100 for purchases below 8.6k
he does kinda look like a hobbit he 's got ta have some magical stuff laying around
dm me if you wan na ask more about this p
how can clouds be lit up by the sun from below ?
perspective could explain it all looking like it goes to the horizon but it ca n't actually place the sun below the clouds .
gsp and khabib were never in the same weight class .
at the time of khabib 's 3rd ufc fight the lw champion was bendo he would lose the belt to pettis later that year .
i absolutely am obsessed with a court of thorns and roses series so i 'm always up to fan girl !
i think jc is a very polarizing character haha because he is deeply flawed and people have different perspectives on his actions .
i will add that broadly speaking there is debate in china about focusing 'internally ' and losing sight of the broader picture .
jc 's decision are a classic example of this .
no one would criticize you for making your family safe keeping yourself safe etc .
and sorting out a country 's internal politics is always important .
but in the context of ... well china where warring states was historical status quo there is also a strong theme of having to sacrifice internally for the bigger picture .
bro eu to na zn e t assim tambm sp t virando inabitvel t maluco
if you would like to learn how to verify please visit this link https www.reddit.com/r/dadsandboys/wiki/verification .
this is not a requirement you can still post here without verifying .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadsandboys if you have any questions or concerns .
but do n't wear masks because it 's freedom of choice
oh in that case enclave are ironically in the libertarian right
everyone has these and everyone is selling them for like maybe ten bucks .
do it because you genuinely love her or do n't want to keep her .
imo not to sound like a gatekeeper for collecting there comes a point you either keep them or let them go because you like them or maybe need room or money or do n't like them anymorei would never suggest someone to sell them solely for the money because i think it 's pretty rare for most barbies to sell for a lot of money .
yea no free cp unless you buy the battle pass you get free cp there so sorry bud no freebie cp got ta earn it
the stolas scene was something else ... all 3 of them
i 'm in restaurant management my front of house girls are largely new and new to the industry the girls i have who are n't new are so burned out from enforcing masks .
i 'm concerned my team will leave due to the abuse and i ca n't blame them .
we work in a restaurant that prides itself on environmentalism and many customers have told us they do n't believe in the vaccine .
i 've seen rumours that dine in will require vaccination take out wo n't .
so maybe it 's best we just close our dining rooms again ...
and then on the other hand i have family who refuse to get vaccinated .
my mother in law does n't care if she ca n't fly does n't care if she ca n't go to large events including our wedding next year ... but she loves eating at restaurants .
i 'm eager to learn more on monday like if this is even real .
but it 's going to make work harder my personal life harder ... and i 'm still for it .
unless it 's not the same n*no i 'm thinking of lol .
if you do n't value the concept of liberty you have no place in the us .
you can do your own thing but the fucking hell you 're going to make me do it or respect it .
you understand that or do you just want to keep pissing on yourself pretending you have a point .
a libertarian society will not thrive if authoritarians enter it and start demanding everyone do as they say .
it 's far easier to tell them 'no thanks we do n't need you here ' .
this would be perfect for a paintball arena or something
i hear you i really do but at the same time if you 're uk based you 're barely gon na see the hood over whatever jacket you wear when it 's absolutely chucking it down with rain most the year round and even with the hood up it ai n't gon na be as pointy when you wrap it over your head and that extra room means you can probably get a cap or beanie on without the hood just slipping away every 5 min or it only covering half the hat like some do .
i ca n't tell you how to spend your money g but one thing i will say is 300 odd yuan is a hell of a lot better than 200 gbp on the resale
hello u/lopassss this is a common question and there are many solutions that can be found by using the search option to the right .
however smuggling drugs onto an airplane is always high risk and is never to be advised .
mailing it to your destination is a much safer alternative .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/drugs if you have any questions or concerns .
they are root and herb blends that the chinese medicine doctor mixes for you .
some doctors give you the herbs and have you make your own teas .
if you go this route be very careful and source out doctors that have a very good reputation and understand skin issues and no not buy any lotions .
when i grew up in the 80 's and 90 's i always thought who is ever gon na want a truck or car from the 70 's 80 's big and boxy and ugly.. now i want one again.. lol
i rember laughing a new earth tennant 's first propper episode due to the body swapping between cassandra and everyone .
i also think that lets kill hitler was pretty funny with alex kingston getting to really go wild as river and rory mocking amy etc
i think i started sanitizing my electronics since i got my first portable one psp back in 2007 i assume .
my father used to get us our own pharmaceuticals and it always included antibacterial wipes that we used to carry with us to school and picnics .
these wipes are what i did and still do use to sanitize my phone .
we all know gary will go off the rails in his response with  
oh ya i do have that mask saves me a lot
this means instead of concentrating on their surroundings drivers now have to stare at their speedometer to go under that natural speed .
this makes accidents more likely since you are n't paying attention to your surroundings .
you do not need to stare at your speedometer to go say 2 mph within your target speed .
there is no need to stare at your speedometer and if you think you do you 're not a competent driver .
novice drivers taking their driving test are expected to drive accurately to the target speed while not staring at their speedometer but dividing their attention anticipating the actions of other road users and making good effective observations .
if you 're unable to do what a novice driver is expected to demonstrate on their driving test your skills have seriously atrophied and you need to get some refresher training .
the ability to divide ones attention effectively is a very basic driving skill .
if this is true of your driving as you say it is
... then you really need some refresher training for the safety of those around you .
these are basic driving skills for christ 's sake .
we as readers have a certain omniscience but to the in world people it 's literally like wtf
they 'd be like no way wait unless absolutely not but ... which makes it damn fun for us to read
i mean for me the best part in the 1.5 billion bounty is n't the shanks we 'll meet soon or the 5th emperor but actually just a coby moment when he removed his goggles and reads the article thinking luffy san and crying like that 's how i felt myself and that 's what makes op epic
did you not pay any attention to the availability of primers powder and bullets during the peak of the pandemic ?
all of it was nearly impossible to find and when it was available it was horribly priced .
i 'm interested in this project after hearing about it on coin bureau .
i 'm not sure what you mean exactly but you want to use the suggest name less option from the menu in his people album .
if you remove him as a person entirely ios may no longer be able to identify him in the photos in order to know to exclude him .
everyone is a sinner that 's the fucking point of jesus dying ...
up by 2 goals with a few minutes to go yet i 'm still clenching .
i would n't worry about so much until the end game except maybe doing some farming with sacrifice .
if you want to upgrade the weapons to max you will be doing a lot of farming certain item and you get a lot of gils along the way .
lord gets away with a mistake of leaving one over the plate and johnson swings right under it .
that makes the count 1-2 and johnson lets the next pitch pass ... for strike three !
he slaps the bat a bit on his way back to the dugout knowing he let one get by him .
if i had a consistent 60 fps i 'd cry
i played a game the other day where the best move to make which was confirmed by the cc computer was a series of checks that forced mate .
on the third check my opponent says in chat dude is your whole strategy just giving checks and hoping your opponent blunders ?
like ... was this dude just salty or did he honestly not see the mate in 5 ?
i also added rules to the sidebar added removal reasons and adjusted the language in the rules and got rid of the politics rule i did this after realizing that in the eyes of society our lives are seen as political and a lot of our experiences may be shaped by politics .
this does n't mean that this is a politics sub but only that politics will be quietly allowed .
i also found out how to pin posts to the top of the sub !
i 'm moving currently so there may not be updates for a bit .
kinda silly of me to make a sub right before a move but i 'll start work when i 've got the time !
been considering changing sub name to transfemculture seeing as how transfems and trans girls generally speaking have similar experiences .
sure our identities may be different but not enough i do n't think to have them create a separate sub .
will be changing the language of flairs and rules soon
9/3/21 finally finished icon but do n't have an idea on what to do for banner .
probably just going to put on the trans fem flag .
so i 've never had issues with this until a few weeks ago .
i 'm a music producer and no matter what i throw at my laptop it 's always been able to handle it .
it crashes my projects mid session and kills my creativity groove .
i 've never had these issue before they just popped up .
i thought at first it was a crypto mining virus but even when i 'm not connected to the internet it still creeps up to 100 cpu usage in the task manager .
i deleted/turned off the majority of the start up applications that were n't needed norton virus protection etc i downloaded cc cleaner and it said it did n't find any problematic files .
thit k ni tht  lt nguyen decor  lt .
thit k ni tht  lt nguyen decor  lt .
just wanted to check with you if someone joins an axie infinity game invests in creatures assembles a team and loses battles if he/she will also lose money in that process .
also do you recommend a faq where i can find more answers about the game process ?
buying google reviews may seem like the best way to quickly increase your overall review rating .
for a small fee you can buy 5-star reviews and get positive feedback .
maybe you are suffering from a bad review or bad grades and want to restore the balance .
after all you know that getting more reviews online drives local seo and search results ranking .
but just because you can buy google reviews does n't mean you should .
as a small business owner it can be frustrating when the reviews you expect do n't come through .
after providing a first-class product and service and asking customers to leave reviews you should anticipate getting a healthy stream of reviews from google .
then when you compare your competitors you see that they are getting more reviews than you .
read more https softacode.com/gmb information here about this article .
this article answers the burning question should i buy google reviews to improve my ratings ? ''
you will find out why your business needs more reviews .
as a bonus you will find easy ways to get google reviews for free without spending a penny .
google reviews are so crucial that they can make or break your business .
according to research 3 out of 4 companies now avoid advertising .
one reason is that consumers are reluctant to trust the company 's ads .
smart consumers now turn to online reviews to read authentic reviews from real customers .
reading about the genuine experience of others allows customers to feel more confident about their purchase decision .
not only can google reviews increase your income but they are also a form of free advertising .
this type of savings allows you to reduce expenses and focus on your bottom line .
another reason google reviews are essential to business success is that they increase your visibility .
higher ranking in search engine page results leads to more website and foot traffic and therefore higher revenue .
according to google support managing and responding to google reviews leads to a better business ranking .
here is a quote from google on the importance of managing and responding to reviews positive reviews from your customers can improve your business visibility and increase the likelihood that a buyer will visit your location . ''
the goal of every business owner should be to rank higher in search engines so that their business is one of the first to be clicked .
considering that nearly 83 percent of consumers use the google search engine it 's easy to see why having a review management strategy is vital .
of course there are many ways to get more reviews by buying google reviews asking customers or sending messages .
there are three main ways to buy google reviews .
the first is to search online for buy google reviews '' and you will find a list of websites that offer this service .
second you could pay freelancers to leave reviews on google .
third you could pay customers to leave a review .
some examples are the money-back offer discounts or free products .
although buying google reviews sounds easy it is far from ethical .
paying someone to write a review does not build trust and is not a transparent business practice .
viking-doge just fair launched and is setting sail on a mission of conquest !  we are soon to be crypto 's 1 community driven token !
as we raid pillage and conquer all other meme-tokens with our diamond hands and diamond axes and share in the treasure and riches !
viking-doge was built to be a decentralized community-driven defi token .
the viking-doge team intends to ensure that every new member of the viking-doge army joins with equal opportunity by initiating a fair launch on pancakeswap with no pre-sale conducted .
decentralized contract ownership was renounced at launch as a result of this action no individual or entity has ownership of the contract making viking-doge secure and fair for our community and truly decentralized .
viking-doge was tested extensively using the testnet prior to launch to ensure absolute security and accuracy of function it was designed to be scalable self-sustaining and to scale seamlessly and frictionlessly on a fully autonomous and rapidly growing defi ecosystem .
auto liquidity generation every viking-doge transaction contributes to liquidity ensuring price stability sustainability and security to viking-doge holders .
this feature ensures that viking-doge is sustainable and scales as our community grows .
holders can also provide additional liquidity and earn interest as our market cap grows .
every member of the viking-doge army will be able to share in the bounties of our conquests !
viking-doge nft marketplace the viking-doge nft marketplace is currently in the planning and development phase and will be released as soon as it is ready .
we will be working garner a roster of the best digital artists influencers celebrities and athletes to have an all-star lineup of nft releases at launch .
the nft releases would also be paired with merchandise to add further value to our marketplace offerings .
airdrops will also be going out to our top holders .
as our community and influence grows we intend to use this influence to set up a fully transparent charity wallet to which the viking-doge army can share the bounties of our conquest !
100 of proceeds will then be donated to foodbanks and unicef children 's education fund .
the team is very passionate about this planned initiative as we believe education is the key to improving the quality of lives of our global community !
he made a few comments on the live and it 's just so unnecessary in my opinion and only gives the t-stans more shit to talk about .
i know he 's upset but he said he was n't going to talk about her again .
how hard can ir be to just not mention her in a two hour podcast .
i always hear about cryptocurrency and investing and stuff and i 've tried to read a few articles .
and it just seems very overwhelming and confusing for someone who has never tried to get into it before .
i opened a vault on reddit but i do n't have any moons .
i also have no clue what moons are and how to get them but i think i see them next to peoples usernames .
i 've also heard of a wallet which i feel like i might need to open to collect cryptocurrency or something just trying to get the character count up at this point i have no clue what i 'm on about .
i 'd really appreciate a bit of help but i 'm such a noob that you 'd have to explain like you were talking to a 5 year old !
also have no idea which flair i 'm meant to use so sorry if it 's wrong .
how do i do but change to nintendo and put android in the same micro sd which one should i do first how can i create the partition of both on the same micro sd ?
all this does is make good players have to carry a few bad players the entire game and hope they do n't decide to go zapdos at a stupid time .
there 's no way to improve for these people by playing ranked either .
they either get carried and ranked up just to lose and even out at the same rank .
if they play with people their own skill level they can learn the game at a steadier pace .
i can only bear playing 1 or 2 games at most on a day off the ranked system is so tilting .
i 'm climbing fast and almost hit masters but it 's unbearable to play many games .
hello i 've recently encountered a lot of smokes that were coming from thin air .
no poi there also i saw multiple at once like 5 or 6 .
no matter what type of classified clone script you are considering investing in we have solutions for every requirement .
what are some settings i should change/enable to get the most out of bluestacks ?
landed on minmus successfully with also a manned rover https preview.redd.it/mfhowjkln2k71.png ? width=1600 format=png auto=webp v=enabled s=94fa76d12a1fe7ac874d00992c13102518fa3cf0
much like pancakeswap on the bsc cremepieswap is built to help users trade earn and win .
with the significant user growth on the matic chain cremepieswap has the opportunity to become the leading dex and growing to pancakeswap level of adoption .
using best practices from successful dex 's on the binance smart chain cpie will help drive exponential growth of matic .
lead chain adoption by creating the lowest fee highest rewarding amm on the polygon matic network .
big apr up to 800 working on the basis of a solid liquidity
 partnered with ten-time world boxing champion manny pacquiao 
users are in total ownership of their money and they can trade directly from their wallet app .
0.05 of every trade made on cremepieswap amm is burned .
liquidity providers get lp tokens that guarantee many benefits including trading fee discount and access to a broader range of polygon matic products .
auto cpie pool 2 of every yield harvest in the auto creme pool is burned .
the lp tokens that users have received by providing liquidity can be staked in the farm to earn more cpie
guess the price of maticusdt for the day to earn rewards .
an exact guess of the matic price could earn you cpie just for trying out as your own ta !
users can choose to commit any amount of cpie they want to join the prediction market .
3 of every matic price prediction round is used to buy back cpie for burning .
2 lottery sessions per day each lasting for 12 hours
one user can purshare as many tickets as he wants but 50 maximum at a time
tickets that match all 4 digits of the lottery jackpot in the exact order get 50 of the pot .
according to this post on nasdaq website front running will still exist in eth 2.0. it has to do how transactions are validated/processed .
now i 'm not 100 knowledgeable on the tech part especially not with eth 2.0 so i was wondering is front running possible on cardano too ?
can stake pool owners i take see what is being send in the network then publish a transaction before it front run it ?
sadly i 'm not that well versed in the technical aspects of oroborous the consensus method of cardano and also dot ... but surely someone on this reddit has the answer .
i am trying go gauge interest in a service that would make it life easier when calorie counting .
personally the chore of logging everything and repeating the same meals over and over because they are easy to log is the main reason i stop using myfitnesspal consistently .
i am thinking of a food delivery service with personalized meal planning .
it would pre populate myfitnesspal for you with the food .
if and when you do n't eat something you can simply delete it .
is this something that you would find convenient enough to pay for perhaps just at regular food delivery prices ?
if so what features would you like to see ?
much like pancakeswap on the bsc cremepieswap is built to help users trade earn and win .
with the significant user growth on the matic chain cremepieswap has the opportunity to become the leading dex and growing to pancakeswap level of adoption .
using best practices from successful dex 's on the binance smart chain cpie will help drive exponential growth of matic .
lead chain adoption by creating the lowest fee highest rewarding amm on the polygon matic network .
big apr up to 800 working on the basis of a solid liquidity
 partnered with ten-time world boxing champion manny pacquiao 
users are in total ownership of their money and they can trade directly from their wallet app .
0.05 of every trade made on cremepieswap amm is burned .
liquidity providers get lp tokens that guarantee many benefits including trading fee discount and access to a broader range of polygon matic products .
auto cpie pool 2 of every yield harvest in the auto creme pool is burned .
the lp tokens that users have received by providing liquidity can be staked in the farm to earn more cpie
guess the price of maticusdt for the day to earn rewards .
an exact guess of the matic price could earn you cpie just for trying out as your own ta !
users can choose to commit any amount of cpie they want to join the prediction market .
3 of every matic price prediction round is used to buy back cpie for burning .
2 lottery sessions per day each lasting for 12 hours
one user can purshare as many tickets as he wants but 50 maximum at a time
tickets that match all 4 digits of the lottery jackpot in the exact order get 50 of the pot .
search for all deleted posts https www.reddit.com/r/borrowdeletes/search ? q=title 3acsgoncdl restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all include_over_18=on by this author
my parents are snoring so loudly and i ca n't sleep what do i do .
much like pancakeswap on the bsc cremepieswap is built to help users trade earn and win .
with the significant user growth on the matic chain cremepieswap has the opportunity to become the leading dex and growing to pancakeswap level of adoption .
using best practices from successful dex 's on the binance smart chain cpie will help drive exponential growth of matic .
lead chain adoption by creating the lowest fee highest rewarding amm on the polygon matic network .
big apr up to 800 working on the basis of a solid liquidity
 partnered with ten-time world boxing champion manny pacquiao 
users are in total ownership of their money and they can trade directly from their wallet app .
0.05 of every trade made on cremepieswap amm is burned .
liquidity providers get lp tokens that guarantee many benefits including trading fee discount and access to a broader range of polygon matic products .
auto cpie pool 2 of every yield harvest in the auto creme pool is burned .
the lp tokens that users have received by providing liquidity can be staked in the farm to earn more cpie
guess the price of maticusdt for the day to earn rewards .
an exact guess of the matic price could earn you cpie just for trying out as your own ta !
users can choose to commit any amount of cpie they want to join the prediction market .
3 of every matic price prediction round is used to buy back cpie for burning .
2 lottery sessions per day each lasting for 12 hours
one user can purshare as many tickets as he wants but 50 maximum at a time
tickets that match all 4 digits of the lottery jackpot in the exact order get 50 of the pot .
i do n't know the details but in china there is tight film censorship on things related to ghosts and demons .
this somewhat encapsulates the devil which is what mephisto is to marvel .
is it a possibility that because of this censorship and the amount of money that the mcu generates off of the chinese markets that we never end up seeing mephisto appear in the mcu ?
anyone got tips for destabilizing a kingdom with elective succession ?
in other cases i can cause total chaos with just a kidnapping and murder or 2 to put a child with an unfavorable faith on throne and cause total anarchy .
with elective things are a little harder and i have n't thought of a good idea beyond kill every good candidate which is a bit time consuming .
so i 'm extremely torn on sending my 2 year old to daycare .
i live in a community that follows no covid guidelines and it 's rapidly spreading .
she had her first week at daycare last week and caught rsv and was out for a week .
i know that kids will get sick but with covid it 's scary .
i only work part time about the daycare i send her two requires her to attend full time .
i 'd just like to hear other parent 's opinions on this topic .
her entire class is quarantined due to exposure to covid from a staff member .
my daughter was out sick with rsv during the time of exposure so she 's technically not quarantined .
but there is no teacher for her class so she 's at home .
my thoughts on pulling her out are increasing as well .
if you 're looking for a new clan look no more .
at thiccweld we raid constantly and have a great group of players always here to help out .
relative location 1681 km 1045 miles w of ponta delgada azores
tropical storm julian is too far away from publicly available radar sources .
eumetsat ocean and sea ice satellite analysis facility https scatterometer.knmi.nl/tile_prod
had for a few days and it just was n't right .
had 3 choices i was deciding between lenovo legion 7 and x17 and razer blade pro .
razer got cut first just cause of fingerprints and the keyboard .
i 'll be using this for work first and gaming second and the keyboard is n't great plus sharp edges at wrists and hard to keep clean .
but the new intel chip set only comes with 3060 or youre waiting 4 months .
otherwise i probably would have gone 7i with intel and 3080 just cause i 've been lenovo my whole life .
the amd chip set is ready to ship at 2500 but at that price why am i compromising .
in the end i chased the bang for your buck with asus .
my first buy in 10 years and first gaming machine of any kind .
i want a sexy ass design i love using and looking at .
i want to be excited about the inside and outside .
it used to be nice and creamy and tasty but over the last 10 years it has gotten so bad .
i was reminded of this when i got a bottle of wine substituted for a bag of dairy milk buttons and i could n't even enjoy the chocolate .
we 've been together for two years but something just never seemed to fit for me .
we even talked about moving in together and were basically already living together but something was holding me back .
it takes a while for me to understand how i 'm feeling and i 'm still a mix of emotions .
i recently got some feedback from a family member who said we did n't seem like a good fit .
it was tough to hear but i think they were right .
my gf and i took the big five '' personality test recently and we were in the exact opposite ends of the agreeableness spectrum .
i 'm highly agreeable and she is highly disagreeable .
i would n't say i was whipped but we definitely have different attitudes and approaches to life .
classes are long boring and drone on for hours and hours it seems like ... with nothing to distract you from the incessant talking about anatomy or psychology and stuff like that ...
now just imagine a classroom that has a bimbo redhead with glasses https www.reddit.com/r/bimbofetish/comments/aqz2it/heaven_might_be_a_redhead_with_huge_tits_and ? utm_medium=android_app amp utm_source=share as a teacher .
or a campus where this https www.reddit.com/r/bimbofetish/comments/lvegr4/asian_bimbos_need_some_attention_as_well ? utm_medium=android_app amp utm_source=share is what the foreign exchange students look like .
a campus where this girl https www.reddit.com/r/bimbofetish/comments/p7t680/redhead ? utm_medium=android_app amp utm_source=share is a slut willing to try anything ?
hell the campus is so bimbo-ish that a girl like this https www.reddit.com/r/bimbofetish/comments/p5djia/blonde_bimbo ? utm_medium=android_app amp utm_source=share who would easily be popular in any normal campus is an outcast and is a virgin .
well all of that is reality at a college campus known rightfully as paradise university !
it was previously an all-girl 's school but recently decided to test out by opening it to guys !
they wanted to see how things would go so for now there is only one guy .
obviously this would get him a little bit of attention ...
i want to play this lonely guy who sleeps his way through the social hierarchy !
does he start with the virgin girl who is so desperate to lose her virginity that she is willing to do anything ?
perhaps the teacher who recently divorced and needs help coping with it ?
i would heavily prefer you play all of the characters ... but if you would like we could cut it down to two !
just note my favorites are the virgin and the slut !
i am 18 and all persons and characters involved with this rp must also be 18
i 'll let go of maybe sixty percent if this hits triple digits .
either i 'm buying back in as a certified whale on a dip or i 'm riding xxx shares into uncharted waters with some real firepower .
the greedy dicks on wall st have been screwing us forever .
a little birdie told me they have even screwed us out of cures for disease .
a little birdie tells me they shorted the float over one hundred percent .
to me that means when liquidated i can sell for whatever i like .
it 's almost a certainty if at least some of you are real  's like me .
 a little birdie told me  losses is the true risk when shorts manipulate utilizing more than one hundred percent of the float .
this risk is too real when those shorts are up against  like me .
i suspect some of you are just the same .
i have finally gotten a model done and textured but when i finally imported it into unreal part of it is super messed up ?
i do n't know what it could be as it looks normal in microsoft 3d viewer and blender so it must be something with unreal .
i recently updated my xbox and now all i get is a black screen ?
my doctor told me not to do scuba diving and any kind of jumping into the water from a high place .
i wonder what else i should try to avoid .
i can think of roller coaster bungee jumping and a concert with a loud speaker .
a lot of my students ask me to make a study plan for them .
of course i am happy to help them but it is really something anyone can do .
below i am going to give some tips on how to make your own study plan .
if you are looking for a tutor please feel free to reach out to me .
i am also going to give an example of a good study plan for someone that has already done some basic studying is scoring in the mid-150s is not working and has three months before their test .
this example will be to show a basic idea of what your plan could look like .
understand how much time you have until when you want to take your exam .
if you do n't plan to take your exam for a year you can study much less than someone that only has two months to study .
understand that if you work a job there is just no way you are going to be able to study 30-40 hours a week .
try to plan how far out your test is accordingly .
if you plan to study for long hours each day plan to give yourself breaks .
it is n't realistic to study for 5 hours straight .
give yourself a few breaks even if they are short .
some people need long breaks others only need a five-minute break .
experiment to figure out when you are at your best .
this plan is for someone that has already done a good amount of basic studying meaning they are n't working from a curriculum anymore is scoring in the mid-150s is not working and has three months before their test .
this can be very flexible and this is just one example .
wednesday 6 games of weaker lg game type grouping/in-out .
2 games of student 's stronger lg game type sequencing .
i hope this info helps you make a study plan .
if you liked the one i made please feel free to take it .
if you are looking for a tutor please feel free to reach out to me .
additionally please feel free to message me with any study plan-related questions or any general lsat questions .
my friends and i have been playing on our vanilla server since about christmas 2019 .
we always cooperated and had a parliament '' or simple government where we talked on various issues .
we changed worlds about 5 times each time trying to make it more interesting .
while this brought one very succesfull era where we had lots of fun and cooperated well the world got corrupted and we had to restart .
since this moment the interest in our server only declined slowly losing active members .
our ideas were we could build starter houses or something like that but i doubt that would be effective enough .
we are n't that big of a group and i am looking for an idea that would make the server more interesting and fun i also want to keep it vanilla .
he works with or mentions so many people who have done terrible things it really pisses me of totally ruined jail by adding dababy and marilyn manson .
like cmon dababy marilyn manson cosby cardi b chris brown .
they r all terrible people he has worked with or claimed they 're innocent in the last 2 years and i 'm sure there are more .
also i do n't know anything about him but i read and heard larry hoover was leader of a gang ?
hi everyone i am having issue with video downloading as uc browser has been banned in india and i am used to its feature where uc '' use to offer to download any streaming video to download as it had a download button at bottom option bar .
right now i am using uc but it has this bug which shuts app automatically when i play video .
are there any good shops in the city for buying roller skates ?
as an example let 's say you want to meet with your customer to discuss goals and show which milestones to hit in order to achieve an roi of xx .
curious to see how other csms approach this since it 's such an important conversation to have with customers !
do you think the sa government will open borders to nsw once australia and each state reaches 80 double dose of nsw still has 100s or 1000s of daily cases ?
or do you think the election in march/april next year will make them cautious ?
has stephen marshall stated his position on this yet ?
hi i am new in photography and just recently bought the canon m50 mark ii and would like to verify something if what i watched or read about crop factor and focal lengths is correct .
the canon m50 mark ii is an aps-c mirrorless camera with a 15-45mm kit lens .
it has a crop factor of 1.6x of a full frame .
my question is does the equation apply if you put an adapted full-frame lens ?
what i understand is you only do this equation if you will fit a lens that is for a full-frame to a body with an aps-c sensor or does this apply to my current kit lens ?
so does the kit lens really a 15-45 or is it actually a 24-72mm when you apply the crop factor ?
i never held a full-frame camera to compare the difference between both .
i found an organization that is lobbying to get non-state torture on the books as a crime worldwide .
non-state torture is any torture that occurs in a home or other private setting rather than being committed by the gov't .
it can be committed by family spouses friends '' relatives etc .
a few places in the world recognize it so far but there 's a lot of work to be done still .
the website for persons against non-state torture has lots of info about what constitutes nst as well as information about how to begin healing from these experiences .
please only visit the website if you 're feeling safe to read about horrible violent crimes the site can be triggering to those with post-traumatic stress and very upsetting to everyone else .
i hope some of you will be as interested as i am in supporting this excellent organization .
reading their descriptions of the psychological effects of nst was incredibly validating and a relief .
they actually take people like us seriously and recognize the gaslighting we face throughout society when we try to tell the truth .
please feel free to vent in the comments if you need to .
a place for members of r/pubgmkerala to chat with each other
hopefully someone will keep me company while i 'm at work hopefully someone will keep me company while i 'm at work drop me a message
in the light of the devs ' suspect announcement that para-mike will become a new hot item i was looking for a conversation about it but could n't find one .
i 'm aware it 's been just half a day but ...
i have a ton of questions both old and new since i only ever used it once or twice and then shelved it as useless as probably pretty much everyone else .
what i believe to know so far is that it detects the sum of sounds in a tight cone in front of the wielder according to the wiki 30m long 6m wide at the end .
sound sensor does n't seem to based on the van monitor graphics but i might be mistaken there as well
are the paranormal sounds '' audible if you hold the dish or do you just get the numbers ?
this whole item might be a stupid question but ...
if you hear a sound and turn quickly can it register the sound that has already happened while the dish was turned away ?
and if so can it register your own sounds if you move backwards ?
any other observations that never popped into my mind ?
even though the glass is frosted it is so much nicer to use than before .
disregarding this quite significant factor did your opinion on the para-mike change ?
do you have a cool para-mike story to recount already ?
i can not go on this subreddit without seeing anyone has any pet sim x dupes '' x 1000
holy shit if there were dupes you could find them easily so please just search it up
if you dont find anything it means it doesnt exist right now
looking at the dates yes it started 1916 is the most common date other sources have it as 1910 .
what 's happened in kr though is that it slows down four years earlier than otl as a direct result of the great depression staring early .
and i do n't have a good source for 1925 or 1926 .
also whenever prosperity returns in kr there 's going to be an analog of the second great migration .
who cares if it 's below retail if you do n't love it ?
watches are n't candy you do n't just get one because you 're getting a deal .
personally not a smooth bezel guy especially with the jubilee .
ooh i like the sound of that  love a good face to grind my wet pussy on 
you could be leaning in a certain way which has compressed a nerve causing the tremor i do this often cause i have shit posture
they were talking about bama during the high school game that played before this one even started .
you let a woman smoking a nasty cig in your car bc she gave you a look .
you are what a bitchboi and cuckboi have when they mate .
i 'll show u mine if u show me urs ... . lol
i 'll answer your question with a question why do you want to check the value of a variable every few seconds ?
if you want to do something when a variable changes its value you can use inotifypropertychanged https docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.componentmodel.inotifypropertychanged .
i 've seen people give the advice that if a dc is too high do n't have them roll this might not be what you interpret but it is what some people say .
and the nintendo seal of approval was to combat the shovelware that created the crash of '83 so it 's not really necessary now .
gentle reminder hair care routines are required for all photo posts within 1 hour of posting .
the bot is having hard time locating your routine !
please make sure you have a comment containing the word routine '' and your actual routine of course !
https www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/wiki/routine-requirements common problems info included but the bot ca n't find it i do n't have a routine this is a photo of someone/something else not me etc .
still have questions after reading the faq https www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/wiki/routine-requirements ?
please message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcurlyhair if you have any issues.
i ca n't have a discussion with someone who thinks a lifetime of healthy food and activity choices is more easily achieved than a shot that is free easily accessible in the us and takes 30 seconds to administer .
look up instructions but basically you dampen them and leave them in a sheet pan covered with moist towels for a couple of days .
the result is delicious the green plant part is fresh and nice while the seed part is nutty and toothsome .
i do n't believe so but i 'm afraid we 've come about to the limit of my knowledge of janissaries other than the fact that eventually became exceptionally reactionary and occasionally played king-maker in a very praetorian-like manner .
some historians have argued that their resistance to change led to the weakening of the ottoman empire vis--vis the modernizing europeans but i have no idea if that 's true or not .
this is exactly what spider-man 3 should have been with a great lead in to a venom saga spider-man 4
it would also kind of be a good mirror to sm2 in a way .
that movie builds up harry as coming back as the new goblin .
they could have done the same with venom and brock .
i just clean the waxed chain in boiling water rinse dry with a towel/rag and down to wax the last bit of water just boil out
yone and yasuo 's q is the same no hit box and insta cast and they are newer champions .
i do n't get it and do n't really like it especially when viego 's q is similar but does have a hitbox
your kid is treating you like the giving tree a wonderful book that i found to be a horror tale .
sounds like he and his fianc have also fallen prey to the the diamond scam if they want them so badly .
sometimes the bios can fuck with your ram and throttle them down from their actual speed they 're supposed to run .
super easy to do if you 've never done it if you 're not very sure about adjusting these things just post a pic of your pcs system info so i can see what you 're running and i can help more for sure !
if you know how to do all that or already did i 'm not entirely sure .
when i first saw this i thought she spent 1.5m on mcdonald's..
i was like that 's a lot of nuggets .
i ca n't understand why people frequent them so much .
around here they charge as much if not more than a dealer for an oil change .
maybe they have to cover the cost of all their screwups .
im not really shopping for anything sorry about that .
my husband quit fedex to make this his full time job  i do it on the side on the weekends .
the worst part of it all is the fluctuation of money .
some weeks we make 300 others we make well over 1k .
we have other financial backings that allow us to do this full time .
i 've got no skin in the game because i have n't even read the book but in this age of prestige tv i 'm always a bit baffled by studios choosing to adapt thick-ass books as films rather than as shows .
they 've made a few missiles but the vast majority of their military is poorly equipped and poorly trained .
and the standard of living for their average citizen is somehow lower than the average americans .
more like getting corrosive urned to death in the first one .
aber hab medimax auch bis jetzt nicht so hufig gesehen in deutschland ...
i dont see any noticeable loose skin and no you arent ugly
i think those things sound good but in theory but am wary about how they will be put into practice by a bloated and inefficient government .
i do n't think that people should be called trash for disagreeing how policy is handled .
i do n't think anyone actually wants to see kids go hungry that is a horrible thing .
we just disagree on how to make that not happen .
come to think of it think about that gesture he does to his telephone before he checks his messages in the first season .
this animation reminds me of jimmy nutrin too lol !
edit the line no you are bad ... but okay oh my godd ! ! !
yeah why would bsg care about improving anti-cheat if the cheaters are a goldmine for them ?
update on my neighbour i have no idea if he 's okay .
last i heard is he was in the hospital in the icu .
he was conscious when the ambulance came the night of the flood so 
mhm it has 17 pages of mods ... aternos simply is n't strong enough to handle all that
well dad 's my family immigrated legally with a sponsor in 1908 .
btw my kids are 1/4 latino i live in a border state speak passable spanish my best friend is full mexican .
ca n't we agree that immigration here should be easier and safer than walking the desert relying on coyotes risking life .
it 's a little on the sci-fi side but i would say worm ''
he 's someone who tends to keep putting things off and avoids it .
it 's all so tough because our wedding is a destination wedding in hawaii and our friends and family have paid thousands to go .
and i 'm so afraid i 'm marrying someone i 'm gon na divorce anyway .
there 's a lot of complication to this situation .
but i am hopeful that he could eventually understand what i 'm trying to tell him .
i 've been trying to work on my delivery as well .
i have the oswalt but i need to scan it .
that young man seems upset i can tell because i have seen some upset people in my life and he looks upset .
loki looks like a human in the tva when magic does n't work there
8/10 but it 's prob the way you are standing .
would you look at that all of the words in your comment are in alphabetical order .
i have checked 195,736,456 comments and only 47,008 of them were in alphabetical order .
rhipsalis baccifera because ... well it looks like long green hair !
i even have some to cut and trade if you want .
the deer saw a scene like this on hornpub and thought this would end in a very romantic situation .
was the one with the exponential function and k k 5 ?
i 'm scrounging up the kais for frieza but with the extra 50 buff being more common it might even be better
your tea must be splendid if your cosplay is fantastic .
is it possible to take some photos of the leather one ?
please remember rule 1 in the future no hate-speech personal attacks or harassment .
i always say this ... it would probably cause a great imbalance were they to go extinct .
i assumed that too and would have been really annoyed if stuff stayed covenant-locked after sl .
but the fact that it 's happening while sl is only halfway through cheapens the covenants for me i wish they 'd atleast make a questline specifically for unlocking it so it 's justified in-game and got some rp elements to it .
hey i actually work at a lil quilt shop and i deal with so many emails like this !
if you have a general idea and maybe a few fabrics you definitely want and a general description most shops will be able to give you some ideas and point you to fabrics that work well with the ones you 've picked already .
i have never heard that it is expected to be proper .
guess i am just lucky not to deal with that .
hu tao ganyu and albedo have more or less been still no sight of xiao as far as i know
if you do n't get that by now there is n't much to say
this is an automated message to remind you to please include a geographic location for any id requests as per the community rules r/insects/about/rules of the sub .
there are well over a million different species of bugs in the world and narrowing down a bug 's location will help iders to help you more quickly and correctly !
if this post is not an id request please ignore this comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/insects if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've spent the last 20 years living in a downtown area .
before that i spent 15 years living in a suburb .
20 years ago i rarely walked at all because you never know when the sidewalks will just suddenly end in the suburbs .
i 'd suggest therapy before trying to establish a relationship .
and with a baby on the way protecting your nuclear family baby and partner is much more important than having a good relationship with an unstable parent .
i do n't mean to sound glibi know this is hard ! but put your immediate family 's health including your own !
there are plenty of criticisms to be made of the measure but your comment really indicates that you do n't understand what a properly proctored test looks like .
there are a variety of different tasks that measure spatial reasoning pattern detection crystallized intelligence knowledge and critical thinking .
if you ca n't see how those varied measures of intelligence can be useful in life outside of a testing room ... well maybe it 's not the test for you .
once again there are plenty of criticisms to be made .
the cum boy is crusty underneath and worn to the nubs .
they still get both then they have two handguns and home and are scientifically twice as cool .
your post has been removed because you did not include a correct tag at the beginning of your title .
without this i 'm not able to assign the appropriate flair .
please re-submit your post with one of the following tags in the title .
your post will also be removed if the title is in all caps or if there are less than 3 words in the title not including the tag .
if you 're unsure of what tag to use then question or discussion would probably work for most borderline cases .
free release new tweaks that have just been released or submitted that are free
paid release new tweaks that have just been release or submitted that are paid
discussion jailbreak related discussions where anyone can give their opinion .
for example favorite/recommended tweaks tweak concepts tweak configurations etc .
question or help troubleshooting jailbreak or tweak related issues and questions
request requests for a tweak to be made or updated
note if you wish to use multiple tags please do not split '' your tags like this question/discussion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jailbreak if you have any questions or concerns .
one thing is for sure they 'll never see it coming .
i hear you but am i just going to have to pretend i enjoy something without actually enjoying it ?
i do n't want to build a relationship up with lies .
also i 'm the type of person that ca n't hide his emotions so if i 'm bored it 'll be obvious that i 'm not enjoying my time with him .
however maybe i 'm looking it at the wrong way it 's not about the game we 're playing it 's about spending time with him .
thanks for the advice friend i 'll ask him next time what he wants to do .
dude go online and get you a bmr and study all the basic shit .
yeah though this one dont have that kind of drama on usagi drop which is nice .
if you do a side by side spec comparison they are near identical
you ca n't fool me i 'm a dad too so i know the money for that fruit winder came out of your pocket anyway .
okay so i 'll just tell you then spoiler alert for the end of sr .
you know the climb back up to the surface with the baby metroid ?
the contemplative music and complete emptiness as you reflect on the journey ?
it 's like any other area in the game .
then when you do get to the top there 's a save point .
because fucking ! ridley ! shows up and there 's a final boss fight .
the fight itself is quite good but it makes no sense .
basically it takes a giant shit on metroid 2 's legacy .
if we reduce corruption than a lot of good solutions can be found .
so lets stop legalizing bribery in form of campaign finance and suddenly politicians will have to start working for the people not for the builders or private contractors .
i cant imagine how bad it was ... i feel for you .
i used to smoke and my girlfriend at the time would come in to wake me up with a cigarette as in would wake me up and the first thing she 'd do is hand me a cigarette and a lighter not a particularly pleasant time to smoke having literally woken up 10 seconds before .
i remember always having a lot of difficulty using the lighter it was like my hands were really really weak .
after a few seconds once i 'd sat up properly and kind of woken up a little more it was fine
i figured you had been there because of your patch .
wow yes both the youtube link you have here and the link you have in another comment on this thread both show no tensioning components .
that makes complete sense and i can see how if you are n't looking for it specifically you could order either version depending on the retailer and the kit .
turns out we were referencing correct information from the same company with the same product name .
i wonder if there are two separate groups at the company running either website ?
and as far as op 's situation goes the site would be correct in saying they have everything needed to start making chips .
there 's nothing more gratifying than a mystery solved .
i 'm not mad about being born in may but that means i have to be married to big ed 
hey guys where is the extra info video for todays stream
ja en als ik mij niet vergis had hij toen ook al gewoon zijn debuut gemaakt voor willem ii
whatever the ultimate goal of the us was in afghanistan it does n't change the fact that they did build helpful infrastructure for afghanis .
that being said i do agree with you that afghans are a diverse and tribal people that have lived in extreme poverty
3 and 4 emulated v gz and tpp i bought from steam
its coming guys free motherfucking copium for everyone ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
im glad all i need off that banner is 1 more magical girl of sapphire .
got incredibly lucky with illiya and incredibly unlucky trying to np5 miyu a few months ago ao they 're both good
the problem is n't with the asking for either dog or tree .
feel free to ask and have a good conversation .
the problem comes with entitlement to change your world for my allergies because i refuse to consider medicating '' and other parts of the attitude .
plenty wrong expecting to guilt your way into getting your way .
idk if you know this but you can infact be mori 'd while running there are these funny things you can be caught in called deadzones and if you 're running from a deadzone to a window or a pallet and are caught you can infact be killed .
it 's a broken add on for my favorite killer and it needs to be changed i have no idea why you 're choosing this hill to die on
yes i 've been a member of the program for a couple years now
there are some much worse such as konstantin rostov .
the only person pretending here is you acting like you know about any of this shit
if the goal is to build a billion dollar business on the bac of python it is .
all about short long term goals and vision for future .
oh i 'm already in the operational air force lol .
badassery right there they sure as hell do n't make 'em like that anymore .
bold of you to assume i can hit sniper shots
not a lawyer just current understanding of the situation as it comes up a lot
any time you stream a game the devs/publisher have the right to shut it down for any reason if they want to .
most do n't because they realize its good for them .
nintendo semi often shuts down events/streams for tournaments for a variety of mostly dumb reasons .
in this case its a mod and nintendo hates mods so they decided to shut down the event .
the event organizers do n't have the money to try and fight back against stuff like this so even if they had a leg to stand on they never risk it .
i duno why you keep calling it the old whitespace discussion '' it being a long standing debate makes it more important not less .
its asking why python is slow other than the old interprited languange thing .
sadly these people abandon their economic principles in favor of reactionary stances on wedge issues like abortion 2nd amendment rights trans athletes in sports etc .
they are likely treating the water with a corrosion inhibitor that coats the pipes and prevents lead from leaching into the water .
the whole reason this was a problem in flint was because the dumbshits that operated the water treatment facilities there opted not to treat the water with a corrosion inhibitor which led to lead to leaching into the water supply .
damn that could 've been me if it was ggs bro .
