why is everybody arguing two options of either bomb or land invasion as if the only choice was to kill no matter what .
women 's shirts are notorious for having lower necklines and if you 're well-endowed every shirt shows cleavage unless you 're wearing a turtleneck .
women have to balance i want to wear cute clothes '' against people will sexualize me '' for wearing the same outfit that a small-chested person could wear with no problems .
plus not everyone who has large breasts enjoys them they 're heavy and can mess up your back !
so please do n't automatically connect big boobs '' with sexy tease '' especially with younger women .
girls who develop early are much more likely to be harassed or assaulted .
the trees arent green and leafy in ohio right now .
should start leaving each other notes for when the next capture happens .
i 'd also be curious to see a map of people 's opinions the closer they are geographically to japan .
i 'd imagine as you look at countries further and further from japan the number of yes will increase
some of us do n't have a car and even if it 's not that cool at night being close to being hit by a car ai n't necessarily something i 'm looking forward to possibly happening when having to walk whether i want to or not .
as a none comic fan my brain can not compute with multi actors playing the same character within the same era .
i do n't watch cw/dc tv but even i know there are 2 3 ?
batman/sup/joker/supergirl/flash/cy going on between movies/series and that turn me off big time .
teachers 'teach ' from books provided by the ones who want to keep you in line and obey the by them invented corrupt system .
i 've only done one cycle and hope i do n't have to do another one !
its a board state with no further explanation so to answer your question its a waste of time
it could affect it psychologically some investors tend to sell before a split in hopes of buying at a lower price and some others buy more at the current price if they feel confident the stock is going up anyway and they are in for the long ride .
if the issue is aggression or some other unsafe behavior like throwing things i use gentle hands '' or control your body '' .
i like control your body '' because it is teachable in a number of ways it is step one in the idea that i ca n't always control my surroundings but i can control my actions '' which is a crucial thing to teach a lot of kids .
i 've seen a lot of kids nt and nd who do n't get practice here because they are n't given an impression they 're in control they get the impression other people have to direct them .
the more we talk the more our clients need to process and that is a lot of work .
i always give my client a noise break '' fairly regularly where i do n't talk and do n't expect him to talk .
especially if your client is getting frustrated reducing how much you talk or reducing your volume can help a lot .
i will straight up tell my bcba we 're having a mellow day '' if he comes in and i 've adjusted my approach this way .
with parents identity first avoid functioning labels avoid labeling any behavior as problematic '' .
also make an effort to point out a client 's effort .
parents and my bcba constantly wan na pretend i 've done everything for my clients progress but he works at least as hard .
therapy is hard and therapy requires a client to put in a lot of work .
yet what you do comes back to you so that 's completely false .
your subjective relationships in relation to others within the objective body of god is reality .
i like the point you made about coping methods .
i can see how finding a positive way to cope can help my mental health and also make me more confident/attractive .
i also like how you pointed out how prioritizing people who are kind can help .
instead of over thinking about a bad interaction i can just think in my head that this person has gotten the wrong perspective and i 'll just avoid them .
so i will surround my self with positive people to attract more positive people .
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/petitegonewild subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petitegonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't think he 's dead fellas do n't think he needs a new body
i have one made from family in russia it 's very thin as well they are meant to be but stitching can be tricky on summer suits looks pretty well stitched from your posts
whats the point of even asking if you 're the asshole if you 're going to get defensive argumentative and refuse to accept the answer anyways ?
if you 're going to aita then you should be ready for people to say yta .
yeah but the same posters do n't look at pinned posts or faqs
if you like this subredit please consider buying me a coffe here ko-fi https ko-fi.com/13956hle3w5dw
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jigglingandbouncing if you have any questions or concerns .
the fact that it triggers you is even better lol
i had a mycoplasma genitalium infection in the same family .
but unfortunately once i cleared the infection the symptoms remained .
i chased the infection for months and would n't believe it was truly cleared .
just something to be aware of i know others had a similar experience to mine
it does still fall into the stereotypical weeb tf2 '' territory but in the odd chance someone who reads japanese actually sees it they 'll get a good laugh .
my point was that apple users have issues too .
i said nothing further because i 'm not using an apple device .
regardless of the severity you only have to look it up and you 'll find there are existing apple ios issues right now .
but i made no further comment on it because i 'm not using apple .
i did not suggest that apple has a particular issue but issues with ios in general just the same as android .
because i 'm not here for an apple device i 'm here for an android device .
my comment was about an android device and you went on to confirm that point .
so glad br is making it come to life ... .
i am in awe and amazement at how erotic your body is .
yes toro should be the superutility guy and still get regular pa 's that way .
he needs to start showing he can hit for power cuz he should be hitting for more power than he has been and he needs to hit for power if he wants to be more than a useful utility guy .
we have a minimum account-age and karma required to post if you see this message it means your account is below these numbers .
all accounts must be at least 24 hours old and have an undisclosed amount of post and/or comment karma awarder and awardee karma are not yet supported .
please refer to these help articles to understand what karma is and how it works
exact karma requirements are not made public to avoid abuse .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtysnapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
dolls_onthego on instagram found them at walmart on an endcap display .
it looks like some walmart stores are putting them out early .
are n't you a bit short to be rebel scum ?
to be fair that would be one hell of a memory for a kid .
ca n't seat new tables anyways without roll ups i would imagine .
my guess is ops description is not exactly how it went down but also probably could 've been handled better .
we do n't care if it 's wrong we want them to succeed regardless .
it 's easy to do when you do n't care what people online think or say about you .
sad it has to be stated explicitly in a law .
i have a friend with an artificial heart valve and his docs insisted on brand name stuff for the sake of consistency .
when you get generic stuff it 's not always the same manufacturer from prescription to prescription .
i was reading through comments and thought god that is truly awful for those 7 guys who got poisoned .
sooo sensitive 😭 i have bv so i swear even the wind blowing will set me off sometimes 3
it 's not necessary for me there have been times where i feel dry or sore and it 's nice .
that reminds me i need to go arm the trap by my chicken coop before it gets dark .
ina hotboii interview he said he use to hangout wit him everytime wolph came to orlando he definitely lived in orlando at one point tho bc he went to dp
did i really need to waste my money and test my odds in the chase for wander ?
a temple puts power into another 's hands and leaves your own bound .
a school puts power into your hands and frees your mind .
respecting others wishes to bind you is not freedom or growth of individuals .
honestly i think most people do n't care just like if you asked them to explain how the internet works they probably could n't tell you .
they just want things to make their lives easier .
if blockchain can make that happen then you will see true mass adoption .
if you deleted your console save data not cloud after using the severer you would have duped it no ?
or is it specifically from the duelist visitors side that works ?
it 's an impression of jerry 's right hand press your hand against a mirror ... and what do you see .
no my friend the errors are in the lyrics of ripple .
yeah it just had me worried but when he was doing it he had n't even eaten anything yet .
was there anytime after he did it for you or did he not do it anymore after that one time he did ?
a china caga hackers mais depressa do que eu escrevo .
your was removed because you must choose a user flair before posting new threads .
see this page for information on how to set your user flair https reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/205242695-how-do-i-get-user-flair
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pharmacyresidency if you have any questions or concerns .
here are two from nature 's kiss https imgur.com/a/rqbrnj0 .
basing your decision that you are so passionate about based purely on color is wrong .
robot girlyman is actually one of my top three primarchs .
right ... kinda like fuck rook for just joining joseph on that .
fucking joseph killed hundreds of not thousands of innocent people .
this not like pagan min who was at least kind to you and your father this is a cult leader sociopath .
after this happened to me once i 've never gone into a raid without a can of hotrod
usually the bigger discounts offered by fuel stations 15-20c per litre is a good percentage of their profits .
the money maker is the food/drinks they provide hence why more stations are offering cafe style food barista coffee etc .
the number one indicator of something being bad is that it smells bad .
we have evolved very capable noses for detecting even trace amounts of molecules which indicate food will make us sick .
if it smells bad it very likely is bad .
food expiration dates are based on averages and with the theory that it was properly prepared and sealed .
it is entirely likely the pack was not properly sealed and thus air got in which in turn allowed bacteria to grow and excrete all the terrible toxins all through that poor chicken meat which is why washing does nothing and cooking will not remove the toxins which will make you sick .
i bet insults evade you like your character evades mids .
holy shit this is interesting please fill us more in soon .
this seems like sum on a internet mystery '' youtube iceburg n im all for it .
lol i have never had one either i 'm strictly catch and release 👍 need to preserve them
wait but can he disable somebody 's ability e.g resetting somebody 's power to zero disabling the ability .
since diavolo 's stand is still with him after rts .
what irks me is i get 5 overall but there 's other sub criteria like value and i get something less probably because the guest paid a premium since their stay was during a high demand week due to an event or everything else comparable was sold out .
honestly to make a healthier soda bread i use nothing but green yogurt and some water .
not as decadent but still tasty and good to put butter on !
platinum adventure at the speed of light and mirror force are all pretty easy
he either needs to shave that shit off or get a hair transplant .
this mao zedong look ai n't holdin up lol .
the greatness of a-ko and the excellent transfer aside .
the making of the music '' feature is really worth a watch .
i started it on a whim while i was waiting on something and was just memorized .
how the producers would creep on the girls that did n't win star search and then like send them to japan to record songs and commercials .
how they did n't really know anything about the movie and just mailed whatever over there and was always accepted .
along with the differences in the japanese behind the scenes video and what actually happened in the new american one .
i think yes he changes things to rubber when touching them .
i think he stretched out '' the eyes ... you ca n't tell since the manga itself is uncoloured but i think the animation when we eventually get to it will probably make that more clear .
search for your trading partner on the universal scammer list usl .
https universalscammerlist.com/search.php do not trade if their username appears on the usl .
only trade with someone that leaves a comment on your post .
users that are banned from r/gctrading can not comment or post .
please visually confirm that a potential trading partner left a comment on your post and ignore pms from users that do not comment .
always check a user 's profile for consistent recent activity and valid reputation .
users that are viewing this post remember to properly investigate the original poster https reddit.com/user/8000will before trading !
search for 8000will 's gctrep https www.reddit.com/r/gctrep/search ? q=author 3a8000will restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=new t=all
u/8000will history on trading subs https www.reddit.com/r/cash4cash+gctrade+gamesale+gcxrep+c4crep+slrep+bitmarket+loans+steamgameswap+trade+barter+borrow+gameswap+giftcardexchange+hardwareswap+gctrading+gctrep+redditbay+dogemarket+mechmarket+avexchange/search ? q=title 3a8000will+or+author 3a8000will restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=new t=all
these steps will not guarantee a safe trade but it will lower the risk of anyone being scammed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gctrading if you have any questions or concerns .
some really rich people have blamed millennials buying avocado toast as the reason why millennials are broke and ca n't afford housing utterly ignoring the fact that the rich people buying houses making sure that minimum wage stays low and generally being shit to poor people is the actual reason millennials ca n't afford housing
the pirates are above the giants thats all u have to know .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feet if you have any questions or concerns .
if i had to guess she probably stole them from somewhere and was planning on using them to try and make an abortion clinic look bad in some way
it 's so annoying using an app while getting bombarded with like the app ?
i have a first run big z and it 's a bit understable .
by then end of a grow a 3 gallon pot will be almost entirely rootball .
by the first 30 days or so your roots will have spread out to a point compaction is n't really an issue .
so i use about a 50/50 mix of it .
a handful of us states passed trans bathroom laws '' in the past few years forcing people to use the bathroom that aligns with their gender assigned at birth .
there are some homebrew rules that help to rectify this .
on in particular places a level cap of 6 and in the future when you would 've gained a level you instead get a feet .
on class features past 6 no getting hundred hit points and being high unkillable goes .
you 're heroes for sure but with this limitation you 're not going to be slaying any ancient dragons as a group of four human fighters .
how can a human even possible gain enough hit points to survive even a single blow from something 100x their body weight trying to eat them to death ?
then why did you make a post complaining about a good pack pull ?
thank you for mentioning that there is no performance different for the switch when getting an a2 vs and a1
i had to go back in this week for the first time in 2 years and ... .
i do n't hate it as much as i thought i would yet ...
but the novelty will wear off soon and i 'll be back to crying about having to be back in the office
super excited for a season 2 alpha pass ! !
almost every top rated bbq joint in the state is within an hour of austin and several within austin .
i do n't know about houston and crawfish thing though .
yeah i feel like i 've more or less given up on it .
i just have no real idea what to do or how to do it .
i was hoping to not have to look at a guide like i always did with dark souls but i can see i 'm not going to make it on my own .
hop in our discord server for more free giveaways !
i remember seeing these throughout maimonides hospital when i was there during covid-19 and people would touch them and then touch/kiss their mouths .
32 a week is not a lot but really her father should get a job .
oh yeah once i figured that out i never went back no more orange fingers for me
elon in the wrong category more like top 10 in bullshit
so was there something you wanted to discuss with me kelly. she says looking at you with a smile on her face .
if we cuddle can i be the big spoon ?
got ta come up from behind and get a liver shot in .
even without optics or even iron sights he 's still got a better chance of hitting his target holding the weapon up and having a sight picture than if he were to just hip fire it .
it 's to prevent other people from making fun of me for wanting to do online dating .
i made a post on my main once and then i get dms from people i met in other subreddits criticizing how i would like to date online .
i have my reasons but then they ignore it and tell me to get a life or something .
i 'll introduce you to my main asap though if you decide to contact me and you want to .
using the master level omnipresence spell to teleport requires some judgement .
you certainly can use it as a mark-and-recall spell but you can also use it to freely teleport throughout the main game world skyrim and solstheim .
you might have to guesstimate like ... ok so this location is about halfway between dawnstar and winterhold slightly north of dawnstar ... this spot looks right ... and then you end up in the water and are like shit well i was kinda close ... '' and have to finish the journey on foot .
i 'm in south texas and we 're using an elopement service that also does small weddings .
at 31 people on the beach we 're coming in just over 10,000 not including rings .
it helps if you pick a venue that has just a permit like a park or beach etc we save thousands in that region .
picking flowers that were not in season definitely pushed us over as well as the cost of doing an openish bar we 're bringing the alcohol .
we originally wanted to do around 5000 lol so optimistic of our budgeting skills but there ends up being so much little unplanned costs here and there that really add up fast !
i do n't understand why we have to subsidise vegetable protein chicken duck and fish are perfect eco-friendly meat only cattle and sheep emit a lot of pollution .
my grandpa on my father 's side was a union sheet metal worker for his career .
my grandpa on my mothers side was a union tool maker until laid off then workers multiple jobs putting food on the table .
his family has been threatened because of hr work ethic his dad put in him —guess not all union families understand hard work ?
i have personal had drawing torn up and been treated like shit because union workers wanted to show off when executives were the building .
i have also been to other plants where there was no issues between union and non union workers .
i have also worked in england germany poland sweden switzerland france canada montreal with different union experiences .
use a two part epoxy to glue an allen wrench inside .
remove the screw in the morning and throw away the allen key .
why the fk does batum not even screen for reggie ?
i mean for those two things you really only need a regular ol ' office laptop with maybe a 15.6 inch screen .
lenovo is a decent brand for that but depending on your budget it could get a bit expensive .
bit of a better selection over at centrecom my personal favourite place to buy stuff .
it 's a grammatical mistake that completely changes the meaning of the sentence which is the only reason i pointed it .
if we 're not accruing years of cumulative micro-damage to our bodies are we really working ?
we wo n't have to buy medication or see doctors to manage our permanent pain if we 're too healthy .
i got ta know does n't it look like falco is shouting the titans ?
in the end for example it turns out that the man killed someone and they will praise the police .
unfortunately we did not see the entire video why he was arrested .
i agree it is n't usually the job or role a person quits it 's the company culture the people and the conditions .
care for your staff and they will stick around and be faithful to the company as long as they are respected .
because if we stop caring then people will suffer without need .
why stop the bully who is licking on the new kid ?
the radio station they do all kinds of competitions and giveaways
looks like the poster is supposed to be a cheesy parody of action movie posters ...
which is the whole point of the movie is n't it ?
he 's worse than videl released exactly one year ago .
such a good film i have n't seen since it came out i think it 's rewatch time
one thing i remember from a career/course counselling unit i took at uni which i only left not that long ago was that if money is your driving motivation behind your career choices these days you would n't be remiss to simply take up a trade rather than going to uni .
if anything many trade/tafe related jobs are competitive with if not outstrip academic pathway related jobs these days especially in australia teaching in itself being a damning example to some extent .
then there 's also i.t. which is the current big thing and not terribly hard to get into given the high demand .
there 's less and less incentive for students take up the academic grind in their schooling years that will lead to a remarkably better off quality of life in the future short of engineering and medicine of course .
the two-fold result of which is that not only do students generally value intelligence and academic success very little but there is also precedence/grounds for the bullying of peers that do strive towards academic success .
the general undercurrent of anti-authority culture that permeates a lot of media and entertainment is is another contributing factor but that 's a different matter for another time .
they give visitation to members who have never been in the picture and technically if the mothers rights were never taken then she may actually have a leg to stand on .
i like that you had to get charged an additional 2.64 above 700 billion .
major right wing figures like ben shapiro and steven crowder are out there misinforming million but for some reason we have to against dumb random fuck nobodies on twitter like demon mama because apparently she is a threat . ''
i 'm not saying we should n't take stupid lefty shit seriously but we need to prioritize according to harm .
same i hate when troutcute troutmen say they do n't have fin dysphoria
yeah agree but no one 's feeling sad for us tho ?
perhaps the same split you 're projecting on this woman ?
the feminine girly magical side and the imposing self important cruel side ?
the little magical girl also the beauty that you admired in the woman must be parallel properties of the part of the anima you should hold on to .
there 's a bitch part of her she 's only screaming at you and wants to kill the magical girl .
also sounds like the parts of the woman friend that infuriate you .
or maybe the mature woman is calling for the maturation of the girly part .
i 'd suggest you subject yourself to the pain of taking back the projection from this woman .
in real life distant yourself and do n't allow anymore deep interactions .
but that 's were the third or the gold emerges .
ps also how sure are you that this interaction does not remind you at all of any maternal dynamics ?
i liked the idea of the mountaintops to be barren and empty .
looking at the spectral animals and trees it just gives away a feeling of a place long dead .
we just see a few fire monks that seem to be trying to adquiere the giant 's fire the old golems are just constructs a few zalmor wander their ruins .
but for the most part there is nothing and i really like that it 's a place that godfrey destroyed and after he was n't useful he was casted out .
my problem comes from when the area stops being dead '' we see enemies from caelid which makes no sense since they are the result of the scarlet rot and gave the area so much uniqueness and personality hands from caira manor for no reason and mannikins too ?
and i get that er has an absurd enemy variety for it 's size and also compared to other open world games but it 's still disappointing .
it 's the final level and there are no new enemies ?
whereas the snowfield has repeat enemies but they all make sense there are people trying to flee to mikela 's tree .
and we get new enemies in the archers as both standalone and as wolfriders as well as the invisible assassins that while still being black knives are used in a whole new way .
the ghost town is really cool with its idea to stick to rooftops to avoid the invisible enemies .
i really like elden beast and find it a blast to fight .
i understand why others do n't like it but dang it feels like a bullet hell boss rushing him while dodging a barrage of projectiles is so cool for me .
i did n't felt that with maliketh he died too quickly for me .
if you are in immediate danger or crisis please contact your local emergency services https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_emergency_telephone_numbers or use our list of crisis resources https old.reddit.com/r/cptsd/wiki/index wiki_crisis_support_resources .
for cptsd specific resources support check out the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/cptsd/wiki/index .
for those posting or replying please view the etiquette guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/cptsd/wiki/peer2peersupportguide .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cptsd if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean i really do n't care that people are downvoting .
i asked a question and people are bugging out lol
i 'm hesitant to believe anything russia claims unless ukraine confirms it ... but if it 's true russia has no business being mad about it .
how did they decide on it being their common seat of power ?
the usual high medieval of most d d campaigns ?
one visual complaint is that the sea label color fits very poorly with the sea itself .
i typically go with a mid-opacity 40-70 text with a lighter shade of the sea color but white could also work even black would be fine it 's just in this parchmenty muted color scheme the big bright blue is jarring in my opinion .
certainly more than enough effort for a d d setting .
i didnt get it but sure goodluck and you must gather your party before venturing forth
award for sucking at music seems to be the most commo
i get service animals but this would too much even for some people i could n't imagine a dogs perspective .
ill start looking at that one i dont like half priced or books a million though i wish i had a physical locals near me
yeah i 'm looking at two bedrooms at 3300 and under and there 's a ton of options lol..
when it comes to sink/lav faucets i 'm pretty game for any of the go-to brands delta pp kohler moen .
when it comes to anything else i absolutely hate moen .
delta and price pfister have always been my first choice .
i 'm like 85 sure i was the victim of an elaborate international rickroll .
smd u fuck nugget i 'm doing what good hits asked for good questions for the interview
flight attendant with international travel who brings home airport food .
first seen here https redd.it/qafpm4 on 2021-10-18 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' ttixx5 '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=ttixx5 samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
shit go ahead and promote your of then we can throw a few £££ pounds euro 's ?
look at this chain nobody 's mentioned a specific country before you .
we were talking about systems and their issues not countries which you seem to have understood at the time of your first response where you tried to dismiss a point being made in an attempt to sound clever .
ngl i legit sat here for 10 mins watching this on repeat
well yes the other completely non functional and completely useless versions that have so many holes in them to just be a complete laughing stock are not inherently authoritarian .
the flight stats website i checked shows 17 of this flight everyday is canceled 3 is extreme delay 2 is delay not extreme 70 something on time
the fire at the oil depot occurred as a result of an air strike from two helicopters of the armed forces of ukraine which entered the territory of russia at a low altitude there are no casualties '' governor of belgorod
i would also like to get railed by that thick cock 🥺😖
lol does this dude got anything better to do ?
2 year and 10 year treasury notes inverted today .
you get the same return basically for loaning your money for 2 years as you would for 10 .
the only times in the past 50 years that has n't been followed by a massive recession and housing bubble bursting was in 1998 .
we can all pretend our millennial generation is n't strapped with massive deferred student loan debt and auto notes that span out to 7 years well beyond most vehicular opalescence .
but again treasury notes have inverted wages are still flat .
plus arms are still a thing and they are just calling cdo 's another thing .
the fed lightly acknowledge the bubble literally today out of dallas .
our we just pretending the entire fucking world economy did n't halt for 2 years ?
everyone is just good rich from two stimulus checks and some chest thumping about wages that should be better on reddit and some strikes here and there and everything is better and we are just buying the fuck out of houses ?
just last year last summer everyone was n't dying and food pantry lines were n't a mile long ?
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post can not have first person pronouns i me my etc
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
you do n't have to ask the client that in order to qualify for the cancellation fee .
if they say they are n't available/want to reschedule just cancel and tell them to rehire you .
that i owned not rode it 's a great bike so far whippy and fun enough power to have tons of fun around town especially where i live .
but not something i 'm going be too prone to get into trouble with .
putin has done damage that can not be repaired by a few gas reserves in donbas or the black sea .
the move of europe away from russian fossil fuels and fossil fuels in general has been vastly accelerated .
at the moment if he can not export the gas from the western fields to europe there is no other way for him to export it .
russia does not have enough lng terminals and no pipelines that could transport this gas anywhere else .
so no china or india will take it '' and absolutely no revenue for putin .
and even in the long run china will surely increase import of gas and oil from russia but china knows that it has leverage over russia i.e .
i think so one would post a meme about what happened before i even noticed .
oh damn well i hope you find people to break contact with
face de boeuf they 're the best butcher in sherbrooke .
can get you any cut in any way if they do n't have it in the shop you can order it with no additional charge .
this was taken on a widescreen with a resolution of 3840x2160 .
i can zoom in more without a loss of quality .
finally someone that gets that we 're adults and should be treated as such .
if this does n't get your motor running my name is not homer .j ... ..
i read somewhere that he used to stream with the holostars .
follow my twitter and rt pinned post 🙏🎉 send your nickname
twitter https twitter.com/theeggplantboy ? s=09 buy one eggplant and get 2 free https opensea.io/accounts/0xf69dd33e085e2fa3989b44afe0b6c110b7b49cdc
i want to say lockon but with kira jesus yamato in the pool with his infinite plot armor in the pool i guess there is n't much hope .
on the other hand i ca n't get rid of co ti jebe '' .
it plays in my head for 6 days now and it feels like a bad trip on cheap czech drugs
they pair nicely with each other since they have very similar designs .
my j2 has yet to figure out how to set up a github action .
hundreds of dev hours wasted on local testing over this shit .
what i read now is that you agree their main purpose is to get you into a job .
i never qualified whether it‘s a good job or a good system and frankly i am not going to discuss someone 's personal rants about it on reddit i also have mine but it nonetheless doesn‘t feel productive so i won‘t engage further .
but feel free to hit me up if one day you‘re down to overthrow it .
dude that 's almost 3x average wage you do n't know that as a ds '' ?
why do n't you think you can live on that ?
they were never 'easons ' and they still are n't .
the lawn material used in 80 of the worlds on pvz
i reread the rules i 'm new to reddit so idk if you can see this but i know why you took it down now
wait..so if i 'm playing single player and i buy a cabin ... i ca n't just demolish it ?
unheard x verse but im not sure about juice he has lots of leaked music so
i 'm honestly not sure i just know i took 225mg
that kind of stuff has been a thing for a long time .
eg the hilltop hoods which were well to do suburbs in sa .
if they were real it would have been elizabeth or davoren park .
they weights were attached to the neck and thrown into water a foot or so deep .
i 'm all about fairytype so got ta stick with the og jigglypuff !
well then i guess it 's a lesson on not standing still in the open .
the xcd65 uses a 20 mm exposure unit that has beed used in several h and x lenses .
the sound of the new design is much softer as you have noted .
yeah sorry i mixed two comments in my head you are right
sounds like you qualify for naturalisation through the new section 5 .
your grandma seems to have been born a german citizen .
i assume she was married when she had your mom ?
if she was married to a non-german she could not pass on her german citizenship .
to fix this sex discrimination the new section 5 was established .
you and your mother can now apply for german citizenship .
if your mom was born out of wedlock your mother would have been born a german citizen .
in this case you are a german citizen already due to your birth in 1994 to a german citizen mother .
military service or citizenship of the spouse is irrelevant .
normally i would complain about the op politicizing r/memes ... but it 's april 1st ...
i do n't want to spoil it but the first time i played it i had a sense that the game had ended and i was still floting around it until i did one mission in particular and it twisted the narrative harder than anything i was expecting so make sure you uncover every leaf with this one .
it 's a clip from the british show life 's too short where liam neeson says he wants to get into stand-up comedy .
if you can find a version of this video that 's not blocked i highly recommend watching it .
the only star wars set after rotj is mando and book of boba ...
it 's hard to lose one group of photos or something for work or one special piece of correspondence .
you have so many things to try and get over .
you definitely deserve to have a therapist to help you process this .
you need to count this as a loss and know you 'll have to grieve it—probably repeatedly and for a long time .
in your current situation your husband needs to show remorse for what he did which is accompanied by a clear understanding of the damage it 's done to you with no expectations on how long it takes you to recover .
i am writing you this to inform you you 're in the company of a dangerous man .
please do not give him any personal details or travel plans .
the particular combination fixes most of the downsides of each individual drug and potentiates the upsides
you think that building was the one thing keeping loyal players in the game ?
that might be true for a tiny percentage of pro builder players but most players hate building and the only things keeping them in the game have been the anti-build weapons continuously added to the game like fireflies and grenade launchers etc .
epic have clearly done the math and figured that the people they will lose from removing it do n't matter .
i kind of see it but i think danielle is prettier
synes mere problemet i den tunnel er at folk nærmest sænker farter til 50 nede i bunden og så først kommer i tanke om at de har en speeder når de er halvvejs oppe igen .
i can see this is a sensitive topic to you seatilites .
i visited the site for the first time and this is what i saw https imgur.com/bgekaye .
edit and now i am reading your responses here .
op een middelbare school in amsterdam was de concierge vergeten toiletpapier in te kopen dus of elk kind z'n eigen rolletje mee wilde nemen .
die had de lagere school van mijn dochter ook .
dochterlief heeft dus een rol toiletpapier mee waar ze haha 1 april '' op heeft geschreven
enige afwijking was de conciërge want hij is echt ziek
your submission was automatically removed because smallboobs is not an approved site .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallboobs if you have any questions or concerns .
i would never question the supreme beings of this sub .
i 've been in deep mud like that after the rains .
the german army was only progressing 10 miles a day without resistance some days because of that mud and it must have felt 10x harder .
well when a solider dies it usually get a promotion .
so when she said it 's general now '' means that she knew that he would have died so it is n't incorrect .
it 's probably extremely common for an ashkenazi to have sephardi heritage and a sephardi to have some ashkenazi heritage .
being ashkenazi or sephardi is not about genes primarily the genes and the geography are secondary indications of differences in custom and even more so liturgy .
historically when someone moved from say spain to a predominantly ashkenazi community they 'd adopt the customs of the new community .
likewise when someone moved to a predominantly sephardi region they 'd adopt sephardi customs .
and women would typically adopt the customs of their husbands .
so if you 're ashkenazi you 're ashkenazi even if you 'd ancestors on both side came from spain in an unbroken line back to 1485 .
once they moved north and adopted ashkenazi customs they became ashkenazi .
what genes they had or where they came from is irrelevant .
and anyway we all came from israel and before that babylon/egypt and after that babylon/rome and until about a thousand or twelve hundred years ago sephardim and ashkenazim were the same .
all in all there 'd be no benefit in knowing the answer to this hypothetical mystery .
i wonder if belarus has any fuel depot near the border
straight people sexualize tf outta babies and kids then have the nerve to say that gay people are groomers for simply existing .
i got a 14mhz one installed by https soundworks.net.nz/product-detail/band-expanders ca n't remember the price but was n't expensive and i get perfect sound just have to remember to add 14 to displayed frequency so rock is 79.7 rather than 93.7
make sure you hit attaturk 's face on the top right
kansas roy williams won that regional if anyone is wondering .
nah he needs to step away from this family for as long as he draws breathe .
if this dude was my stepdad he 'd never get a single bit of forgiveness respect courtesy .
the environment is really good especially since i work with little kids .
i do n't really know why i feel like this i just know that i do and it 's negatively affecting me .
damn that actually sounds like a really interesting game ! !
i am all for alex coming back as well as moira .
nikolai reappearing would be a very interesting twist too .
would this be a revelations 3 kind of thing ?
i 'm guessing someone from a red state did the math for the stars ?
u have ur imagination no need to be such a pessimist haha
i see 2 minutes with support is the same as 2 minutes at a restaurant .
fair enough i was more referring to the location of their driveway .
for less than 2k i had movers pack all my stuff move it and unpack for a 1br apartment .
it was glorious and ok a bit steep but well worth the cost .
i often can keep that done when i ca n't do water .
do you use one of those braille displays for your computer does your spouse or a family member interpret for you or both ?
i have always wanted to use one of those braille displays myself—i do most of my computing from the terminal command line anyway so it would n't be that big of a jump .
but they are too expensive for my blood and i am blessed with eyes so ... no need i guess .
we love your pictures of chonkers but the only thing we love more is a fine boy who was a chonker and has become healthy !
if this is your chonk please check out these links .
how to put your cat on a diet https pets.webmd.com/cats/guide/healthy-weight-for-your-cat 1 questions and answers for getting your tubby tabby back into shape https pets.webmd.com/cats/guide/fat-cats-getting-tubby-tabby-back-into-shape 1 is my cat obese ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chonkers if you have any questions or concerns .
after this episode i 'd say based on the edit it 's between willow and camden
they 're like ants ' cattle but i forgot the name .
last time they destroyed my beautiful chilli plant does wood vinegar work to repel them ?
no it 's not like a wizard 's spell where words magically supersede reality .
they probably asked scott ahead of time what 's he going to say and that was the only pg story he had .
i did n't get shit but my picture on the wall .
prince of death ends up with 448 sorcery scaling because it has a scaling for faith and int .
that actually sounds pretty fun to give to the monsters so i might see what i can do
if you do delete it we 'll consider it an attempt to avoid our rules and you will not be able to appeal your ban .
once you have verified successfully your posting privileges will be restored .
a short time ago you were asked by a moderator to verify .
until you verify you will not be able to participate in r/realgirls .
once you have verified successfully your posting privileges will be restored .
you can read up on how to verify on this page https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/wiki/verification .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/realgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
r/onlyfansblonde is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansblonde if you have any questions or concerns .
instead of the shower head why do n't we put mine there ?
first off the entrepreneurs step up to fill a gap that is created by needs of society although we can use the word needs very loosely as we are a leisure society at this point .
we can argue the semantics of it but that 's what it 's classified as .
a merchant is n't exploiting non-unionized employees by defacto .
it does happen and we have to maintain a 0 tolerance policy when it does but the union does n't care about employees much more than the owner .
these days they serve as more of a vanguard against exploitation by the owner although they still exploit the union members .
if this stuff interests you i would recommend looking into macro-economics or even starting out with general economics .
although it 's a pseudoscience it will make a bit more sense out of things for you .
break up with her you will be doing her a favour
that ring is supposed to reflect her and her likes not your .
you do n't get to control their relationship or engagement .
you sound like an awful sil and are creating conflict that will sour your relationship with your brother and his wife and future family .
daddys/sugardaddys credit card can pay for alot of hurry up .
🤷🏼‍♀️ there 's a pretty substantial popping sensation and you go huh what was that then ...
the water runs down your legs in a way that does n't feel like shower water unless you have the shower head pointed straight at your thighs which is fairly hard to do unless it 's detachable and ... . then it 's pretty obvious you were n't in the shower to get clean .
funny thing is i 've never liked emerald cuts either but this one may convert me !
where i live if you 're rich you just outbid by tens of thousands of dollars .
if you 're not rich you live in the slums or you have to leave .
it looks creepy af if she does n't like you .
have y'all even gone out one on one yet or have been texting extensively yet ?
i feel like you need to gauge the vibe first .
veteran sl here i 'd like to make a counterpoint to the frequently suggested route of no mic kick ''
i will ask who has a mic once those who do answer i 'll ask the rest to post an 'x ' or something in squad chat to verify they are present and listening .
sure it would be great to have everyone with mics but so long as the team is willing to be cohesive and work together i see no reason to be exclusionary .
some of the best squads i 've had there were only 1-2 other active mic folks helps cut down on unnecessary chatter too !
at the end of the day it 's a game let 's work as a team to have a good time .
it 's the location that 's reasonable not the asshole who accosted her .
then grab those hips and just start clapping that 🍑 till you feel 💦💦💦 deep inside hehe
forbid foreign ownership of property like australia and new zealand too .
large amounts of these properties are owned by chinese nationals naturally foreigners owning property in china is forbidden .
i 'm not even sure that chinese citizens own their property in a true sense .
do you feel you can get started with the questions you 've already farmed ?
since most faqs become living documents it may be a good idea to do a rough-cut selection of the top ten or so then start building out answers before moving on .
i rented this movie from blockbuster ... far longer before i even knew what mst3k was .
kaiju movies hold a special place in my heart .
your comment has been removed because it violates rule 1 be civil https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/about/rules .
why do i have to be civil in a sub about assholes ?
message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
do kwon got tired of eth maxis talking about dai claiming some false utility and disparaging ust for its lack of soundness compared to dai .
he taunts the eth maxis on twitter with this gem https twitter.com/stablekwon/status/1506494471873081352 https twitter.com/stablekwon/status/1506494471873081352
banklesshq and the rest of the community say this guy is nuts and flying too close to the sun all the while ignoring how he 'll pull it off .
do kwon master tactician sees most dai utility is used in the 3 pool dai usdt usdc token for curve.fi https curve.fi and decides to quietly buy up vecrv governance tokens and teams up with frax another algo stablecoin to basically dictate that 3 pool would be replaced by 4 pool ust frax usdt usdc .
basically 1b of dai liquidity will need to find a new home .
edit forgot to add being part of the 4pool is another liquidity cushion like the bitcoin reserve .
being a part of this pool makes the bear case for luna disappear .
ust increased adoption means luna is a literal up-only '' token .
nice trick but do that in reverse and then i 'll be impressed 😁
55 '' lg c1 oled should fit in that space i think they make a 48 '' version too .
it 's the best bang for your buck tv for the playstation 5 and what i use in a pretty small 'nook ' .
the tv might be what 's making that space look off most of all .
i guess it was really dumb for black people in the 60 's to try and befriend white people
i guess they should have just become spiteful and hateful and never tried to change minds .
maybe the civil rights movement would 've succeeded if they were completely belligerently hateful .
if you spend enough time watching japanese porn you develop an ability to unpixelate any pixelated video/image .
you 're bringing up a lot of tangentially related stuff but still have n't answered the question .
every pokémon 's that you catch can be maxed out when you 're a high enough trainer level .
thanks for posting we are glad you are here and would like to welcome you !
it looks like this post is original content of you or your significant other but you have not yet verified as an oc poster .
if you are posting original content of yourself or significant other and want a verified oc '' flair please do the following
please provide 3 photos of yourself from 3 different angles holding a paper sign with your user name today 's date and r/homegrowntits written on it .
the paper should be crumpled and smoothed yet still readable .
we are a topless sub so we require verifications be bare breasted .
your hand s should be visible holding the sign .
shoot the pics from as wide an angle as you can manage .
the photo does not have to be artsy but please show as much of you as possible .
if we ca n't match the body depicted in your verification pictures to the body in your past and future posts then it 's not a meaningful verification .
you can post using the verification tag or send it via modmail
you can use verification photos that you have taken for different subs as long it follows our guidelines and not more then a week old .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/homegrowntits if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's a huge piece of frame they cast right at the 1:00 mark .
looks like the rear motor/axle section but maybe the front instead ca n't tell .
crazy to see them cast that onsite running their own forge .
you see some smaller subframe pieces cast in higher end cars but most still use stamped sheet metal for the unibody .
i 'd be interested to see how that piece really integrates to the car .
your post has been removed due to using a clickbait or spam title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/godasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
browsers these days are pretty secure so the only way to get a virus is to download some app and install it just visiting shady sites should be fine .
this will sound strange but chernobyl '' the mini-series gave me serious lovecraftian vibes ... something that is so destructive yet invisible mere mortals can only really see the effects on themselves and the environment .
that series is not officially labeled as horror but it definitely feels like it .
saw a few of these fellas at darling nwr this morning
i 'm literally so happy rogue pulled this off .
people have been discounting them all split not even including them when talking about the best team .
i 've been defending them for the last 4 weeks .
i 'm a guy but i 'm still nervous to go to the bar by myself
a question even if i put asian server instead of european one do they accept me ?
how long have you been waiting for an answer from them ?
there 's still traces in south san diego and little italy chicano park logan etc .
city ballet had several principles go on to dance at abt in nyc .
we just have nice weather sailing clubs surf culture of course tourism is kind of a love hate relationship but it is there amongst the overcrowded real estate tourism nonsense
the people who post on those subs want you to consume product and get excited for next product .
if you watch/read enough stuff you 'll be able to figure out plot points eventually .
that said you should be enjoying the ride not the destination
this is clearly an afk gacha 99 of the time .
no one is going to farm 5 gear manual tactics '' style
yamato making sure fnc get the max amount of games in playoffs once again
will compare to fitbit and garmin moveiq shortly or something like that as i got a newborn on my hands
you do n't want to see my sleep readiness stats
my goal in life is to skate by with minimal effort .
got b 's and c 's in college got my engineering degree landed a job at nasa that requires about 4-5 hours of actual work a week when things are quiet sometimes things go haywire and i need to put 60 hours in but that 's rare like once a year maybe play video games play with my dog relax .
play with your food https deadbydaylight.fandom.com/wiki/play_with_your_food play with your food '' shape https deadbydaylight.fandom.com/wiki/shape shape '' killer
each time you chase your obsession and let them escape play with your food recieves 1 token up to a maximum of 3 tokens
each token applies a stack-able 3/4/5 haste status effect up to a maximum of 9/12/15 .
performing basic attacks or special attacks that can damage survivors consumes 1 token .
play with your food has a cool-down of 10 seconds on token-accumulation .
you can only be obsessed with one survivor at a time .
'' you 've fooled them have n't you michael ?
save the best for last https deadbydaylight.fandom.com/wiki/save_the_best_for_last save the best for last '' shape https deadbydaylight.fandom.com/wiki/shape shape '' killer
each time you hit a survivor other than your obsession with a basic attack save the best for last gains 1 token up to a maximum of 8 tokens
gain a stack-able 5 cool-down reduction on successful attacks per token up to a maximum of 40 .
each time you hit your obsession with a basic attack save the best for last loses 4/3/2 tokens .
when the obsession is sacrificed or killed you can neither gain nor lose any more tokens .
you can only be obsessed with one survivor at a time .
'' death has come to your little town sheriff . ''
yeah even if they are enacting those policies as vote winners they are still enacting those policies .
if you 're enjoying it be sure to wishlist the downpour dlc on steam to help out the devs
i do n't care who wins the league i want champions league in freiburg !
sure the chances are garbage but so is 95mil sl .
like at least this could potentially get you something good .
also disliked house of leaves might have been over hype ?
i loved his sister 's music i subscribed to the hip underground vibe surrounding the book and read loved some bits that were floating around the internet so when i finally got an actual copy in my hands i was thrilled .
but not for long so contrived arduous fucking painful .
i forgot which one you supposed to read first but she 's got an edition with one chapter omitted that should be read if you have n't read the other one .
i could n't believe how hard this hit for a 10 mg drink .
potato for his wife bullets for his daughter gun banana for his brother
foreclosures occur when there is a catalyst of some sort which in turn causes a recession .
foreclosures dont just happen because of high prices alone .
i 'm just saying theres one sub who gets a hard on at the thought of millions losing their homes so they can buy a home at a discount .
not being able to afford your ideal dream home in an ideal location today is what rebubble is crying about .
a massive recession would leave millions without jobs and tight credit would make buying a home hard on the majority .
to think 2022 is the same as 2009 because people cant buy their dream home is delusional at the least .
at the very least rebubble lives in a fantasy in which a recession affects everyone except them .
stocks bitcoin and housing crashes except somehow they are unscathed ... ... yeah sure
well it 's subjective because it 's an opinion not a fact .
i personally do n't think jonathan is much better than the rest of the cast because they all seem very realistic to me more so in season 1 .
neither of us are wrong because it 's our opinions which are subjective .
please read the faq linked in the automod comment on this post or the sidebar especially the section on glute activation .
this looks like your first posting in the sub .
we have a couple scummy individuals who are scamming new members .
while you 're here please read the rules of the sub https www.reddit.com/r/gunaccessoriesforsale/wiki/rules and the reportable behaviors https www.reddit.com/r/gunaccessoriesforsale/about/rules before you do something to get yourself banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gunaccessoriesforsale if you have any questions or concerns .
i spread logic i have nothing against indian people do n't start that bullshit with me ...
det här är inte dom nya sedlarna vi kan försöka lägga in lite humor .
tsumu wrote his character so maybe the original kork was n't into it but tsumu forced it
thas right man nobody gives a flying shit about your p*rn addiction
willow complained about her dad bullying her into being a singer when she had stage fright .
imagine having parents in a cult making you face your greater phobia when it was n't necessary to you
my guy is 5 weeks and is super fussy and wants to eat every 90 mins day and night .
i 'm up 4 t times a night and to top it all he has reflux so cries a lot .
i do suffer from ptsd but the medication they have me on works really good .
if i did n't have my wife by my side i just do n't know that i would have made it .
i often see flashbacks of all the blood gore and death .
out there on the battlefield is absolutely nothing like you witnessed when you watch a television screen .
sometimes you will even feel the air from a bullet that whizzes by your head .
you become so angry inside that all you want to do is kill .
you look the russian dad in his eyes as he 's lying on the ground suffering after being hit .
you place your gun right up to his forehead and you pulled the trigger without even thinking about it .
this young man may have had a wife and children at home also .
you ca n't think about stuff like that in war .
it 's not a game and it 's not on tv .
when you live it in real life you 'll never be the same .
you lose all sense of what life is even about .
out there on the battlefield you only know one thing .
he 's a comedian one of the hardest professions known to mankind !
i work in public health in the sector of prevention of hiv/stis .
u=u is not as well known as you would think .
i 'm off i 'm off i 'm going to the big boner
no peace until russia is expelled from all of ukraine .
you 're a bit touchy about it maybe i hit closer to the mark than you want to admit
because ev drivers are currently in the salad days and dont realize that once they become way more prevalent all of the negatives of lack of infrastructure and the environmental hostility towards nuclear plants will bite them in the ass .
all of the same issues the gasoline engine car faced when transitioning from horses but with better roads .
if anyone thinks the governments will just give up on all of the tax revenue from fuel sales and not transfer them onto ev owners you are delusional .
per mile and increased registration and inspection fees are already in motion .
but you look with so much disgust at the camera lmao it 's hilarious
used every trick in the book to make sure they did n't make bron look weak with the loss .
posts should have enough text to encourage conversation and fully explain the scope of any questions you may have .
you may revise and resubmit your post or post in the weekly quick questions thread .
posting your own music promoting anything or asking for feedback on anything should also be posted in their respective threads .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wearethemusicmakers if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm currently developing a rpg two years into it still three-four more years to go !
i ca n't find one shot pixel art anymore it 's gone and now i 'm just gon na support void or the error
i must admit this is dexter 's most impressive kill .
traveling across seas and not even booking any lodgings to find lila kill her silently and board a plane back on the same day !
using toys never your feet legs arms or hands .
you need training start reading up on the basics .
i think there may be a few more issues going on as well but these are the main takeaways and so well put !
as stinky as your gorgeous armpits can get ! !
i am so so sorry you had such a sucky experience but am so glad you are n't having any pain post-surgery .
make sure to keep the extraction sites nice and clean while they 're healing they take awhile because it heals from the inside out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barelylegalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
the worst person you know just made a good point https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=vtxoiymhqay .
i bought the sal but i 've hesitated to start as i was unsure of the two color choices
i think 400x525 would be a more permanent spot statue of liberty template https www.reddit.com/r/place/comments/tujvpk/we_should_add_this_to_the_bottom_right_of_the_us ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf
bright side is they tend to play up better than down .
i think we are all allowed are opinions but there is no need to talk about them or project them .
gon na be a big feast i see a few more ready to go in the background .
they have been since 2ed complete ninja 's handbook p 65
long sword is a slashing weapon katana is slashing piercing
long sword is single hand katana is single or two handed
long sword base damage is s/m 1d8 l 1d12 one handed
katana base damage is s/m 1d10 l 1d12 one handed sml 2d6 2handed
if you used weapon speeds the katana is quicker by 2 but the long sword is lighter and cheaper .
i spent all day walking when i was working my first security gig .
people needa get better shoes or at least insoles then they would have to find a different excuse to cover their laziness .
i say this fully recognizing that i should be walking or biking more as well .
the convenience of cars has made me just as lazy
tbh the seats in the back of mine are n't bad just wish the car was a bit longer so it had a few more inches of room .
it fits the car seat we need it to easily especially when the top is open it 's easy to drop-in/out but it ca n't fit behind my seat because there is n't enough length .
and then my wife would need to sit a bit closer to the dash than she 'd like to .
just needs another 3 '' and it 'd be great .
with no extracurriculars and with honors lang during g11 .
just as long as both of them stay out of our territory then i do n't really care who wins
instead of sweep function can we have a queue up and sleep function ?
i do n't mind the grind but i wan na use my phone for literally anything else i 'd much rather auto 20 runs as usual but be able to have it run in the background or with the screen turned off .
shit i 'd pay a monthly sub to be able to .
in britain a full stop is the end of the sentence .
... and amazon just shifted as much cargo from that warehouse as possible to another .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cats if you have any questions or concerns .
high pressure jet of anything will hurt and leave a red mark .
they probably already have 5 kids at home who will live the same exact life
i always make a coven but i never legalize witchcraft .
i can definitely tell you to try the positions he likes i know it hurts but honestly it 's not dramatic to try them again once in a while men love surprises and i will definitely do the same with my husband .
look at local government jobs ... county state city .
not only do many start with pretty good pay it 's hard to beat the benefits from them ... especially that they are part of nv pers so you 'll have a pension when you retire .
premium at my gas station in san diego is 6.399/gallon so yeah anyone that 's willing to pay that and still give people shit for driving evs are just arrogant at this point .
this was to avoid having to pull out a phone or webpage lol .
i copy paste here part of the answer to q3 which i think is most relevant to baba
the revised provisions deletes the stipulation that on-site inspections shall be dominated by domestic regulators or depend on the conclusions of inspections by domestic regulators .
the modification demonstrates the open attitude that chinese regulators have consistently held towards audit oversight cooperation and the alignment of the provisions with international common practice which will lay an institutional foundation for secure efficient cross-border regulatory cooperation including joint inspections.
i checked in with the wt guys on their discord very friendly !
and they advised that it 's not possible with the default msfs flight planning system which the g3000 currently uses under-the-hood .
why did the president take millions of dollars from the mayor of moscow 's wife ?
that would 've been a good opportunity to pull out a pistol and get a free kill on bat guy .
check out my pinned post if you want much more .
girl wo n't give away my kidney this time .
i 'm not sure what you expect anyone here to do with this information but since drotschmann is married with children i 'm afraid you 'll have to move on and find somebody else .
i would not think dark mode would do much for battery life .
the leds are so low powered i am sure they do n't make a big impact .
it seems wifi bluetooth and audi features use up significantly more power .
poesie has a few other creamy but not dairy-based scents that you may like
black cat cuddles sweet coconut milk spiked with clove cinnamon black pepper incense-dusted fur flecks of black vanilla bean a distant pine forest this one is mostly a sweet creaminess to me with a bit of warmth from the spices without really smelling spiced .
it 's not currently available but it will probably come back in the fall .
green girl pistachio wildflower honey oatmilk matcha latte heliotrope blossoms marshmallow musk i get a lot of creamy oatmilk from this one with some nuttiness from the pistachio and a bit of matcha in the background .
this has enough other stuff going on that it may not be the purely creamy scent that you 're looking for but i still find it to be really creamy .
forest cat fuzzy paws tinged with earth night forest grey fur musk milky breath this is a kind of left-field suggestion but it 's a kind of fresh but cozy scent in a way that i have trouble describing .
the milky breath '' gives it a creaminess but i think it is a dairy-based milk so it may go funky on you .
i have n't tried soft but it also sounds great !
i like the rice note in madar but i 'm not a huge fan of rose .
i do n't know why ur getting so many down votes it 's just ur opinion🤷🏾‍♂️
it 's so much more that just a kid in there .
what if they gave a rapacious gluttonous hypercapitalist drooling vomiting-in-the-back-yard party ... and the consumers did n't come ?
only big clown feet for me from now on !
actual 3.0 is blockchain tech with immutability so everything gets written to a ledger .
metaverse is just a facebook thing that requires their vr hardware iirc i do n't use facebook
see that would n't work out well with me cause every time i sit down with my self i sexually harass myself and you definitely do n't want that lawsuit
just ask yourself what things will the government prevent a free person from doing ? ''
pack light and get there as early as possible .
the camping setup there is one of the worst of any festival i 've been to so it can really make or break your weekend .
also keep the schedule in mind because there are multiple stages that can take a little bit to get to from each other .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly i bought a 2020 full ev premiun package because i got to change another ice car that was getting unreliable .
i bought it because it was cheap on a 0 interest rate and i would try to get intonthe ev life with it to see ...
next thing you know i would never buy another gaz engine anymore .
those cars are unbelievable as a comuter car and the tech package is awesome with all the assist that come with it and i got fun playing with the regen paddles .
hyundai have done an awesome job with the ioniq .
so ... here is what i want gensler to answer .
if 90-95 of retail orders never hit a lit exchange and large institutional buys are routed to darkpools so as to never hit a lit exchange and cause a large price movement what 's left ?
you can give money to family to mend relationships .
you can spend money to find a purpose in life .
hello u/stayfrosty-001 your submission has been removed from r/warframe because it is a disallowed post r/warframe/wiki/other_disallowed_posts wiki_disallowed_posts .
images and videos must be directly captured using the methods available in each platform please read our disallowed page to learn how .
it is not acceptable to take pictures or videos of your screen using third-party devices such as a smartphone .
if you would like more information about this removal please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/warframe subject=disallowed 20post message=hello 20moderators 20of 20/r/warframe 0a 0amy 20 submission https www.reddit.com/r/warframe/comments/tuazxt 20has 20been 20removed 3b 20i 20would 20like 20you 20to 20reconsider 20because .
what genshin could have been is not for the ccp censorship and chinese female sjw karens .
and reaves was decent as well vs cj too the last time they met .
and as they drown in debt they 'll wheel their oxygen tank to the polls and cast their vote for whatever republican is on the ballot becsuse fox news said communism bad
the thing is though that lorelei was the one who agreed to these lunches it started with lorelei offering to be there for paris .
lorelei is old enough to set boundaries instead of acting fake with someone who clearly needs bluntness to understand something .
you know we only dabble in bad dreams here pal
we have a discord server for coordination on the project and so far we do n't have many members so i ask you to join .
currently we are waiting to get more members on board so we can start .
i was left alone in my house with this tall lady dressed in black who would lock the doors chase me around the house and stick needles under my fingernails then press the needles down so it started bleeding
but from what i 've seen i 'd rather go to the bottle shop or order direct from the brewery
you just gon na get a whole new table ?
yeah the newest dc motors have variable speeds and some of their highest end models allow you to run 6 inch ducts using quiet pipe or pvc ... . that with an imperial r2 vent cover and even at full cfm they are still whisper quiet .
i think because the line he says was translated into english as fallen for you '' implying romantic interest .
a more accurate localization of the intent of his statement would be a more platonic admire you '' or look up to you '' .
i am more in tune with my mental state and know if i 'm drifting one way or the other .
i can now catch it before i go manic or depressed and can talk to my therapist which really helps .
i think they all wear makeup when they go outside to a certain extent whether it 's just eyebrows or eyelashes .
but maybe that 's just because i live in los angeles .
we currently do not have permission to build past the belgium flag kronii and we appreciate it if you guys take it down until further notice both the vtuber r/place discord and the belgium community are n't happy with this .
edit may i also ask where you got the blueprint from ?
we would appreciate it if you alert the other members to halt the building for now .
edit2 anyone interested in our coordinated effort can join https discord.gg/3jt95zqb
i feel like prime vick on the ravens would put up pretty similar numbers to lamar .
vick had a cannon of an arm but he was n't overly accurate a passer
that said lamar won an mvp on the ravens so yeah it would work well lol
make/order food after work catch up on tv shows i missed during the week sometimes i practice guitar and/or piano and record something to mess around with look into potential investments make plans for weekend with friends or someone
most of the comments are saying nobody is to blame since it was n't intentional .
i 'm not native but it sounds very good !
your flow is great and i did n't notice any prominent errors .
i 'm not sure if you 'd pass as a native or not as i just do n't know the nuances that well but to me if you told me you were russian i would n't think twice .
as for forks on any pothole/crash/tip over they can twist the forks and it is easy to fix and you can generally feel it if something is off .
you just need to undo the lower yoke axle brake caliper/s and the front guard etc if in doubt take it out/back it off not enough to take it off but so it is n't tight as it is all friction fit .
leaving the top yoke in place or the bike is going want to fall to the ground or smack you in the face .
the amount should only be maybe a full turn of the bolt if that with a little socket wrench then if you can spin them with your fingers it is too much and wind them back in by hand .
when it is all done and the bike upright easier if the bike is on a paddock stand but can get another to hold the bike vertical and standstill .
mount the bike and stand on the pegs and press down on the top yoke like you are doing cpr down vertical not on the angle of the fork travel do that a few times and dismount and tighten the bolts from top-down maybe 1/4 turn at a time till snugged up .
should be a yearly thing for most bikes that anyone can do .
here 's a sneak peek of r/aboringdystopia using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/aboringdystopia/top ? sort=top t=year of the year !
1 living in a military industrial complex be like.. https v.redd.it/3fxzatl8jxv61 5736 comments https np.reddit.com/r/aboringdystopia/comments/n0gvl1/living_in_a_military_industrial_complex_be_like
3 fox news in idiocracy vs. fox news irl https v.redd.it/kw5f8yv0hw781 3869 comments https np.reddit.com/r/aboringdystopia/comments/royclg/fox_news_in_idiocracy_vs_fox_news_irl
that 's good everyone deserves love and sometimes the people we think are the right one turn out to be not
changing the bpm and note lengths simultaneously is not a function i 've found in gp7
it 's hard to see so you may not have spotted it your welcome but i asked my mates well the magpie outside and they swear it 's actually a black plastic suitcase .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not that knowledgeable with gamma ramp what makes this option chain different from the one back in january ?
i expected it to go crazy with that option chain in jan. what 'll be different this time ?
same i learn by watching too and i 'm sure i 've made others feel uncomfortable from watching them and when i watch it 's because i feel like i can learn
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
presidents generally get blamed for too much and get credit for too much .
it just turns into an ink blot for partisans to project their policy opinions .
one thing you ca n't refute is that he was popular .
it could effectively make your laptop into a display for the xbox but there could be around 30ms of latency .
if not then you have no idea what being reliable while being a single parent entails .
if you have to question whether or not they 're fake friends then they most likely are .
you 'd be amazed how alien it is to most people to do simple shit like track your own hours and calculate wages .
with that logic children also yearn to be foot soldiers why else would they play countless fps games like cod..
this is why i am single and forever will be .
i found out they were a pain in the ass when doing those teambuilder sets .
when i had to make another i put my efforts into the western conference team builder 16x85 teambuilder 94 .
you definitely should you have some you stuff to work on before you can be productive in the couples
someone should definitely invite her to the sub though .
i got lucky apparently with the person working on mine .
apparently there is one woman there that guys would reschedule when they found out it was her working on them though .
was admittedly an assumption based on personal experience but after a quick google i found multiple sources that said service industry in general most of which has similar scheduling and hours conflicts .
google it and take your pick from those if you do n't trust the one this quote is from using the 2013 census https www.google.com/url ? sa=t source=web rct=j url=https www.issuelab.org/resources/21894/21894.pdf ved=2ahukewjjxujczft2ahwikwofhvrlapqqfnoecaqqbg usg=aovvaw3t7n_zespsvtwstgnvl7ue
younger millennials 18 to 24 year-olds predominantly work in service industries leisure and hospitality or retail and wholesale .
median wages have declined or remained unchanged in the last decade in four out of the top five industry sectors employing 18 to 24 year-olds . ''
it may not be 100 accurate anymore but it was the most recent thing i found .
regardless the millennial thing is kinda irrelevant my point is a lot of people in the service industry play pokemon go or want to but ca n't do it anything but casually because all the events take place during our work hours .
regardless of what the majority of millennials schedule is my point is that the current community day hours alienate and punish people who have to work saturday from 2-5 which is most of the service industry regardless of age which i 'm sure makes up a decent amount of the players .
as childish as it may sound it 's simply unfair to a notable chunk of the playerbase to have such a limited time to participate in events .
a solution i think would be good would be to make the community day start by using an item similar to a incense and last the same amount of time for everyone so they can start whenever they want within a certain date range and only change spawns for them while they have it active and last a static amount of time so that everyone has 3 hours to participate in community day regardless of their work schedule .
he was wearing his prison jumpsuit when he got ported
getting their best guy to the line was a definitely a move .
i feel like i 'm the parody and the pasta is the real one .
how do you try to balance characters that seem op if at all ?
so if computershare counts this as cash equivalent this is n't even a split .
and i 'm trying to ask other people what they are reading into it .
chup reh madrasi 🤬🤬🤬 you have aryan bvll blood in you too
if you live in asia you have no other choice but to be .
and he would be a millenial if he 's 30
is reseating mean just putting it out from the case and re-installing it ?
source person who got t-boned by a police officer running a red light and had to take them to court to get compensation .
i highest score i could get was 750 which appears about 1 out of 20 challenges .
i tried to fish minimum of 746 but the score was still not enough .
i tried to replace chrom with a couple of units f ! edelgard l ! leif l ! fae.. but all of them scored worse than chrom so i ended up foddering l ! seliph to him for a c skills .
it might not have been affected it at all .
maybe bosco would go home then be brought back later if production really eanted to keep her ?
she 's literally about to have your baby and she is n't considered a mother yet ?
even people who 've lost their fetuses are considered mothers as long as they see themselves as such ? ?
a man came into the starbucks i use to work at the yell at me and ask why there was a truck parked in the road i said sir we do n't actually own the street ? and he left in the a huff .
they built the seaport as a city for suburbanites it 's like being in a fucking lifestyle center it 's terrible
i did n't realize so much of the audience was so excited for angelo which only had aired once live i believe before .
oh he just said they 're recreating al sneed from the simpsons and also wants us to respect his space
if you would like to learn how to verify please visit this link https www.reddit.com/r/dadsandboys/wiki/verification .
this is not a requirement you can still post here without verifying .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadsandboys if you have any questions or concerns .
oh wow that is a really long time and while i do want them i dont think i can wait that far ahead when others near that time frame caught my eye
that is likely but not required to be how this happens .
this is a split in the form of a dividend .
a dividend can be issued for whatever amount a company wishes if approved .
gme can pay above par and reduce the split percentage however they wish .
with how much your taxes go to the military i wouldnt be happy either lol
yup making big flag with no art on it is just waste of canvas
i worked full time at an elementary school in colorado and lived in my van because i could n't pay rent .
the only red helicopter you are likley to have seen around is a privately owned r44 .
there is one more a125 i think out of norwood i 've never seen the thing in the air myself .
and the 150k guy is helped by a 100k guy it 's organic
if you guys want to get rid of him down the bottom right be coordinated find something to replace it with and gather up 1000 people
slide the aperture doodad on the mount to open the aperture up and you 'll see if it 's on the aperture or glass .
lens fungus is a pain but this does n't look like what i 've normally seen white and spidery
it 's honestly rewarding though unlocking the chibis getting them a nice comfy place to rest .
certain characters have special interactions with each other too .
maybe i only eat tacos was this guy 's problem too .
whatever you do remember that life is like that .
it feels like there 's no point in living but there 's always a point if you look hard enough .
set a goal and try to reach that goal .
progress is progress so take the time you need .
i wish you luck and i 've faith you and you 're family will be well .
the pair of lightning claws give you an extra attack and the ability to re-roll to wound .
the thunderhammers double your strength and do more damage at the cost of 1 to hit .
the storm shield gives you a 4 and 1 to your armor saves .
so the claw guys are really good at killing hordes of light to medium armored guys .
guard eldar orks small tyranid forms tau and even other space marines without their own fancy combat weapons are all good targets .
on the other hand the hammer/shield guys are much more skilled at taking-down hard targets with lots of wounds like tanks monsters and characters .
they 're also somewhat more survivable due to the shield .
they also just look fucking cool imho so they 've got that going for them .
i 'd look at your army and see which one would help you out more given the other choices you 've made .
i did started working a month ago does that change anything ?
visit some of our recommended subreddits r/jizzedtothiss r/pornhole r/nsfwhardfuck r/itsporn r/totalpackage r/tiktokporno r/camslut4u r/onlyfansgirlsgw r/milf101 r/hentaimama r/sexybutclothed r/webcamshows r/borntobefucked
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickthighs if you have any questions or concerns .
im personally very curious as to why his cjildren werent there .
fm added the possibility of neoshadows which made it even worse .
i want to say that you had to farm them to get materials for ultima as well .
if you struggle with the higher power concept know that there are lots of us that are non-religious atheist and agnostic .
there have been atheists in aa since the beginning .
if you do n't find a group in your area that feels good to you you might want to check out some online meetings .
you could even look at online meetings in different cities .
i had to find groups that make me feel like i am home and are open minded .
and crime would be a lot rarer if the other things you listed actually happened .
i tested out an ipad air 5 and an 11 ipad pro .
i 'm getting an ipad for university to write notes on and while i could notice a difference in the home screen responsiveness i could n't notice a difference writing notes with the apple pencil .
i did n't realize that the harness/belt system always a pain to source
that 's probably your best move but your a bitch if you use moonviel or rob if you like it or not that 's just how it is man😂❤
the comforts safety and security of the nursery end at some point and we have to go into the world and live in it with its difficulties and dangers .
i think somebody pointed this out to me once but i forget who and some nursery rhymes seem to be a sort of preparatory such as 'jack and jill ' there are accidents sometimes or 'who killed cock robin ' there are even beautiful things that are destroyed unfairly or 'little jack horner ' some are more fortunate than others and possibly smug about it .
so some of these rhymes seem to point to realities we might or probably will encounter .
i suppose it is that sort of atmosphere i felt in this one .
admins have let loose the ai bot since the war in the east and if you say anything even unrelated to world current affairs your automatically shadow banned .
i did n't have any family to live with and he just joined the military .
he said we can get married to get a roof over my head education and job opportunities .
i just wanted to be with him because he really did mean the whole world to me .
i come from an extremely toxic broken home so he really is that family i never had .
the first 3 days sucked i had a lot of pain and did about 8 nasal rinses a day but i was prepared so feel like it was n't too bad .
the doc said my splints would be really crusty because i guess my nose was super fucked up but those washes saved me .
not sure if you had packing or splints but i had splints stitched in about 2 inches long 1 inch wide and i 'm pretty sure getting them removed is one of the best feelings of all time .
it took me three months to completely recover from getting off opiates .
i mean if intimacy did n't lead to a deep sense of loss when it ended there would n't be any value in it .
allow your self to grieve the loss and work on re-establishing yourself as an individual human .
if after doing that you still think his behavior is something you can tolerate then ok but for now it 's likely your scared of being lonely again brain telling you it hurts .
it 's not at all a nice feeling but you got this .
do n't want to pay him 4/60 to play for another team lol .
he has underperformed sure but he at least had 1 bwar last year .
i think he should start but lose playing time if he does n't perform .
same i clicked on an add for a superhero show a few weeks ago and ever since i 've been getting daily mail ben shapiro and candace owens ads all the time
hello u/remote_jicama_6797 it looks like you 're new here !
your post was removed because either your account is too new or you have not contributed to r/minecraft before .
you need to have more interaction wiki/commenting wiki_commenting with the r/minecraft community before posting video links of any kind including in comments .
please post contributory comments or submit non-video links before trying again .
in the meantime it is recommended you have a look through our rules http reddit.com/r/minecraft/wiki/rules .
please also understand that reddit has guidelines as to what constitutes spam http www.reddit.com/wiki/faq wiki_what_constitutes_spam.3f .
only submit links to your videos in a moderate amount .
for every post promoting your own video s you should have made 10 other submissions or contributory comments on other posts .
if your links are historically downvoted and you keep submitting them anyway they 're probably spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/minecraft if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's funny i recently watched it too and thought it was the biggest piece of dog shit .
i ca n't imagine why it 's held this status other than the stupid blade .
the main character was such a dud i wanted him to fail every time i saw him .
that being said i 'd also love to see a re view for krull .
we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
my first seeds were growers choice also weed turned out better than anything i was buying on the street lol
please repost i know people who go to this place and it sickens me that this kind of stuff happens
drk i just want the icons for grit '' and the blackest knight '' to not both be little dude with red effects on a blue bg '' i have both moves on the same ps4 buttons different tabs and i keep pressing the wrong one at the worst time and i have not played tank since that healer was a jerk over it .
are you one of the mexicans that look asian or filipinos that look mexican
kill the current landowners and take it for yourself .
that 's what it will take to get land for yourself .
sorry your post was removed because only approved submitters are allowed to make text posts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/starwarsnsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
try living that close to dc or cali or colorado now that 's bad .
the usos only win when the titles are on the line they unfortunately lose everything else
disclaimer .net core 6 adds top-level statements which adds magic to confuse you as a learning developer .
it 's literally just water and trees spray painted yellow .
i 've been to festivals that have put more effort into the scenery then this lazy arena .
a bassist should never not play a new one used bass .
just do n't let the cat out of the bag as it 's still reasonable and not over crowded like a lot of places in loudoun .
enjoying forming new connections and falling in love definitely has to also balance with other commitments in life such as time and existing partners .
just because we have and relish the freedom to have multiple partners does n't mean we should be irresponsible about it .
i have 2 partners and am already very happy and will not be actively seeking out another partner .
if a new connection happens and i really want to pursue it i 'll need to manage my time more consciously .
it 's important to still keep existing relationships strong and not just be addicted to the rush of nre .
i can understand your concerns and i certainly hope your partner keeps them in mind as well when she decides whether to pursue a new connection .
get a vpn to access bbc channel 4 and itv content
it 's not on the level of douglas but still nice and steamy .
bonus for certain tastes ! hero is pretty inexperienced !
the footnote lends to the impression that the reason must be practical '' .
indeed when fauci was asked about not approving additional vaccines he initially lied and said there were none submitted for consideration .
then he continued with what would do we need it for ?
sounds to me like the rule fits perfectly into what he already admitted .
not saying anything novel here but this scoundrel is obsessed with mrna experimentation knowing traditional lab work would take too long .
i used to have high hopes for novavax but having a lot of time consider i do n't have a lot of confidence that there is n't something in this formula that is also repulsive .
i have to remind myself that there are no attempts to make a vaccine using the actual virus which is as simple as it gets .
unless there is some alchemy involved these swines do n't want to hear it .
you can get an excellent workout on an ebike .
you will want to ride more because it is fun .
brain fog that shit is real know the words but ca n't say them
i hear this type of thing so often in la .
the retro-future interiors were something gm did quite a bit in the 80s/90s
law and kidd only defeated big mom because of their devil fruits .
it 's not bad at all can be quite glutinous .
the cutest ever how the older sibling comes to the rescue😭
the number of public github projects someone has does not make them a real programmer whatever that means .
also what if their company uses gitlab or bitbucket ?
it 's not capitalisms fault but the removal of the gold standard .
during the depression the average worker earned 55 oz of gold .
i believe this is the first i 've heard your work and i really enjoyed it !
i have responses to the individual performances but i just wanted to note that i particularly enjoyed your reading style .
your toy maker was very demanding but also somewhat comforting .
i felt like i was going to be used and maybe even hurt a little but no more than i agreed to .
the rake was pitch perfect how i wrote them .
you played her confident almost to a fault and you really gave off a sinful vibe .
the sweet was pretty delightful and wholesome and i felt very safe with her .
the stern made me imagine watching you snap at a brat dragging her out of view just hearing the conflict going on and still thinking about it much later .
the mistress felt cruel and cold as she should be with a hidden depth of care and devotion .
the lover was just a wonderful way to finish .
expressing that final vulnerability from a place of dominance .
i ca n't wait to listen to your fills of ava 's stuff too !
you can look online at departures find your gate at least if there 's lots of departures early then you know to get there earlier
as a bot we just attach ourselves to the wall for a recharge 12 hours out the day
i want you to know that as a much older person reading your post my immediate reaction was this is great he 's only 18 and he wants to tackle this now .
i 'm not going to pretend to have the ideal diet workout plan for you but i am going to tell you you can absolutely do this .
just acknowledging that your addiction to food is out of control and negatively impacting your life is the best place to start !
i wish i 'd had your understanding of how crucial it is to change one 's relationship with food when i was your age .
the limited advice i can give you are things i bet you already know break up with refined sugar and junk food investigate intermittent fasting and once you find an eat/fast schedule that feels potentially realistic to you try it and do your very best to stay with it if you fall off the wagon forgive yourself and get back on and if at all possible find a good therapist who specializes in young adults with eating disorders .
an addiction to overeating is very often tied to emotional issues even if it seems like it 's just a response to pleasure .
i think oliver because of lian yu talia the league hong kong and all the experience he has .
nothing is wrong it 's showing a mclaren being lapped by a ferrari .
soykırım demek devlet eliyle sistematik bilinçli ve planlı olarak bir etnik grubu veya bir bölümünü yok etmek demektir kısacası .
simdi bunlar ruslarla bir olup oh biz de ülke kurarız diye türk ve kürleri öldürdüler sonra bizim köylüler de bunları öldürdüler sonra osmanlı dediki bunlar kendi devletini arkadan vuruyor bunları suriyeye sürdü ama sadece oradakiler sürdü edirnede istambulda ermeniler hala var di yaşıyordu madem soy kirim neden oradakiler öldürmezsin be padişah ?
sonra bunlar tecrit olurken açlık sefalet birazı telef oluyor hatta savaştan sonra bazılar geri donuyor .
aynı vikipedyada osmanlı belgesi var osmanlıdaki ermeni nüfusu 1914 yılına ait sanirim 1.5 milyon digor i timizler 1.2 milyon diyor vs.. 1.8 milyon insan yok ki
that tends to happen with governments that work only to prolong their existence rather than doing anything whatsoever for the people they pretend to represent .
hey for a weird reason i cant dm you anymore
stock splits are normal good for investors and project confidence in your company .
the votes are the least important of al this .
everyone will vote for the split institutions as well because it 's good for their bottom line .
gather all of the employees making less money than new hires and collectively demand a raise .
it could backfire and they fire all of you but doubtful .
it 's a disgrace that new hires are making more than veteran employees
the only reason to wear a bra is if you want to wear one !
yes there may be a few reasons you would want to but that is a completely personal decision .
and i 'm not just talking about at home bras do n't need to be worn out of the house either unless the person chooses to wear one .
she 's not childless ... she has an actual baby growing inside of her right now .
this is kind of a common problem in couples expecting their first child .
since you do n't have the experience of feeling this child inside of you your perspective is that the baby is yet to come .
for her she 's at the very least endured her body changing to accommodate this child felt it move felt it kick .
for her the kid is very much already a huge factor in her life .
it 's not something that will happen in the future .
you 're talking about the woman you love that is currently carrying your child .
do n't be indifferent to the sacrifices she 's making already on principle '' .
get her a gift to recognize her because she is already being a mom right now .
for me it 's that i 'm speaking well enough but the operator does n't understand or i have to repeat myself but something happens like i ca n't get through or they keep on redirecting me to a service i do n't need
devoe litterly killed the part of him that feels emotion lol
so if i connect the ground then tap the positive terminal with a metal rod it could short ?
but would n't it also do that if you connect the positive and then tap the ground ?
my father taught me to always remove the positive first and then ground last because if i removed the ground first when i remove the positive it would spark which back in his day could be deadly due to the possibly of fumes that the battery gave could give off after fixing it since he always had to fix them himself because he worked on a farm for most of his life .
well to him its probably not a main project '' anymore and probably finds doing other work more fulfilling .
nta he lied to his wife he ruined his marriage .
i think that in practice the people who are benefiting or losing out because of affirmative action are probably on objective measures pretty much indistinguishable from each other as far as qualifications go
this is demonstrably untrue at least when it comes to law school applications .
being an underrepresented minority gives a bump that is equivalent to 5-10 points on the lsat or somewhere around 0.2-0.4 gpa sometimes both .
you can see it on data sites like lsdata urm and non-urm have two very clearly different cutoffs on stats .
if you can get them into position at guns are big damage dealers to all structures from the lowly machinegun bunker to the infamous ukf sim city .
if you can get vision on the structure at guns attacking it directly will hit every shot and kill it fast .
if you ca n't get vision you can still attack ground and hit it fairly often .
failing that consistent indirect fire from mortars isgs and artillery will do the job just fine .
you can even go for the combined arms approach and use some at guns and a mortar .
smoke your at guns to protect them from enemy infantry and machine guns and then use the he barrage to deal damage while the at guns attack ground from the safety of the smoke .
one guy told me only gay men do it ...
i was confused but he was n't the type i had any desire to continue talking to .
interesting it was in the log that it was shot off .
wait stop literally all these years ive thought it was he looks so pretty like a devil 😭😭😭😭
every melanated person on the planet can keep a beat but most white people clap to music at the wrong time .
seeing as the amount of people that would constitute you are almost certainly wrong .
there 's bound to be a couple that ca n't .
every melanated person on the planet can keep a beat but most white
important for things like animation sound and pretty much anything
music does n't have hard and fast rules only conventions .
clapping at 1 and 3 is still recognizing a rhythmic pattern and being able to follow it
visual art is absolutely creative not nearly pretty much anything creative '' is dependent on rhythmic patterns .
patterns allows players to predict the actions of repeat opponents .
can you tell me how this relates to clapping to 1 and 3 instead of 2 and 4 ?
riot games excludes countries with high black and brown populations from
the world 's '' tournament to promote white supremacy but it 's only led
to watching white guys lose to asians almost every time .
people will continue to win every esport competition they are allowed to
curiously enough someone like sonicfox who 's dominated the nrs scene is from the us .
meanwhile the na lcs is not really known for their international dominance .
i shall loosen your ropes but only so you can please me to the best of your ability ''
i do n't feel lonely but i have been progressively getting sadder .
i think the only reason why i have n't been feeling lonely was the fact that i had a friend to stay by my side .
hope you have read the rules and followed them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/desinavelsandbellies if you have any questions or concerns .
regardless of how many calories you may have skipped remember that just drinking one pint of water adds on a pound .
so if you weigh yourself at the middle or end of the day you may have lots of water and undigested food adding on several pounds .
just move his cart he does n't own the place
just stand still and look at a product he 'll move around you
honestly you are perceiving slights because you have no internal power so are in this state of power insecurity .
a powerful person would just calmly move the cart and not react to someone walking towards them in a store .
let the pakistani redditors know about the surgical strike 🤣
the way to get around it is to buy those big bin liners specifically designed for your outside bin and tie them off on bin night .
bin-snoopers cant see what you chucked out and they wont try and rip it open because ew so you just get a smiley face by default .
the council can go fuck themselves on this initiative .
speaking of which can i shamelessly pitch the idea of a medical fund for the idiots volunteering in ukraine ?
they 're generally using their own dime own gear travel and lodging and training .
the russians regard them as mercenaries and have free license to torture kill and mistreat those who surrender or get captured not that war crimes are anything new for them .
they 're up against the modern military of a world power often at a disadvantage .
they 're not asking for a check or college tricare whatever but simply to help a sovereign nation continue to exist .
to help bring a faster more decisive end to the mass suffering and crimes against humanity that we see nearly every night on tv and they see all around them .
it 's a war to keep a people from getting decimated and assimilated into a dystopian nightmare regime that 's actively threatening all of humanity .
many hopefully most of these volunteers are veterans who have already been around the block before and are more than willing to step again because they know what 's at stake .
every government has washed their hands of these volunteers out of fear of escalating the conflict .
insurance companies wo n't even think about touching them and every policy i 've ever read explicitly denies coverage of any kind for what they 're doing .
they just consider you dumb enough to deserve it at that point .
i can see the logic but i do n't see the honor .
so if this grifter bitch can raise 142k for spouting off deranged drivel that tears friends and families apart i 'd sure like to see crazy people striving for a good cause receive some fucking help when they need it .
i do n't know about interesting but the belief in god .
those last couple pics get pretty crazy but a little crazy is always fun !
pretty sure she loses her hitbox after you control victor for a while
i am not going to bread and butter these pickle spears .
if a certain ideology is causing some of the people involved to act like scumbags i will say it .
the behavior shown is a scumbag type of behavior .
back when people could have a different opinion without being called a bigot .
all because of the tv saying all this bad stuff about the terrible awful other side '' .
now we have all these people in society goin around and calling people like neighbor joe with the maga hat who is a hard working family man who just goes to work of being all these deplorable things .
shit i ca n't even ask a subreddit for any sporting clubs that are lax on mask mandates without being called the worst of names by a total stranger who knows nothing about me .
you can condemn my school boy playground words all you want .
but in the end i was just being real .
i do n't think estates are so bad i am really confused about all the age/era stuff and edicts though .
honestly have n't even tried to understand those yet .
also having issues with the new diplomatic stuff like favors trade leagues/federations and especially all the tribal stuff seems nonsensical .
the new espionage stuff too i 'm not sure if any of it 's useful .
for me though i 'm never good enough to make it to absolutism only done it an handful of times in my 1300 hours .
as a result i 've never really had a strategy or long term plan laid out .
i 'm usually either losing a massive war/collapsing from unrest/giving up from boredom before the 1600s .
honestly maybe i should n't even worry about this stuff too much since i 'll never be good enough at the game to understand it all .
i guess over time i should slowly absorb some of the more important mechanics
gus fring is my favorite character of all time .
most likely not a lot of countries are blocked and vpns will get your account locked .
also fyi buying an account is very illegal and is considered identity theft since you need an ssn just saying since many in this thread are suggesting
ur god damn foot got chopped off how u manage that ?
i do n't connect with my step kids and do n't like being around them but i have never treated badly and am always kind and pleasant to them .
just because you fall in love with a man does n't mean you 're going to automatically fall in love with his ex 's children .
this pressure needs to stop being put on stepparents .
suicide ideation is not a characteristic of the folk here nor mine .
from my understanding it is claimed that suicide ca n't solve the pain that easily precisely because once we are alive survival instincts kick in .
a lot of people live miserably and still find reasons to not end it .
this community comes from a place an empathy and deals with the source of all pain being born .
in a world what you completely fail to understand is that suicide does not solve the issue of not wanting to have been born .
i know there are lots of guys that think i 'm attractive and i 'm happy with myself .
it still plays all the movies are on an automated system to put it simply .
therapy or at the very least institutionalize me so i 'm not a danger or burden upon society and my loved ones .
dude im done you sounding like the white girls now .
the people i still correspond with and put money on their books are lifers .
i tried discouraging him many times and he said he woulda done anything to get them but yeah i thought of this
some rude honesty from me that kind of thing absolutely disgusts me most of the time and i 'm usually instantly unaroused when i see blood on my dick .
that being said if i 'm given the respect of a sudden we 're stopping .
i do n't want to have sex anymore . ''
i would help clean up and offer something else to do like cuddles and a movie .
it 's about the intimacy and emotional connection for me i guess .
i feel like this guy has just never seen blood in his life or he 's being completely insensitive about how you might feel .
it 's understandably surprising messy and a little gross when this happens .
that 's no excuse to hide from being mature through communication and sympathy .
the one thing that concernes me here is the need to censor an image of 5x5 pixels
it is a very freeing feeling to know i can ignore them now if i feel it 's right for me .
it was nagging at me how much i was focused on keeping that streak going .
u would think that since most on this sub rarely sleep that would be easy peezy lmfao
bro red panda didnt even lasted for 3 month yet .
if i do n't get it i do n't give it .
i 've never had a guy refuse to go down on me ... ever .
i 'd actually find it weird if one did .
shits prolly watching me because i cheated an ugly ass base to eve i built high off my ass
republican christians and prolifers '' just seem to love rapists and hate women .
that 's why they are the ones proposing laws that allow child marriage .
i bet most of the prominent male proliar members are sexual predators if not a significant portion of their base .
they will utterly deny this but the proof is in their actions not their words .
i just commented on a post about a man running as republican where the entire article was about him admonishing women who use contraceptives and saying they are to blame for rapists the destruction of the institution of marriage and the destruction of western ideals ... and the article finished with how much he had donated to donald trumps presidential campaign a man who has two divorces under his belt who openly admitted to sexual assault who has allegations of abuse against him who has been unfaithful within a marriage and who has undoubtedly shagged many many women using contraceptives etc etc .
the hypocrisy is astounding but they 're either too stupid to realise that they 're being hypocritical or they do n't care as long as it is men doing what they claim to disagree with .
they literally have zero integrity as long as someone is furthering their agenda but always manage to degrade women and their actions while supporting men who do those exact things with impunity .
he got other players bustin at him but they ca n't do nothin to a g
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
please note if you are trying to transcribe on reddit mobile you will not be able to copy/paste this footer .
please switch to your mobile browser and copy the footer to a note file on your device .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
it 's just people who usually do n't use reddit helping out there is a massive discord call and twitch stream of people using an template/overlay to fix the logo
might sound stupid but could n't they use a vacuum cleaner on the area ?
you are right teamspeaker management tools do lots that discord does not
her a d the bell bearing hunter in caelid gave me more trouble than most of the story bosses .
i 'm one of if not the most negative guy on this sub when it comes to wwe so i understand all the they 're gon na fuck him posts '' but i do n't think they 'll fuck up cody .
the difference with this situation and virtually every other time wwe has screwed something up is that this time it 's about wwe making a business deal .
the fact that they 're just letting cody do the exact same character he had in aew with zero alterations says a lot about what this deal entails because they do n't do that for anyone .
feels good as a solo roamer but also helps the team .
i 've found i can use my tactical to get randoms to be aggressive since they know shield levels and whatnot .
i just find this trend of blanket russophobia disturbing it 's like all that cold war propaganda about the evil ruskies has floated back to the surface and is now informing people 's opinions .
i find what the russian state is doing in ukraine to be abhorrent but i 'm not going to hate on every single russian because of it any more than i would hate on every american for what rumsfeld and bush did in the middle east .
otherwise we end up in the situation where people get attacked simply for speaking russian on the subway or some language that might be russian to an untrained ear .
are n't most the tribes in oklahoma from elsewhere and that was just the destination of the trail of tears ?
this is a reminder to check the r/ukrainewarreports rules .
every post with 3 reports will be removed automatically .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ukrainewarreports if you have any questions or concerns .
hahaha you think a person split the moon in half because some stupid dessert people wrote about it hundreds of years ago ?
that is the stupidest thing i 've ever heard .
how can you prove that those people were telling the truth ?
all you did was quote to quran to falsely prove that the god of the quran is true .
the god of the quran is what you are trying to prove so using the quran to do that is called circular logic .
christians do the exact same thing with the bible .
without using the quran how can you prove that any god exists and that this god wrote or inspired the quran ?
yeah and if we cultivated an economy more welcoming to high tech startups that kind of thing would happen less often .
started in nz founded by an absolute genius or a few from nz moved to the us because they got more funding and more support .
the us is always gon na be able to win in some of these cases but nz would have held onto so much more if we actually tried to make our country a place where innovators can flourish .
folks in the midwest seem to be running red lights at a far higher rate than previously .
... it flew 23 times in 2022 before the invasion ...
do you mean that you are not capable of having attractive female friends ?
or has something happened to you in the past to make you doubt this ?
i was on my way to drop off food .
i had to make a left so put my left blinker on slowed down waited for traffic to pass and started to turn left .
the car behind me was revving it 's engine and tried to pass on the left .
it was a grey dodge charger with a loud muffler .
i was like wtf and yeah i flipped them off .
i made my turn and they pulled up along my driver 's side rolled down the window and pointed a gun at my face .
i pulled into the closest driveway and laid on the horn .
this whole neighborhood is all dead ends and so there is only one entry and exit .
a nice couple came out and asked what happened .
after i stopped shaking i delivered the food to the diner .
i was afraid the dodge might be waiting for me as i exited the neighborhood to shoot me but they were n't there .
it was my 1st and last delivery of the night .
i did file a police report and called support .
i did n't get the license plate number and i ended up not being shot and got home okay .
but now i 'm a little bit nervous to go back out like what if i run into this car again ?
i definitely wo n't be flipping anyone off anymore .
did n't use account since 2016 when account was created for a student project .
i feel like that is 10x worse than not good strawberries .
i made the mistake of buying jvc because i liked their audio equipment but i had two jvc cams malfuntion with the same weird error message and the tape would eject immediately upon closing the tape loader .
sometimes people have nowhere else to go or no one to turn to .
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
it appears you can get image post or text post with link but not both .
here is a clickable link https driveelectricearthday.org/event ? eventid=3099 https driveelectricearthday.org/event ? eventid=3099
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/guiltygear/comments/tv0kld/a_bit_more_progress_since_my_last_post 32 32
initation isnt so bad as some make it seem .
maybe it is even a bhaalspawn that has ascended .
maybe it is even the pc from the first two games finally falling victim to the machinations of evil gods .
never seen a tuxedo w an all black face he 's very adorable
people tend to forget that we do n't know who ourselves are we 've just got front-row seats .
it 's the typical conservative mindset of being fooled into thinking that you the 'master of your own destiny ' .
it 's why most of them oppose social-care because it 's not 'doing it yourself ' .
the saudi oil families just do n't have to disclose their wealth .
it looks like you 're trying to buy or sell monero .
if you want to learn more please check the pinned weekly thread for more information .
if the weekly thread does n't have the answer your question feel free to leave a comment .
if this removal was in error it should be approved by the moderators within a couple hours .
feel free to send a message to modmail if it 's urgent .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/monero if you have any questions or concerns .
and in the last 10 years more child sexual abuse cases have been prosecuted than before .
it 's hard sometimes because cps has a lower standard of proof than criminal court which is beyond a reasonable doubt .
sometimes you do n't get the justice you deserve and that sucks .
but all victims need to know even without criminal charges they can civilly sue their abuser and many attorneys will take this case on contingency basis .
there are time limits but it 's a worthwhile pursuit and an alternative to reporting criminally
the best thing about owning an old beater car is being able to ram it into anything without concern for resale value .
the city i live in currently does n't enforce basic rules like running red lights speeding aggressive driving etc so if someone taps my car on the highway or whatever i 'm not gon na lose sleep over it much less need to file any sort of ins claim .
i do n't think u realise how impossible that will be with this little people 😭
va bene i temi da disegnare sono decisi democraticamente ma gli ordini strategici e tattici sono decisi da gerarchie immagino .
the news cafe in blackrock do amazing fry ups ans sandwiches .
let me save you all some time and a click
it 's a vice article about how hassle stalked and pranked '' boogie till boogie got to the point he pulled a gun on only hassle and fired a warning shot all while on boogies property .
if you want a tank killing unit just try to build gkz king dark or heavenly warlord .
he 's got the damage but he 's gon na really struggle against invincible and immortal enemies heavily .
he should be spraying the opposite side from where he 's standing wtf
while you roll around in despair visit r/depressionmemes for a good laugh .
my mom fucked my friend while we were on vacation and now i want to fucking die she mom took us to miami for a spring break vacation .
everything seemed normal when we were there and when we got back .
they spread all throughout my school and a bunch of kids asked me if my mom really had sex with a student .
until my close friend who was there told me .
he told me one of the nights we went down to the hotel pool and said friend stayed up saying he wanted to go to bed early .
he stayed up there and then something happened and my mom slept with him .
i feel sick to my stomach and so mad writing it .
i confronted her and she admitted and tried to apologize but i just ca n't with her .
i 'm contemplating just telling my dad so he can fly me up to his house but i hate being around his dumb bimbo gold digging girlfriend .
i want to fight that fucking asshole that did this .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
the same place you get tailor made japanese school uniforms apparently .
haha yeah right you were just mad that you have to ride the horse everywhere and it 's not fast enough ...
ussr was obsessed about acronyms but not as much as nato .
your fraud head coach lost the 2 last important games of his career and unc will forever own the rivalry .
i wish nano will help the unbanked and people in the world to get independant from the old system .
the money we earn is ours and to share with others on our terms not third parties !
you 're gripping onto your daddy 's cock so hard..
need to pump another load into you and ensure you bear strong and healthy child like the milf you are..
well if you think about it aborting school is probably the safest way to teach young wizard 's magic considering actconsidering accidental magic kind of becomes stronger as they age i think according to cannon and then and really they will have a lot of homework and have to practice magic it 's probably the best way to have the mini controlled environment so they can learn
i think he 'll be like every other melee lord in warhammer janky and unreliable but with a neat model .
warhammer lords are incredibly crude compared to 3k generals besides casters and it almost does n't matter what he 's designed to do when in reality what theyre best at is ignoring damage by awkwardly breaking animations and bodyblocking walking straight through the frontline and locking some poor ranged unit into melee for 20 minutes just by virtue of having absurdly high health and a tiny hitbox .
hopefully will get some cool fantasy '' style units to really bring out chinese myth though .
i think people confuse his politics with the manifesto he ran on which i believe was written by the bennite wing ?
i wash them out in the shower which your flatmate should n't have a problem with unless she never cleans out her vag in the shower and then put them in the wash inside an underwear wash bag .
just do n't tell your extremely immature flatmates that you did it she 'll never even know
have you tried to go back to mistook maybe reload the area and snap again ?
idk if night time is a factor but that 's when i did it .
had to do it a few times he jumps down near a closed wall part .
jag tycker det låter som att du ska behålla bilen ett tag till och lägga din energi på att reda ut laddsituationen .
jag kör fortfarande en v60 men har hjälpt till att få laddmöjlighet till alla platser i vår brf .
om ni har parkering som en samfällighet så är det knepigt med laddplatser om andra inte är ombord med sådana men det kan gå ändå .
vårt garage är en samfällighet och vi fixade det ändå 😀 kan du utveckla hur parkeringen fungerar i ditt område ?
yeah but you also have to draw evenly matched on your starting hand .
i 've seen lots of bullying at mallu dominated school i went to especially from the partial teachers .
action was eventually taken but it was too late .
action was also possible only because the director was n't indian haha .
i am indian myself and i can say this .
the whole system was corrupt and not neutral at all .
such that i had to go all the way up through supervisors vice principal and principal too .
even though i was out of school by then it helped the students after me with the removal of toxic teachers .
only then did the school acknowledge that teachers can be horrid too .
otherwise my school had the mantra that all teachers are holy gurus .
one of my main annoyance was constantly switching to and teaching in malayalam even though school is officially an english medium school .
there was plenty of student bullying too but that is normal i guess .
a school is representative of the sample from the population anyway .
i wish i could have them bouncing in my face while you ride my hard cock !
where is the designated area we 're thinking of drawing on ?
i 've looked around the areas the other comments have said and i ca n't really tell if it 's the right place or not thank you
she did n't realize that she had put them on incorrectly .
i thought the dunning-kruger effect was that the best way to get the right information about something is to give incorrect information about it .
ona i mamba da su zgodne bile bi negdje drugdje a ne tu
oh you did but it still seems it 's not working out .
in any case i hope you enjoy the music !
c'est vrai que jlm a défendu dans le passé des régimes autoritaires je ne vais pas le defendre sur ça .
mais on pourrait reprocher à macron sa complaisance avec certains régimes notamment israël qui a litérallement annexé des territoires voisins dans le plus grand des calmes contre l'avis de l'onu .
et dire que jlm est plus autoritaire '' que macron n'a concrètement aucun sens surtout dans la mesure où son programme vise explicitement à donner moins de pouvoir au gouvernement .
et je te rappelle que sous macron on a eu droit à des répressions particulièrement violentes lors de manifestation choses qui n'a pas échappé aux observatoires indépendants de la democratie dans le monde .
i 'm guessing videos like these intentionally do wrong things like keeping the pickle in there or putting the packet in last instead of first to encourage everyone to comment about it .
there was a solid stretch early on where he seemed very uninterested in the game .
i agree with the spirit of the bill but it should have contained language to stop insurance companies from shifting the lost profits to higher premiums .
i also do n't mind paying a tad more to help those in need but in this case my values are fuck um insurance companies they have had it good for too long and now it 's time to take them out .
with enough dedication i do n't see why not .
there 's plenty of people who start fighting later in life and still kill it out there .
would he have a cannon on his back and only attack air or something ?
i m p l o s i o n .
i feel like mothers this fine must be heard and seen .
i am inclined to agree with you but i think it is hard to argue that much of life can be characterized as endless pointless suffering .
at least if one finds themselves in a generally capitalist system while not valuing capital directly .
yep i grind very fine with a handheld battery whizzer just fill 00 caps but would probably hit quicker with a carrier like coconut oil .
thc estimate is based on starting material amount vaped and conservative estimates of how much of the cannabinoids remain .
very heavy body buzz and wavy auditory vibrations cascading down my face .
she has everything what is she doing on tiktok ?
for your security do not post personal information to a public forum including your coinbase account email .
if you 're experiencing an issue with your coinbase account please contact us https help.coinbase.com/en/contact-us.html directly .
if you have a case number for your support request please respond to this message with that case number .
you should only trust verified coinbase staff https help.coinbase.com/en/coinbase/other-topics/other/is-coinbase-present-on-social-media.html .
please report any individual impersonating coinbase staff to the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/coinbase if you have any questions or concerns .
manhunt is you could read you 'd understand that 's what i actually said .
your brother builds a business from the ground up raises a child with his wife who he trains to take over the business when he retires all while supporting you with a 2000 monthly allowance free accommodation and providing your sons with employment .
meanwhile you refuse to acknowledge his daughter as a member of the family you do n't talk to her you do n't so much as buy her a single gift for her birthday or for christmas .
let 's not pretend that her being female and a different race to you do n't play a role here too .
you are so entitled and self centred that you throw a massive tantrum when your brother announces he 's handing the business over to his child say enough hurtful and venomous things that your brother who clearly has the patience of a saint throws you out on your arse and refuses to speak to you .
and then you blame the daughter for turning your brother against you .
and you assume his daughter is going to cut you off fire your sons and evict you because that 's what you would do you realise that just maybe after all she 's had to endure from you she does n't consider you her family and has no obligation to you .
you 're scared that she sees you for what you are and unlike your brother has no qualms with calling you out on your bullshit .
to be honest github has just gotten better and better since the ms acq
here comes the why do you care so much ?
using the same tactic as u previously did now instead of the i 'm not a pedophile you are it 's my actions do seem to be ignorant and egotistical instead of admitting fault i 'm going to accuse them of being a pedophile .
i care because i fucking hate pedophiles and i hate that the word is being thrown around and being cheapened .
relevance does n't matter as for people who care about terminology the context does n't matter at all it 's about being right and using the correct words to describe something or situation .
u saying my murder and homicide comparison is irrelevant just shows how ur lacking in critical thinking skills .
correcting people on their terminology is n't restricted to a certain topic that 's not how it works .
if ur using the wrong words to describe a situation correcting that is n't in anyway weird .
just because the situation now is related to pedophilia that does n't mean suddenly terminology does n't matter .
that 's the thing using pedophilia as an umbrella term is just inaccurate .
liking 5 year olds vs liking 16 year olds are very very very different things in all aspects .
if anyone is attracted to a 5 year old they are a pedo .
if a 16 year old is attracted to a 16 year old would u call them a pedo ?
there is a difference so there are different words to describe them .
the only reason u think it 's weird is because of ur gigantic ego .
u believe u are so morally high and ur ego is so fragile that if you see anyone willing to converse in uncomfortable conversation about immoral acts that you are unwilling to converse in you believe that they condone or are part of such acts .
ur blatant ignorance and ur blatant shameless defense of ur ignorance with morality .
only if i was a wwii japanese general convicted of war crimes
harry has been coasting for a while hopefully this will raise his game back to levels we have seen before .
that only works if you 're using a minimal amount of cheese on your pizza .
the reason neapolitan pizza 's have blotches of mozzarella on them rather than a full layer is because mozzarella holds too much moisture and will coat the pizza in water .
hence the need for low-moisture mozzarella which is also sold in italy for this exact reason .
here 's a sneak peek of r/catsarealiens using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/catsarealiens/top ? sort=top t=all of all time !
1 blind cats are definitely aliens https i.redd.it/jikolkbgosp41.jpg 48 comments https np.reddit.com/r/catsarealiens/comments/frp072/blind_cats_are_definitely_aliens
3 a couple of void cats examining a human baby https i.redd.it/eecvndo5a2471.png 32 comments https np.reddit.com/r/catsarealiens/comments/nv73z7/a_couple_of_void_cats_examining_a_human_baby
yet john aitken feels like he 's entitled to talk down and berate people .
brother the turks did not do this but they helped you fix it know it .
very unrelated but i managed to clear https imgur.com/jfitez9 abyss 12-3 for the first time ! !
after a bit more than a year of playing too i 'm still shaking lmao
when are americans gon na drop the race theory ?
the cost of owning a house can be pretty big .
we also did n't properly factor in that our risk appetite changed and we wanted to get additional insurances e.g life income trauma etc .
its a bit risky if you 're buying at the top end of your budget .
if you can lock in and pay the 5 year term and still have money on top for the essentials it may be worth it .
i 'm a recent home-buyer and i 'd probably have advised myself to keep after-tax dti ratio under 5 and mortgage repayments no more than 35 .
if you want just the console they 're still crazy hard to get .
i 'm curious as to what she said when you turned her down .
so when i was in russia 10 years ago the russian girls being my tour guide told me russian girls get foreign boyfriends because there 's 5 girls to every guy in russia and all the russian guys are ugly . ''
so if she 's managed to get a russian boyfriend she probably does think she 's hot .
i have them done regularly but going to organise more tomorrow
french people enjoy fake information as usual in their country
crazy that the regular sentinel is a lot harder than all others it 's a lot easier to hug the others and the threat from the massive and precise aoe does n't exist .
the regular sentinel is also fought a lot earlier when you 're not so good at the game .
all of those variants of the sentinel tried to cast too much stuff and were a lot easier to read .
the classic sentinel is the true king s tier fight also very fun to play against .
5 weeks although i was sure it was closer to 8 when i started calling them 😂 you 'd think after a year of holding i 'd have learnt some patience
you know if you leave him today with nothing on your name with that helplessness .
one day you 're gon na be so proud of yourself that you came out of a hopeless situation and managed to survive .
so do n't be afraid and put your kids and yourself first.❤
if i remember correctly you were more into crushing ?
dodging responsibility seems to be schmidt 's motto for life and convicting criminals .
tom brady drew brees farve and rodgers peyton manning phillip rivers and donovan mcnabb friends .
there are two continents north america and south america .
your submission https www.reddit.com/r/bleach_hentai/comments/tvtzxk/yoruichi_taking_a_bath in r/bleach_hentai has been automatically removed because your account does n't have enough karma .
you need at least 300 karma accumulated from posts in order to post here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bleach_hentai if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
how do n't orban 's voters not realize that he is a foreign agent ?
yes please then i 'm sucking it all off and your balls
they sell mattresses at walmart for like 100 bucks .
all the advice i 've gotten is the same file now .
if i leave it to her she might never do it .
i was literally watching meet your second wife snl '' time stamp 4:14 and i looked over to my newly opened rc tweet post .
it 's like people do n't understand you can pay more on your principal to hedge price increases .
i have n't been to a stoon dance club since 2013 i think .
hii i hope you 're still looking for an artist to commission .
here are my rates and art styles u might be interested in
once was grinding there and got impaled by a rot knight to get dropped to the bottom where the two revenants double e honda slapped me 😂
russia has had quite the downslide from the world 's second-best military '' over the last month or two .
their threats are now taken even less seriously than the guy with the 1-inch micro-penis threatening to steal your girlfriend .
it was funny to see the mexican dude grab a guys dick during a tag team match
overall had a good time shit talking making fun of it in discord with some dudes
plsndont give a healer a strong dmg weapon it do n't make any sense .
idk man you started going after the streamer because you did n't like that they were trying to raid
infinite is not a sequel 90 of the story already happened when you start the game .
most of the time i was wondering wtf happened to my favorite characters..
what i got at the end is only the fate of cortana and i did n't like it .
i did n't really bother collecting all the audio files and that 's on me .
but i really ca n't go again to that nightmare of a world zeta halo is .
i have n't finished the last few 3-4 novels so i 'm hoping i would find some answers there .
eu was and is constantly talking about the us invasions .
russia is currently invading a neighbor country in europe and yesterday and today after the russian army has been pushed back a little countless murdered civilian bodies have been found .
americas flag has constantly been under attack too btw .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm so sorry although i absolutely do agree that depression and maybe even suicide is genetic .
when i was younger i did n't grasp although i was n't necessarily angry but now that i am the same age range as the people in my family when they passed i understand almost physically at this age if that makes sense .
anyways im just about your age so if you ever are up for chatting about this i am very fascinated by people like you that can just say it outloud and not feel the need to sugarcoat or walk it all backwards .
please do n't pretend you care about the stigma against periods .
please do n't pretend you know anything about me .
the reality is that women are frequently abused in exam rooms by doctors .
expecting women to write off doctors getting aroused while doing their intimate exams is how male doctors like larry nassar get away with abusing dozens of women over the course of decades .
having an erection is not the same as being aroused .
in combination with any other data weird comments etc .
it becomes a much more dangerous sign but on its own it is entirely benign .
op is entirely within her rights to change doctors for any reason at all but the insinuation that everyone who pops a boner at an unfortunate time is a sexual predator waiting to strike is infuriating .
if it is a stroke in a 60-year old you would probably want to screen for coagulability too if large vessel disease and cardiac etiology is not apparent .
severe atherosclerosis in this case would be unlikely but if present endarterectomy should be considered .
additionally what matters most to this patient would probably be rehabilitation .
in denmark therapists would also evaluate the patient at the stroke unit and recommend further regimen for rehabilitation .
i kinda wish aric had blocked the bottom just to see what harvick would do in 3-4
so asking for opinions lol yeah that 's farming alr i guess u do n't have anything better to do then hate
this is a sub for professional veterinary advice and as such we follow strict rules for participating .
please also check the faq https www.reddit.com/r/askvet/wiki/index to see whether your question is answered there .
this is an automated general reminder to please follow the sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/askvet/about/rules when discussing this question
do not comment with anecdotes about your own or others ' pets .
do not give op specific treatment instructions including instructions on meds and dosages .
do not give possible diagnoses that could explain the symptoms described by op .
your comment will be removed and you may be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askvet if you have any questions or concerns .
in case anyone wants to know what the song is here it is .
took me literally 1 second to uvote you please do the same please
hi it looks like you did not include the information we require in the side bar .
having this information is very important for us to be able to give accurate advice .
please copy the points below and edit your post to include the answers
links to any test results x-rays vet reports etc .
if your post already includes this information please disregard this message .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askvet if you have any questions or concerns .
my codpiece will have level 4 plates got ta protect the family jewels
my comment is because of people getting bent out of shape over what you created and forget something so much more important than trashing someone 's work .
fitting since hill likes to keep them on the tet 🥛
not only he is a great professional who always delivers but he is someone who respects his career inmensely and tries to make the best out if it .
just the fact that he speaks english and spanish so well is great
sad i have n't seen one and it 's ricardo by the way
14 thousand people this is for real a live performance 😮
sad thing is that two episodes in and we still do n't have a clear view of how screwed or not humanity is .
this is fucking stupid we should n't be concerned over what sexual orientation '' 5 to 9 year olds choose to have ... like wtf ?
i fully agree with this bill not that it was necessary in the first place as you do n't even get so much as sex ed until middle to high school ... and you can just be gay without protesting this horse is already beaten to a pulp stfu noone cares
ok but moving to an entirely new system just for guns seems a bit excessive when its a problem solved by ... not even really a little bit of homebrew really
i 'm afraid you 're not really familiar with what hiit is meant to train .
it 's more anaerobic capacity than it is endurance .
it will however bring up aerobic markers such as vo2 max sufficiently .
frankly it 's a sure sign you 're not actually doing hiit if you can do it for over 10min .
if you 're doing it for over 10min you 're either doing moderate intensity intervals or your rest periods are extremely long making it no longer a conditioning exercise .
like there 's nothing wrong with longer duration moderate intensity intervals either but they are a fundamentally different mode of training .
always winking at the girls in the school yard 😉
there was is some electronic music stuff above us and a the world ends with you logo to our left .
i 'd rather give them the opportunity to recover and i 'm not certain we can support such a large territory .
afghanistan has some of the worlds most beautiful landscapes and the people seem generally nice .
it 's the political scheme and violence that keeps most people away
if you 're good at math and accounting and mediocre at coding that 's a decent option .
xqc the fellas from miz 's house and charlie know her for sure dunno about the rest though .
it has to be dawn ultra do n't ask me why try soaking 1/3 cup of the soap in hot water for the day and then put it through your washers gentlest setting with no soap .
i 'm a quilter and that 's what we do when dye runs .
please try again after you have acquired more karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/adorable_girls if you have any questions or concerns .
we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm usually never replied to so i 've just gone to doing public matched
thinking about that prima guide for smash bros. brawl that ranked meta knight as a 6/10 character .
i know it was 100 written from a casual play perspective but it still gets a good chuckle out of me
r/onlyfansfashionistas is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansfashionistas if you have any questions or concerns .
i have used it on echeveria 's crassula 's kalanchoe 's string of pearls aeonium 's and haworthia 's all of my plants are thriving .
i do n't have problems with it so far .
they have the lowest crime rate in the entire world quite literally .
your odds of being robbed by japanese people as a foreigner is extremely low .
i 'm two months into the purchase and almost spent my annual maintenance budget .
at the same time i know replacements i 'm making are there to stay it 's not like paying rent for 5 years and having absolutely nothing afterwards .
also there is a limited number of fuckups so once you solved most you 'll be fine
we ended up getting a little food for a homeless man who is usually at the store .
in all honesty regardless of everything else it made me feel good about my kids and it gave my family a little to do as a group for a while .
it 's hard to get them off the games sometimes lol .
research bio labs and test on army personal in ukraine .
transfer on opensea is fairly cheap and you can set the gas low and let the transaction process overnight .
gem xyz let 's you buy multiple nfts at once so maybe you could set up private sales to your new wallet for .0001 or something and get them all at once .
there 's no withholding but the stipend is still income .
so you may wish to consider either increasing the withholding on your w-2 income to cover the tax on her stipend or making estimated tax payments .
seth vs roman at the rumble was electric and a wm quality match even with heel vs heel .
what i did was just make another playlist called watch later 2
i would add it to that playlist once the watch later playlist got full .
i 'm not sure you can transfer videos to another playlist but you can make another playlist
wrong do a post/pre comparison of the hawks w/lynch .
homie straight single handedly changed the persona of the franchise .
the d wanted to emulate his toughness the whole team fed off his physicality .
walter should be on the mountain but not at marshawn 's expense .
vince sitting at ringside makes me feel like he is going to take a bump
similar situation with my family i can count with one hand the amount of pictures of me on family posts .
i really appreciate family that respects decisions like these .
probably because i was first going to use a acronym fh as foothold but figured some might not understand fh so backspaced to f and wrote it out .
do n't think this is a question for you my friend .
and even if you pointed out their hypocrisy newsheimers is a bitch .
like when the cuomo watch twitter page took a quote directly from maxine waters her tell them they 're not welcome here '' rant that could have fit in perfectly if it was said at a klan rally and applied it to cuomo and the left lost their minds screeching about how calls to violence are unacceptable .
one of them was a congressman who was on the same committee as waters .
yes i do n't mean to demean it but the terms themselves do n't feel fitting .
meritage exists for other reasons so i think a specific name for burgundian-styles would exist as well .
meanwhile oregon is absolutely killing it with cool weather pn but still just calls it pn .
your point stands but i think it 's a interesting and random who 'd you rather .
buy the cas and store all the formulas and images of cheat sheets if you want .
i have a cash balance pension that i will roll into my 401k when i retire .
i consider it the same as a bond and have my 401k only at 20 bonds .
with the current value of my pension added to my overall assets it brings me to a 60/40 equity/bond split .
just like if they were covering the cash dividend .
just passed a car in the middle lane prior to this happening .
i was looking to get back in the middle but cars were actually slowing down
i 100 agree that if they fired alina then they should have immediately fired mike when his posts came to light .
the greatest days of their lives is when they wake up to a notification of someone getting killed .
i play with like 10 other people and we split it a total of 11 ways its cheap as hell .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/overwatch_porn if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm guessing an incel would have an issue with mismatched boobs .
if the people are showing up for work they 're not helping you be staffed ...
man on the far right must have been a porker .
oooh shellacking is a good one for the drinking game
american college of the building arts the place to learn to forge
tai babilonia basically politely ripped usfs a new one this afternoon on twitter over not doing a better job supporting us novices and juniors .
would medical staff work longer on a young person that was one of their own ?
would they work 2 hours on someone they never got a shock able rhythm on ?
according to the twitch leak he made 2.5m from 2019-2021 .
i 'm just casually vibing to mario x reeses puffs do n't ask hit refresh and see a meme .
there are antipsychotics that modern doctors now say are far more riskier to discontinue than to stay on .
they will monitor the mother and baby more throughout the pregnancy but they are normally either totally fine or the baby experiences temporary withdrawal upon birth .
considering psychotic women are a direct threat to their babies it 's a price doctors weigh .
and a lot of the caution for some was from lack of studies not proven bad effects .
psychiatrists also track and report any anomalies with their pregnant patients .
even things like lithium which can potentially cause heart defects in the first trimester are now recommended to be resumed later in the pregnancy after the structure of the heart is no longer forming .
but sometimes post partum psychosis happens in people who have never experienced anything like it before .
i had access to a very above average medical team that did checkins on the mother 's mental health ... i wish all this knowledge and care were accessible to everyone
great photos but you went a little too heavy on the editing ...
we have seen a lot of people who said they wanted to become the pk i just found it weird that we have seen no one else say they wanted to be the wss .
just figured it woulda been more fleshed out since we are in wano the land of samurai .
announcer hanami when he see 's fafnir spin stealing for the hundredth time
i do n't want to encourage anyone to try and normalize lockdown pandemic living .
have n't really heard anything about him since he joined the meese .
hope that 's not the case but ca n't say i 'd be surprised
they sanction us a lot of things not just palm oil though .
the 737 max is a perfectly safe airplane now .
actually it 's covered in real gold leaf from millions of worshippers over the last 100 years .
the rock used to be a tad bit small and different shape .
you can find the old photo of the rock on google .
you should buy a 5k reliable brand toyota honda come to mind immediately and set the other 5k aside for insurance brining maintenance up to date tint decent tires and any other potentially necessary repairs
it 's the combination of the two that 's doing some serious damage to our collective civic and moral standing in the world .
i do n't think this is a great entrance theme .
definity a great view and inspiring for the creative juices .
i do see them on r/all fairly often probably more than any other country 's sub .
learn more about using metamask with nft https metamask.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360058238591-nft-tokens-in-your-metamask-wallet .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/metamask if you have any questions or concerns .
i think he mentioned he 's far away from home or something he can make it up
i already started taking a lower dose because i had my suspicions the last few weeks after talking to a friend of a friend who is a peds cardiologist .
i am definitely asking for a referral to cardiology because of my holter results anyway but definitely stopping cymbalta .
it 's making me more anxious taking it now .
had bad reactions in the past to some ssri 's .
but that was immediately and not 3 weeks later like this .
plus side the beta blocker she put me on is an anti anxiety so maybe once i stop the cymbalta it will even itself out .
i found a study this morning that talks about antidepressants/anti anxiety meds making simple heart issues worse .
ie have a simple arrhythmia which is normal and then causing more severe symptoms that can be life threatening .
i have mid cruyff and if mbappe and they absolutely slap.. no need for potm in my opinion .
they already patched him lol plus tots is close enough .
would take the prime picks but i 'm also a degenerate gambler .
when something is dissolved in a liquid it ionizes .
if you look at the chemical structure you can normally tell if something is soluble in water as the chemical will be polar .
for example table salt sodium chloride is very ionizable in water .
the sodium and chloride separates into ions that are stabilized by the polarity of water molecules .
like dissolves like is something to consider when looking at solubility .
nonpolar solvents often solubilize nonpolar solutes and polar solvents solubilize polar solutes .
coke is a homogenous mixture that mostly consists of water and sugar .
sugar is a polar organic compound that dissolves easily in water .
milk is a heterogeneous mixture that consists of lipids and water .
lipids are long chains of hydrocarbons that are nonpolar thus not dissolving in water .
if milk is left to stand undisturbed for a long period of time you 'll notice the separation .
took me a while to identify what it was at first thank god for the internet and it 's knowledgeable people !
i 'll ask my friend if he is up to date on obs .
cause i already have this installed and did it months ago without issue .
i do know hes running lioranboard 2 cause he was sharing his screen with me as i was walking him through setting it up .
the game is n't specific about that but logically it would be based on coahuila and/or chihuahua .
like others have said here going full screen resolves this .
purely my guess but i 'm saying it 's slim to none and slim left town .
this man does n't even understand the difference between a sport coat and a suit jacket and he 's 52 .
he wears a a fucking suit jacket with jeans everywhere like he fucking did something
doodstraf is een van de duurste legale procedures in de verenigde staten .
there 's some tiny adventure time art by the mona lisa that has incorporated some little romanian flags .
it 's not much but it 's something at least .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post can not have first person pronouns i me my etc
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i highly doubt kenny will ever make it to wwe anyways if aew falls through i 'm convinced he 'd head back to japan .
i 've also seen court proceedings done over zoom .
when he would n't tell us who it was and just the way he kept insisting i knew something was up .
their just like north koreans ... .except they have money ... .and food ... and real jobs ... and freedom ... and they build/make really cool shit that i like to buy .
i do n't get why people keep listing 100 matches when all the showcases had around 12 to 20 matches .
having said that yes it should be taker and the year after it has to be hhh .
they 're arguably the best team in the east ! !
bc the air traffic control guy asked if there was a man with me and i still never guessed who the man was tbh
you definitely know how to start the week out right 😍
they did remake it into a series of narrow hallways surrounding the same openish room in the center .
it 's getting through the narrow hallways that is the problem they 're too easy to defend for the defenders to not just retreat into the underground and sit there for the rest of the match .
the aboveground zone of chapel may as well not exist since nobody bothers defending the top because why would they when the basement exists .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
dang i spend the whole day being a grumpy tired whiny mess if i do n't get my 8 hours of sleep i ca n't even imagine how you are functioning !
hijacks your team mates and drags them into the tower if unlucky and run into a skarner who knows what he is doing he stuns you and goes full speed on wiping your heathbar to zero .
yea yea she 's not the right person for you but wether or not she 's right for you is n't the issue ... it 's how women typically respond
do you normally play stupid after saying some dumb shit or are you really unaware of what the mayo clinic ?
jon is truly a force for positivity light and love .
daily reminder that everyday is a blessing because you just do n't know what will happen to you and here i am wasting time on reddit while wasting time at my boring job .
bet he has n't got the correct licence or insurance .
complain to the planning department of your local council .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nude_selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
thank you for an educated response but still keeping it eli5 for me .
99 confident the dealer does n't give a fuck .
they probably bought it at auction and it 's probably listed for less than what kbb says it should be worth .
you have no idea what abuse it has taken or what 's been removed redone or whatnot .
i guess the point is that it 's not arbitrary ?
it 's a fixed cycle that 's a lot longer than other fixed cycles like breathing
yea she knows that my brother is getting money but she feels bad for him i think because he isnt doing well financially and wants to make sure he has a place to stay if my mother passes and he is still messing around like he does now .
my brother thinks we should sell it and take the money .
but the economy is down and it just doesnt make sense to do so but he is just looking to come away with as much cash as he can ... add to that in this case it is doubtful that he would want to give me more of his already promised cash if the property did not equal up to the share of cash he already is getting..
but my aunt is just delusional because she hasnt seen my brother in years and thinks of him as an innocent little boy and thinks she will somehow convince him not to sell and we should share everything like a big happy family.. idk
let me amend this it was 450 for the music/cd only version of this boxed set .
the full boxed set with whatever else was included was more .
this was definitely something i considered especially with the skull why i tried to make it subtle .
i do n't have plans to sell anytime soon but this might be the most out there i go just in case .
i actually wonder how many femcels are actually just queer ppl in denial
i would say olympic tkd gets more of the hate wtf style of tkd .
i 've been doing itf tkd since i was a child .
mind you my base is from traditional karate but we always punched to the face and kicked to the face .
i 'm sure every dojo is different and my instructor just gave tkd a more modern feel to how it would be during this era .
join the official discord server https discord.com/invite/tngsxdwghb and remember money machine always go brrr ...
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shortsqueeze if you have any questions or concerns .
also you 'll find the people are really committed this ship mostly because rika is the only girl outside of homura in rebellion to come out as gay .
no subtext she literally says in game that she likes girls and that she has dated a girl in the past .
needless to say have her be close to ren who is shy and quiet which is exactly what rika is quoted in game to be her type and the shippers will go rabid .
but the thing is.. do you think they 'll re-evaluate your whole thing if your grade drops ?
im not talking about like a major drop from 90 to 60 but like 90 to 80 ?
it seems like they 're tryna reach too much this whole re-evaluation thing scares me the most tbh
se calhar foi isso que eu quis dizer não ?
o próprio conceição não tava a meio do contrato quando veio do nantes ?
é preciso ser um mau feitio do caralho para te aperceberes disto antes de acabar de escrever tudo e ainda assim carregar no enter para submeter o comentário .
begs the question what is the difference between tucker carlson and a bucket of shit ?
it 's probably happened to all of us and he does n't want a relationship only the sexual part and does n't want anything serious .
unless you wanted a relationship with him and he did n't i suggest you move on either way .
you can not change how someone is or how someone feels about you .
she said that they would be dating had you not been there so thats basically everything that needs to be said you should just cut your losses i dont see the situation with l improving
but 500gb should be plenty of space for games that ca n't be stored on a hard drive .
its my nephews😂 i had no idea what model it was till you said it .
as far as i know no one knows how to fix it
the doll head mask link had on is forever in my nightmares .
you really have no idea what nimbys are do you ?
also the cost of making fundamental change '' is extremely high .
if one liquidated jeff bezos 's entire fortune it could keep the us government meeting its spending obligations for a little under 10 days .
that 's impressive to be sure and it makes a strong argument for higher taxes on billionaires like him but it also shows the potential limits of individual altruism vs systemic political change .
the beheaded 's head '' is pink in all the animated trailers even as a guy and this is a drawing of the temporal outfit .
like i think coke would n't sell to us or something and pepsi would
that bar 's so low it 's just painted on the ground at this point
me oh no did you take an advil or something ?
controller on a console that he hasnt cleaned in 7 years
it works for me but it nearly the same as running a normal holster and belt combo .
capital of wyoming but with an 'a ' instead of the second 'e ' .
there is n't as much hate for sr since he was willing to admit he was a very flawed man .
how long was this tooken before the wipe just wondering .
honestly if you can get the gun out that smoothly during a crisis moment you will be called a god .
your post has been flagged as low-effort post and was deleted for violation of rule 11 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4rdfw if you have any questions or concerns .
your post has been removed because your previous one r/philadelphiar4r/comments/tsl15b/m4m_looking_for_another_straight_curious_jo_bud was made less than 7 days ago .
as per rule 5 r/philadelphiar4r/about/rules you are only allowed to make one post per week .
you 'll be eligible to post again in 1 day 20 hours .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/philadelphiar4r if you have any questions or concerns .
if you have dlss on try tuning it down or turning it off .
this is actually something different and presents a new front that mutants need to fight on in the age of krakoa .
i 'll concede the initial story was a little edgy and somehow on the nose but i 'm interested to see where it goes under a new writer .
the one with that one guy with long purple ?
hair who was a knight but decided to look out for his people in the lower quarter and decides to eventually befriend a bunch of people to go on a quest while forming a guild called and then eventually tries to stop this one being from big shocker world domination .
let them hire a lawyer they will lose counter sue for court costs and emotional trauma .
i 'm not saying kansas is going to win but to think a team wo n't have a run is naive
i 've had every indication in my life to be wary and cautious around men .
i 'm a very friendly and social person and people can definitely take that the wrong way .
i 've been assaulted harassed followed at work followed to my car etc .
i remember we got this new guy at work and he was super sweet .
he even offered to walk me to my car at night just bc .
turned out he was literally stalking my underage coworker and trying to get her to go to a bar with him .
he would follow her around when she was doing errands and shit .
i just do n't know who i can trust man ...
i really try to be as friendly as i can bc i hear how hard it can be for men but holy shit it can be scary as fuck .
idk help me out here i hate all of this
do y'all seriously not know about the restricted area lmao
i believe that should be the prioritized healing focus .
2 i think you should ask yourself what is making you feel that either of those things is a problem .
from personal experience i 've never come out of any type of closet .
i personally believe that a huge part of insecurity is mutuare and environment .
most people are open to the thoughts feelings and beliefs of those that affect their lives every day .
because most of humanity is very subjective by the time anyone is mentally developed enough that they begin to make their own decisions everything they 've learned from the world and their environment has been viewed subjectively and applied to their own being .
through growth this makes people question whether or not certain parts of them are appropriate within the concensus of what they 've been taught .
i always learned what i learned but never internalized it .
even as i child i did not feel for anything that was not directly affect my life or my well being .
therefore i never learned shame or hatred for any part of myself as a being .
i 've known that certain people would feel negatively about who i was but i never felt anything about it because i do n't think who i am is wrong and no one 's feeling can affect my life or my being .
so i never took the time or effort to hide any part of myself from myself or the world .
love who you are.never have shame in speaking the truth of your nature .
those that wish to understand will make it known to you .
those that wish dislike you will make it known .
so just remember that what they feel has nothing you do with you and it cant hurt you without consent .
if yours cant do that have no shame in knowing you should seek help elsewhere
no other album will ever be as good and majestic as made .
3ft bar and stand on the end then you 're past it as long as you weight more than 125 lbs
it would n't be a bad idea to take 3000 and spend it on precious metals .
yeah i started skating last year i am 41 .
blew out my quad last summer and just two weeks ago i strained my lower back so bad i couldnt sit down for a week .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/playboicarti/comments/ovw0zl/carti_jay_handshake 32 32
lol ummmmmmmmm lia thomas did pretty well in the women 's division .
that guy would have 100x more bitcoin if he bought instead of mining .
i do n't understand the argument of how it would be able to play legal games .
one president would not be able to replace 1/3rd of the court .
right now there 's a strategy of attempting to quickly bring or delay bringing cases based on the makeup of the court .
you 've seen it with things like some of the new abortion laws or florida 's do n't say gay '' laws .
they know those laws will be brought up to scotus so they waited until they believed the makeup of the court would allow them to stay .
mildly changing the makeup every 4 years still allows for that game play .
customer support was 1/2 but i eventually got a tracking number .
let 's say you buy a 3 bond for 100 .
its more than 100 because you can get a 2 bond for 100 .
my husband and i are still trying to figure out what makes me get off .
we have been together for 3 years and married for 1 .
he had multiple partners and he was my first .
so he knows what he likes ... while i 'm over here like cool you came again and me nothing .
but we are getting better at communicating about it .
not during sex unless it hurts haha but after i say oh when you did blank that felt really good but maybe next time if you did it fast that might help ?
i have had more o 's the last 6 months then in my life .
it is definitely worth it to talk even if it makes you feel a little uncomfortable .
remember out of anyone in this whole world you need to feel comfortable talking to your partner .
after reading multiple books in search of why i was n't orgasming ... i found out a huge tip .
men like to just get to sex that is there thing .
however for most women it 's not the act of sex that gets them off .
the teasing/seduction is what makes women get into a mind set that can lead to an o .
also telling him your frustrated with your body and want to get to feel the amazing feeling he feels as often as he gets too .
i still super love the dewalt gun designs they look like what a space mechanic would carry
he was in the restricted zone ... that 's why it was called a block
i did an enhanced one too not sure if it looks much like them now though 😅
last two years have been considered some of his greatest play .
also please note that using a glass dish in the oven that too high a heat may result in the pyrex/glass dish exploding .
i 'm not at the heartburn stage yet but i soon will be i 'm currently at the sensitive gum gingivitis stage and headache stage .
this is all new to me bc i did n't have this my last pregnancy and my whole mouth hurts .
pregnancy bring on the worst symptoms and it 's practically a spin at the wheel to see which symptoms you are going to get now .
it 's not always the same and not the same for each person .
even if it did lazarus pit is always an option
the 100 is awesome as a daily and really good off road .
the 80 is ok as a daily and incredible off road .
the ifs on the 100 makes it handle great on road but give it less flex and less opportunity to lift .
it is a little wider so more stable but tighter on trails .
the age is also a factor though not huge .
the 100 will be a little easier to find parts for and has better diagnostics .
it will probably be a little less expensive to keep on the road .
but if op is this casual about sharing other people 's medical information she needs to learn about hipaa before she truly tries to become a nurse .
your account is less than 30 days old and therefore there is a high likelihood that you 're either a troll or even worse a t-shirt bot .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kengan_ashura if you have any questions or concerns .
he 's using a wrong argument as mega '' in both cases has a different meaning .
one refers the absolute size while one is about a major increase .
he was literally stepping on the restricted line what are y'all on ?
crafted guns ca n't have the gold masterwork border 0/10 .
edit okay of course this is cheeky but for real the gun should get a gold border either when i put one of the 10 stat mod items on or when i put two enhanced perks on the gun .
the more you really dig into the genetics and all that the weirder it gets around crucians in ca .
uc davis 's website refutes this and most places base their data off that
corner 17 has always been super busy their food is outstanding .
look up tara a. devlin on amazon or on a podcast player .
she takes japanese urban legends and translates them into english .
her podcasts in the same vein are called kowabana and toshiden .
it really sounds like it is dumb people globally following the americans that are dumb .
it may be our dumb shitty politician but it isnt limited to our dumb shitty countrymen .
hopefully the flag and icons on roc vehicles will change to the correct one now that he 's gone .
the heir of house prince by elph13 on ao3 is one of my favoritesss this is harry/theo
evitative by vichan is also really good the series is okay but the first book is my favorite this is harry/draco
out of the night by raining ink this one is incomplete and left in a complete cliffhanger but i 've gone back to it so many times because it 's so good
i 've got the burley do it all ram rebel .
that stays home as we take the outback for govy 500 action .
do talismans like millicent 's prothesis affect the damage of waterfowl dance ?
its multiple hits but its also a skill so not sure if those talismans only apply to basic attacks .
click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=updatemebot subject=subscribe message=subscribeme 20u 2ffroig-builder 20r 2fhfy to subscribe to u/froig-builder and receive a message every time they post .
of course they tried to get me to stick around but it was one of those life changing opportunities i could n't pass up but more importantly the writing was on the wall .
a few years later and the company was but a shell of it 's former self ... and then dissolved altogether .
i do n't know how he thought he could get away with claiming it 's pronounced baner .
i fail to see the make more money '' part when they literally are n't making you buy anything .
if you never authorize a purchase you literally are n't losing anything .
i paint removable pieces separately but have n't bothered with things like sponson weapons on tanks .
in my experience the parts can/will stuck when priming .
you can propably just nudge the parts gently once the spray has dried .
my knights are in theory mostly posable but even after months years in some cases i occasionaly have to apply a bit of force with joints that have agrax-residue built into the seams .
i 'd like to see them do a batman movie where they never acknowledge that bruce wayne is batman .
you 've got a story about bruce at work being a philanthropist or whatever and then you 've got a story about batman fighting criminals .
i really do n't mean to be disrespectful in any way but i think you may for whatever reason not share or understand emotions as the majority of people .
it is not a person 's fault at all psychopathy or autism are examples .
you are only seeing the logical reasons why the birth of a child is just another bodily function not an important emotional event in many people 's lives that involves fear loss pain joy relief accomplishment and love .
without the capability to understand emotions or to empathize no one can really explain them to you it 's like trying to describe colour to a blind person .
why did the doj not release all the video evidence that was available ?
what about those pipe bombs stacked up in the video regarding those ?
what about donald trump asking if they needed security and they were refused .
i ca n't tell you why the fbi has n't found the person responsible for placing the pipe bombs at the rnc and dnc .
find me video evidence of cops being attacked like that what you were claiming .
the one cop who died died of a stroke .
and the fake news media kept lying about it for months .
what the media did to lie about officer sicknick was disgraceful but it does n't absolve the rioters of their heinous acts that day .
three other people died that day that you do n't even know about at the hands of the police .
people were standing around doing nothing violent when flash grenades were thrown at them .
two people were hit directly and went into cardiac arrest .
but nobody is talking about them because the news is fake .
rosanne boyland died of an amphetamine overdose before being trampled by the mob .
the only person killed at the hands of police was ashli babbitt when she refused to obey lawful orders from a police officer and put elected representatives in harm 's way .
do you have a basis for any of the stupid things you say ?
i am just wondering whether you include fox news which has a very adversarial relationship with the current administration in the fake state run american media '' .
well the new york post broke the hunter biden story and has covered the bucha massacre accurately .
i 'm the dude screaming to do one belt of iron and copper and half a belt for everything else .
anyone asking for help should n't be doing 4 wide belts in their main bus .
i think they keep seeing the pros do it so they got ta do it as well .
we pay 10k in taxes too and it 's on the low end .
we are starting to explore going out of state too .
i want my kids to be able to see their cousins .
but the difference in mortgage qualification is over 100k due to the taxes being 900/month here versus 900/year further south lol .
idk if it 's about money but its sooo much cheaper monthly where the taxes are cheap and it just seems like it would eliminate so much stress .
i think there is a community books and stuff rn i 'm reading the alchemist if u heard about it nad i have some other books too i will dm u the link of discord for movies and books if it 's ok ?
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
it is pre-birth up until the instant it is aborted because until then it was still on track to be born
this service would 've been great if it actually included more regions
ur close tommy wright iii almost ended up as the lead role of hustle flow and craig brewer knew him before he started film production he even had twiii 's music in his place and said you already have the perm to him when he was auditioning for the role as djay
why do you expect her to be monogamous after one 1 date ?
did you actually randomly promise your neighbor you were going to s his d tho
though you can not be efficient before being silly first most of the time .
yeah that would be great the leaf stone please !
yeah with the ares series and redeemer they are gon na need to come up with some new tricks .
i 'm excited to see what they 'll come up with .
on the sub transtryouts it is possible to try out names and pronouns .
and here https www.reddit.com/r/asktransgender/comments/q0pvfp/i_am_confused_help/hgls4k4 might be a number of resources that could help go towards what you feel you would like step by step there are hints there concerning small things that could be used regularly for motivation there are explaining resources there and there are also hints there concerning looking for support .
and it 's still alright by nathaniel rateliff 3 take care
this is for a homework assignment so i want to use most of my own code
you remind me of sam riley as ian curtis .
bro made an anon account cause he knew he was gon na get flamed
i might have i need them tho for medical reasons ofcourse
my shitty little house is nowhere near a waterfront and costs more than that .
and they just put more restrictions in florida on medical marijuana patients .
as a fellow post 13er can you quickly sum up the difference in our contracts ?
is it cola differences flat hourly rate rate to max pay etc ?
feel like it would be my mom or my grandma but i would like to know who loves me more than who hates me .
verification with us is mandatory if you wish to post your own content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/booty_queens if you have any questions or concerns .
your post was removed because we require a minimum account-age and karma that you do not meet .
in an effort to prevent spammers/bots from circumventing this filter the minimums are not disclosed .
messaging mods for the minimums will result in a 30-day ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/booty_queens if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah the one thing is some companies are dying .
the long timers and retirees are saying starting now is n't worth it .
sure there 's benefits to my particular work place and when i jump ship i do n't aim to burn bridges because they took good care of me .
but at the same time taking a better internal position is n't an immediate raise .
it 's a raise in a year or two and another year or two .
if i move to a state with lower minimum wage it could work but around here ... nope !
most of the good people have dipped which makes me sometimes wonder why i 'm still here .
i guess i 'm just not one of the good people .
honestly i just want a new place with vacation time or pays well enough and allows unpaid time off that i will be able to save for .
i wo n't be surprised if when i 'm older i return to be part time with benefits which is incredible but i do n't know what the future holds or where i 'll end up .
he quit on the team and after the marquette game the players said they had n't talked to him .
bacot is a warrior and earned his place with the past tarheel greats .
love was fighting a sprained ankle manek a concussion and the ankle at the end .
someone at the ncaa needs to be out of a job for that poor excuse for a court .
in all three games players stepped out on the sidelines due to the design .
end of the day they got outplayed in the second half by a better team .
they are n't a shooting team and shot them selves out of the game .
they played their hearts out and gave us a memorable season .
i feel like the bff must know something bad he did because not moving to the back seat is the dumbest pettiest thing i 've ever heard .
rule of thumb is whoever is there first gets to stay there .
also he does n't like her abusive ex but is abusive and controlling himself ...
hey u/redheadrapeslut unfortunately your account does n't reach our minimum requirements for posting to our subreddit .
messaging mods and asking the minimums will result in a 30-day ban/we dont reveal this info
grow your account posting elsewere on reddit and come back in a few days .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/legalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
they consented to one minor getting married as the law allows .
we strongly recommend you join our official discord server !
http discord.gg/apqatng we have a list of best-prebuilt computers for your own budget !
as well as the ability to submit a ticket for your specific needs and questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/suggestapc if you have any questions or concerns .
hate how the little sliver of hope stuck around after all the negatives until af finally showed up 4 days late .
i came to conclusion that pudge is n't that bad pos 4 when i 'm pos 3 .
it 's a constant threat of hooking support or non mobile carry even if he does n't hook .
and it 's easy to kill when hook hit its target
during sow launch i got supper unlucky and a level 20 machine became a legendary level 40 that murdered the overlord and became one himself xd
in theory the idea behind an internal investigation is that police value upholding the law and their civic duty .
with that presumption it 's unthinkable that anyone would choose to ignore evidence and participate in a cover-up or downplaying of any sort of abuse or power or similar because it would be both illegal and violation of that duty .
whoever sold that theory was the best conman in the world and whoever bought it was the world 's biggest fucking idiot .
you are really brave for taking a chance and trying to reason with your mom .
i am sorry her indocrination is so strong that she is willing to shun you if it comes to that .
still congratz for being able to fight for the life you want .
it is a big deal and takes a lot of courage to do so .
in what world is that third word from a cow ?
thank you i was n't sure if i was being silly by keeping them in the grow pots
jesus if id get a cake for every one of these questions id be a millionaire in a month
someone has to go through first and clean up all of the random pixels so it 's finished .
you 're not alone my basic logitech mouse recently began randomly forgetting its keybinds .
i started opening options to 'remind ' the mouse of them but after a while even leaving options open constantly stopped keeping them in place .
i 'll never forget when my 87 ranger 's starter went and i asked my dad to pick me up a new one and let me borrow his wrenches and we changed it in the parking lot with 1 wrench in 10 minutes and i was on my way home again .
i mean there are many anti-poverty measures that do n't hurt small business eitc child tax credit increased funding to education etc .
cost-benefit analysis is fundamental to economics and i pointed out one of the costs of minimum wages
i still sleep with my teddy bear barely bear every night .
i often find myself subconsciously reaching for him when i have nightmares and i always feel better after i have him in my arms .
i never want to change my face because it 's my family 's face .
my dad 's nose and my mom 's freckles .
that 's how i think about it i hope that helps .
also look at r/botchedsurgeries if you want something to freak you out and make you never want to change your face .
wait you actually believe the numbers from the chinese government ?
i mean he could 've just waited and got his own dna test done when the baby was born .
for a second i thought i killed u cus i killed someone frozen in the exact same spot today
you misunderstood they could make unethical/illegal choices and apply them to palestinians and no one would bat an eye .
that 's not how a legal system should work .
and if palestinians retaliate they have their proof '' to go even harder on them .
honestly pretending the genocide of these people is n't going on for decades is silly mate .
high court does n't give a shit about these people it 's exactly working as intended for the israeli people .
posted 7hrs ago and yet no response to your info request ?
that 's not dodging it though ... that 's spacing it and then dodging .
if you have a greatsword she can initiate the attack before you 'll exit your recovery animation from hitting her meaning you can not get out of range in time .
re bloodhound the only way you can know to use this is if you 've found the ash or look online .
if you play blind which i think is the best way to experience these games then you wo n't know what you 're missing .
users must comment on this post prior engaging in a trade or sale .
u/darkside227 you must confirm that your potential b/s/t partner has commented on your post prior to the finalizing the transaction .
do not deal with anyone who will not comment on your post .
if you 're buying make sure to get proof from the seller that they have the card in hand .
this means having them send you a timestamped photo with their username on it .
asking for friends and family/venmo/cash app payment is a bannable offense .
if someone requests payment through friends and family please report it .
how to leave feedback and increase your flair https www.reddit.com/r/ygomarketplace/comments/hr7147/new_feedback_bot_online_please_read
users swap reputation can be found in the user flair .
if you 're unable to see it or want more detailed information click send on this message .
if you believe you have been scammed please fill out this form https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=r/ygomarketplace subject=i 20think 20i 20have 20been 20scammed message 20username 20of 20the 20person 20scamming 20me 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20the 20thread 20where 20the 20transaction 20originated 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20screenshots 20uploaded 20to 20imgur 20of 20my 20conversations 20with 20the 20scammer 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20an 20explanation 20of 20the 20situation 20 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ygomarketplace if you have any questions or concerns .
louisiana was n't any better when i lived there .
there 's a simple fact that capitalism being used on essential items like power water and the like is actually one of the worst economic and societal ideas a country can do .
in every instance it 's a recipe for disaster corruption and extreme abuse .
there has not been a single instance of a capitalist implementation of an essential service that was good .
that 's a possibility i wo n't deny that at all .
the restaurants in fairness is kinda a silly rule people walk in with masks sit down and immediately take them off the duration of their visit .
it seems to also vary by the types of customers .
i 'm not doing to draw lines in the sand but i will say where i work is like 60/40 for masks 60 wearing 40 not .
my local walmart is like 20 wearing masks 80 not .
if the point of art is to elicit an emotional response it 's a classic way to do so .
5.56 5.45 and 7.62 x39 x51 and x54r wo n't go through modern plates either .
he might be using it because it 's small and compact or maybe it 's the best that was available to him .
although given the rest of his gear he probably has access to whatever he wants .
who could blame him if that 's the case .
2 quit this gig but not until the very last day before you start newer gig .
send an email saying you found a better fit and that your laptop is back in the mail .
it 's honestly a bigger insult at this point if you make a stink about it
would you be ok if i ate you out it 'll i come then after then i can suck on them ?
please return the favor on some recent posts of mine !
if i have everything plugged in except the charger the noise is still there .
once i disconnect all monitors and the charger the noise goes away and the sound is extremely clean i love these speakers it 's really sad that i ca n't enjoy them .
it seems that any device that connects to ac and to the laptop adds noise that 's why i think it 's my house 's wiring which sadly i can not fix without spending a lot of money .
tried all those combinations connecting the 3.5 to the laptop and then tried again connecting it to the dac same results .
they run great in my tula plums not sure how they would run in 84s but worth a try pod arms has some followers still available on the website .
yeah i know sadly i do n't have access to that system anymore tho .
yeah no shit i just thinks it 's a goofy way to get that message across .
sorry your text submission https www.reddit.com/r/apexlegends/comments/twhupf/i_would_like_to_rank_up_anyone_that_would_like_to in r/apexlegends was removed because the post was not long enough to encourage a meaningful discussion .
please note this action was performed automatically and adding characters in an attempt to circumvent this filter will result in an automatic ban from r/apexlegends .
please do not send us modmail asking to manually approve a post .
if you were attempting to post a video or image on it 's own make sure you are specifically submitting a video image or link post and not a text post with an embedded image/video .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/apexlegends if you have any questions or concerns .
back in black highway to hell razor 's edge power up and iron man 2 original motion picture soundtrack .
i would n't just buy the max as a replacement .
but i 'd buy a max over the 2 if i was starting without one .
first powerplay i 've seen get really set up against our pk in a long time .
i have already read understood both the male and female guidelines and will do my best to apply them for facial evaluation .
i do n't care alaric jeremy hayley hope lexi elijah jenna
enzo i either do n't care or i like depends idk !
it was the most fun i 've ever had on reddit .
i 'm more and more liking the idea of unlimited adjustability thing .
i 've just started switching from a neo mag to iwb mag carriers having that flexibility would be nice
100 and i only had one nursing at a time .
as if the name_name users was n't a big enough tell .
well that 's what happens when try to control traffic from the left lane by going slow .
this got cooler and cooler as the video went on ! !
to play devils advocate i noticed the uptick in sniffles recently and not sure if it 's a hormonal thing .
lol i cry very easily depending on the time of the month and right after giving birth .
three jobs ago i went 186 days straight on overnights .
i 'll stand on the corner and serve fiends first .
at least that way i can be my own boss .
if you do delete it we 'll consider it an attempt to avoid our rules and you will not be able to appeal your ban .
once you have verified successfully your posting privileges will be restored .
a short time ago you were asked by a moderator to verify .
until you verify you will not be able to participate in r/realgirls .
once you have verified successfully your posting privileges will be restored .
you can read up on how to verify on this page https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/wiki/verification .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/realgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
dude your view of the world where people are spending real money to buy fake weights to get 10 upvotes on reddit is weird .
i 'm going to never challenge for the world title as a self-imposed stipulation and then refuse to turn heel despite being a bad babyface because of his staleness and lack of awareness .
gim me world title for dusty my daughter and myself .
it 's hilarious because he was doing interviews yesterday and someone asked him about aew and he said he was going to get tired if he just became a 15 time tnt champion and it 's like dog ... cody was the one who did that .
tony khan repeatedly said that he did n't recognize the stipulation lmao .
anyways that was your standard lengthy cody promo that we 've gotten over the past few years in aew .
still very weird to see him and hear kingdom in wwe but cool for the big cody fans that are into him and for the wwe fans that like him .
i think your idea is better than the one we seen .
the finding of another 2 hackers so fast had my eye rolling .
like dude what are everybody doing when the husband partial shut down the hospital .
they just want to use nolan 's convincing to ask the husband revert back instead of actual do something else .
it 's a bit relieving to hear no one 's alone in this and we 're all are aiming to do healthier more productive things huh ?
i 've seen the first few seasons several times but can never seem to continue .
r/onlyfans101inked is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101inked if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
sorry we do not allow posts from accounts less than 5 days old .
new patients might find answers on your wiki here https www.reddit.com/r/flmedicaltrees/wiki/index
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/flmedicaltrees if you have any questions or concerns .
everybody has their own ways of what make themselves happy bro .
keep in mind that you are invincible while dodging except for purple projectiles and barriers so get used to dodging through projectiles while still shooting .
this will help you go a long way to learn to keep playing without taking a hit which causes your adrenaline to reset .
grailed or stockx for the real stuff the entergalactic hoodie is fire and a good one if you wan na be ahead on getting the entergalactic merch when it comes out
there was even a sketch of mp made by a witness who saw him at the trails .
law enforcement have sat down with hundreds of people who they even just a little bit considered a poi but after 2018 they stopped giving any additional details about the case because of the way social media started doing side by sides
i really like the botkier may have to pick that up
now he is certain we can not work on it and is planning to leave me .
too many people make the mistake of giving cheaters a second chance .
is there any advice on how to handle the situation and possible be able to work it out ?
if he was an idiot with zero self-respect then sure .
but unfortunately for you that does n't seem to be the case .
those 8 years have to be stronger than this .
i really hope for your sake that you 're a troll otherwise you are stupidly hopelessly dangerously self-absorbed .
if those eight years of your life ever held any worth then you never would have cheated in the first place .
your ex can clearly see your relationship for what it was for what you made it by cheating worthless .
those old burger king gold plated ones that came in the pokeball ?
edit shit no that really looks like a pokémon card o
well according to the op she is white and her fiancé is n't .
i was min 16 in europe got the email to complete the order today at 18:42 local time .
256 gb model now just hoping for it to arrive soon .
oh i got a horse cock for you to take 😉
but this is pretty much the best i could give her .
i 'm a woman lawyer and i also make way too much money .
i 'm dating someone now but when i was single i really struggled with this issue but for a totally different reason .
many many men are extremely uncomfortable dating a woman who makes more money than them .
i never once met a guy who i thought was going out with me for my money but i went out with tons who were clearly uncomfortable with my job//salary .
definitely vet the men you plan to meet for the things that are important to you education employment humor etc. i had success with having a 15 minute phone call before to chat and set up the first date .
not sure where you are i 'm in a major us city .
maybe the culture is different where you are ? but if your dating experience is anything like mine some men may actively avoid you because of your lucrative career .
in any case i think lying about it is a bad idea .
just say you are an anesthesiologist and do n't talk about your salary .
if this applies try to show through interests favorite restaurants whatever that you are not the kind of person who needs expensive things all the time .
i always found that took the edge off a bit .
girl you can keep your clothes on and get me hard .
you taking your clothes off might just break my cock 😭😭
i slept in today until some asshole in my building started drilling around 8:30 .
mfs really talking about genocide when their own men killed them selves with radioactive dirt
i 'm sure your father is proud his son has putins dick deep down his throat .
what i want to know is why people are n't talking about boner 🤔
only the exynos 990 was the last worse chip by samsung .
2100 got a lot of unwanted hate and same goes for 2200 .
gah you lovely ladies look like such a fun time ! !
i 've made peace with not making peace with how our god was silenced .
once a humble longsword of a well-meaning town guard archnemesis was imbued with a vengeful miasma when its wielder was resurrected as a revenant .
after the revenant utilized the blade on every raider that had ambushed his town his soul was unshackled and ascended to the upper planes leaving the weapon behind hungry to inflict more retribution .
until attuned archnemesis appears as a simple steel longsword with a well-used leather-wrapped hilt .
when attuned it functions as a 2 weapon and any tarnishing upon the sword disappears .
as a bonus action the wielder can point the blade at an enemy marking them as the target of their vengeance .
at the end of the marked target 's turns the wielder can use their reaction to make an attack with archnemesis .
if the target does not die within a minute of being marked the mark disappears and the wielder takes 30 psychic damage as their rage is turned inwards .
i wish it was normal to wear them when not feeling well .
and we all know that the people who are likely to wear their bright red face mask in pak n save certainly are n't doing it be side they care about others .
one thing i find kind of surprising is how unpopular radagon seems to be .
like almost no fan art or anyone who really talks about him .
i wonder why some characters take off in popularity but not others .
i thought about wanting more kiss/curse stuff because i think those were the best affixes most of them but i also would like to have some focus on either bosses or trash to switch the dungeons a bit .
for example let 's say we have several buff/debuff affixes or kiss/curse and instead of based stuff the affixes change a little bit in fort/tyr week .
imagine a buff affix where you get a 10 times stacking fixed amount of the highest secondary stat and on tyr week you would also get the second highest in addition when fighting bosses .
but his scaling is really good and he is a champion that can carry games later on by himself .
although as you mentioned he ist really fun to play .
her early is okay and you can also do quite a bit with charm and junger on her lane .
vex is also pretty fun to play and her state rn is pretty okay .
if you want to go more supportive you can go karma .
in january 2005 two parents were shot dead in tal afar iraq as they were driving from a hospital .
f.a.q https www.reddit.com/r/wikisummarizer/wiki/index wiki_f.a.q opt out https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=wikisummarizerbot message=optout subject=optout opt out of subreddit https np.reddit.com/r/war/about/banned github https github.com/sujal-7/wikisummarizerbot downvote to remove v1.5
then i am the perfect man for you baby i adore eating pussy .
it 's not dangerous at all i ride them like that every day .
i am assuming this is n't something that actually happened but man was this an absolute joy to read !
i see nothing wrong here perhaps something is wrong with your screen ?
i wish that was me i need to get my boypussy raped
much more natural flow in the linework giving it more life .
but also that japan was taken over by aliens and that japan is now in a spaceship .
also that you are spaceship japan 's teenaged prime minister and that you alone can beat the aliens with your gundam .
that is the premise in a nutshell and wowow it is bonkers and fun !
liberation maiden was created by level 5 not atlus .
there was a marked improvement but it was n't long lasting enough so we took her off the trazadone and added in fluoxetine .
the 2 months it took for that to fully kick in was hard but 100 worth it .
the gabapentin gives us almost immediate relief while the fluox helps her stay calmer once it 's worn off .
it took about a year to find the perfect meds and dose for her but we were seeing improvement the same day we started the gabapentin/trazadone combo .
in the end i actually decided to keep her gabapentin dosage lower as she hates taking her pills .
this lets me keep it to once a day and we 're both happier for it .
i truly think that the time we invested into trying medication was the single best thing i 've ever done for her reactivity .
she 's still not perfect but she 's now able to be a dog .
for some reason i misread this as copulation is speculative '' and honestly thought this was the best asexual meme ever .
it 's painful but worth it for the laughs .
do you know if that will that work if they 're in two separate semesters ?
thats why amongus is the only suitable way of verifying bot activity .
the allegedly surrendered unit is the 503rd naval infantry battalion .
it 's real but the rest of the marines are holding on together with azov .
did your issue begin with the march update too ?
i 'll tell you what someone told me when i was in a similar position .
could you possibly talk your way into an ae position at a startup ?
but if you do you 'll be expected to perform from day one and if you do n't you might find yourself out of a job in a couple months and in the same boat you 're in now or worse with no job .
better to humble yourself start as a bdr learn the ropes in an environment where failure and fucking up is more acceptable then become an ae when you 're ready .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/alasjuicy if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's been one of my favorite albums this year i loved heathens !
bedre at det står slik det gjør nå uansett .
voksne mennesker som insisterer med den største selvfølgelighet på at de må kutte/skjære/bite i friske guttebarn de burde roe ned tiltro til egen tro .
men blind tro blir jo sett på som en dyd i seg selv så der har du den .
barn trenger ikke religion de trenger voksne som kan lære de refleksjon og kritisk tenkning .
i agree that removing those 2 were the smart business choice .
but i really miss the days when samsung made their top-end the no compromise '' phone .
and now they 're not yet they charge way more than they ever did even taking covid inflation into account just because they know they can .
we 're on the street in max a year .
how many years without income do you think should be granted to be happy ?
there 's a huge difference if they attempt to persecute leni after the elections .
but i 'd like to see them try to come up with receipts first .
every thing you 're saying makes sense in theory but without any records it 's hard to say if what you 're describing is what actually happened or if there is some other reasonable explanation for what you 're seeing .
you may have good reason to be upset but crowns are not a death sentence for a tooth so odds are you 're going to be ok .
ds1 would need a complete overhaul to be any challenge any more no one is dying to bosses with 4 moves after elden ring
although payed exists the reason why autocorrection did n't help you it is only correct in
nautical context when it means to paint a surface or to cover with something like tar or resin in order to make it waterproof or corrosion-resistant .
payed out when letting strings cables or ropes out by slacking them .
unfortunately i was unable to find nautical or rope-related words in your comment .
it 's a ludicrous piece of legislation that allows for the most bizarre interpretations .
toriel ca n't kill you well they can but you have to try very hard to get killed by her and only wants to stop you leaving the ruins .
you have a chip on your shoulder clearly and this seems an easy way for you to pretend everyone else has it easier than you .
i worked full time while studying part time after coming from a poor family .
the only things that would 've been in my way are the type of excuses you 're throwing out .
the government pays for college if you ca n't btw .
say what you want about ireland but when it comes to education if you want it you 'll get it .
do n't accept the laughing gas its the laughing gas that makes you delirious and out of it .
i told them no when i got mine removed and i was fine i was just tired tbh it will be slightly more of a hassle to recover from however it will still be relatively painless
usually what 's the average utilities and the condo dues if ever
that 's out the ways a lil too much but i got some ppl who do contract work up north if u know what i mean ... 😆
i did n't say i came here to strengthen my testimony necessarily .
i came here to learn how i can be a better person .
a lot of people here are very angry though .
but i do n't think anyone here is lazy stupid wrong etc .
i think a lot of people here are hurt .
people in this sub already commented saying their friends have bought it for them so i guess people will buy anything
this is my new mantra ... it applies to my running career so well
your work is just awesome and i 'm always glad to see you sharing it here .
did it give you any new insight or changes in consciousness ?
it was our morning ritual to wipe all the spiders off eachother when we got to class each day .
looked like schneids punched a hole in his forehead .
your post has been removed due to missing the want '' section in your title .
your post must include an open bracket followed by the letter w and a closing bracket used to indicate what you want .
please fix your title and resubmit your post asap .
if you think the text is right please ensure you used the right brackets .
example wts usa-ny h marantz sr7400 receiver w paypal local cash 150
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/avexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
we said loaded 44 '' and there ai n't no teacher anymore .
az 1938-as eucharisztikus világkongresszus miatt szántották fel https www.ilyenisvoltbudapest.hu/media/zoo/images/1938-hosok-tere_d9c7f20b4c82b9eada11a6b4193d3958.jpg a zöldet és rakták le a díszburkolatot .
my first thought would be to jump off the building to see the body of the guy down there lol
legit we all get a free tp there in the story
who herr knew what the german said before they scrolled down and saw the translation ?
see if yahoo threw a backhanded compliment/snarky insult at a player you were excited about
he literally said the problem im too nice too sweet too weird ! ! ! 1 ! ! '' ...
all issues he has ... ... then goes on to blame women ? !
you should do everything in your power for your daughters well being also in most states and countries kids can choose were to go after 12 .
let 's say the judge asks her shewill say she wants to stay with your wife.put your douchy ego on the side and be a good father .
i 've always found that white condescending for some reason
i do n't think people realize how insane it is that um1 could have still won against the 1st 2nd and arguably 3rd strongest hashira with their marks and genya
you can have all the addresses in one column and all your text to displays in another and use the formula .
you could also hard code link '' in the formula
the consensus is that around 90 of earths destruction has been caused by humanity considering pollution caused by things like factories and whatnot deforestation and other shit .
you 're too blind to see that humans are a virus to this planet because you probably are brainwashed by your religious bullshit
melissa is even competitive with her own daughter she is so damn exhausting
she wants to go to the bars for her claws and control the babies on the monitor ... home alone .
color and that car customization only came with the whole new update .
us pc users do n't have the weaponized vers .
like the word play and pun was there but the execution makes no sense .
i see you are a fan of the blue vs red/red vs blue teams .
since you believe all members of a political entity and all the voters half of a nation can and do agree on one thing .
on both sides that many people cant agree on one thing .
but like thats just my opinion so you know fuck me and my thoughts anyway
it sounds like you probably own more in equities than your risk tolerance allows .
if that 's the case it 's probably smart to sell just a bit of them and keep it in cash or bonds .
if you 're still nervous sell a bit more .
your finance guy is n't wrong mathematically but there 's more than math to personal finance .
it needs to pass the stomach acid test too .
would advise the inmate to kite medical and request to be seen
please be advised to add watermark to your media and post verification if you 're unverified for the security of your post .
post or comment that use hateful abusive and/or disrespectful language
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/phcasualhookups if you have any questions or concerns .
its a good payment made shrimp scampi for dinner tonight and would recommend .
there is no skill based match making in pubg .
so you are playing the people who are still playing the game after free 2 play excitement has worn out .
the time in game for most long term players is 5-7k hours .
that 's a crazy gap for newer players or low skilled players .
i 'm an infj and i 'm absolutely chaotic neutral .
thats why too many niggas is dying these days no kizzy .
to many females calling they peoples to shoot someone .
i prefer cycling running on concrete is n't even good in the first place add that i was around 110kg lockdown weight at the time bottom-heavy and flat-footed .
i 'm active and enjoy endurance training but my body goes against me when doing it with intense knee pains and shin splints after 5km/30min even with the correct running form and shoes .
it 's a good way of shocking your body into activity but i can do that without all those pains cycling whilst enjoying my journey .
in the uk building insurance and contents insurance are separate been having to deal with this over the past few weeks .
that said if they own the home they almost certainly have both .
every insurer you call and i have called a lot over the past few weeks will tell you you need both unless the contents of the home are basically worth nothing which in my current situation they are but it 's an extreme exception dealing with an estate where we have to get rid of everything anyway .
if the lakers merely swept the bottom 6 teams then they 'd have 37 wins and be a lock for the play-in .
given the injuries and missed games and horrific fit of westbrook that 's a bad place to be but not the disaster we are in now .
what is actually nice about our team though is that we will endure this humiliation like we did in 2013 .
but we will get out of it quickly and we will be bought in again probably as soon as october .
i 'd honestly rather go through the roller coaster then root for a team like the jazz .
that mediocre basketball hell is so annoying and worthless to watch .
if you are gon na be accessible to the crowd you 're gon na wan na be ready for request .
if not just be ready for the owner/promoters to tell you to switch it up .
in terms of getting ready find some time to get into rekoordbox and set your cue points and your waveforms and whatever else .
you could also buy mixedinkey and it could help you a bit too .
if anything get to the venue an hour or so early to soundcheck as well as sort out any other songs or stuff you might need .
you got your foot in the door so just relax and be yourself .
she nailed all of those except for breathing i have a tendency to hold my breath for around 90 seconds between each exhale .
i had a 97 model definitely one of my favorites .
i have an extra weekend 2 car camping pass !
it 's one thing if it 's your employee you hire but it 's absolutely fine to make friends with your coworkers
my very best friend is someone i used to work with .
in fact all my close friends were made at work
crypto pump to keep up with everyone getting sky high on april 20th ?
the city 's economy is doing well and it 's a very livable city .
canes do realize they are n't on the pk the entire period ... .
if thats the case when do you want your tires rotated
the quality of looks the heat are getting themselves is so much higher than the hornets .
their system is working better and it 's gon na get rough for us because so far it 's luck and a couple of calls by the refs keeping us in
meditate then go workout eat some protein listen to pumped up music meditate again .
working out will get testosterone going meditation will get you in a great state of mind and music will put you in a good/badass mood .
he knows the only time he might get seen is when the rangers are in town
the president does n't control the economy especially not when all he does is golf ... .
i looked up your source and i used wiktionary because i always use it .
if you want to use a common print dictionary i 'm sure you 'll find the same thing .
also to be clear i said the word discrimination is n't inherently negative not that it does n't also have negative meanings .
in the context of insurance and specifically the comment that started this discrimination does n't inherently mean the negative sense .
that 's the spirit in which i read the original comment .
thank you for your submission but keep in mind that from now on all posts must be approved by mods in order to become visible to everyone .
also make sure you have understood the rules clearly to avoid having your post removed or getting yourself suspended .
do n't forget to join our discord server too https discord.gg/akmfv4kkfq .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/2asia4u if you have any questions or concerns .
such an incredible talent died so young with so little recorded material it 's such a shame .
i found out a few years back that my mother in law actually went to high school with randy .
she remembered him and his brother but had no idea he had become a famous guitarist or that he had tragically died at 25 .
so you 're saying there should be no counter to an insta-mori ?
that add-on series is straight up busted and needed to get nerfed when the mori offerings got nerfed .
i always imagined my death in fixture room would be the result of a shelf fall on my head not being murdered by a headless toddler mannequin .
i 'm not sure who olivia rodrigo is but she just gave you niece the best birthday present ever .
i really appreciate the character arcs that do n't crash and burn .
! bubbles had so many false starts that his final sobriety and self-acceptance feels really earned ... and a much better story than if he had simply od 'd .
prez 's life collapses in an early season but he really finds his calling as a teacher and by the final episodes you can see he 's really commanding the students ' respect .
even mcnulty though his career is tanked finds a measure of stability with beadie russel .
this dude 's songs are super boring and uncreative .
he is the one of those damn rappers kids nowadays listen to for some reason '' white boomers talk about .
nothing special nothing new nothing out of ordinary nothing original an ai generated rapper .
was it a sin for the samaritan to administer to the needs of the jew he encountered along the way ?
jesus told us that this kind of behavior is the way to eternal life .
i had two full on crashes in episode i alone so god knows what the rest of the game will be like .
happens when you 're stressed at work or if you 're lagging behind at work or other things which you planned .
technically it will hold but i would worry about how straight they matched those pieces up .
petition to dox dream stans and then send a fucking airstrike
your husband can also just hand pick a candidate without an interview rules of hiring are n't the same .
who tf in the us would ever need to specify that ?
a car from 2008 has a gasoline engine ? !
thank god they clarified cause i would n't have had any idea .
i can look at the length of this email and see it 's fake but the first detail they give is already nonsense and tells you it 's written by some scammer who does n't talk like regular people talk .
mint condition vehicle in one of the hottest used vehicles markets ready to dump it for 1000 ?
along with what op said even if your not liable for talking to a minor sexually if you do n't know their age which isnt always the case depending on state law you should always ask someones age before saying anything sexual .
and frankly since he didnt care to ask in the first place nor apologize after he knew id say its safe to assumption he would of said it even if he knew her age before hand .
it would actually be the absolute opposite and make that person be made into a prime example on what happens when you kill a commie in 2022 .
i moved from upstate ny to bradenton in 2019 .
the houses i was looking at that were 150,000 are now selling for 350,000 or more .
i have two full grown ones fly and the other is ride
just wanted to say thank you to everyone who 's commented so far .
it means a lot to have input and good suggestions .
i get individual ones an ziploc each one keeps it tidy then store them in a cabinet of sorts for easy access
you cant find anything because they have n't said anything about it yet .
unless they 're total idiots this is sony remember so not as unlikely as you 'd think there will surely be an upgrade option just as there is for any subscription model of any kind .
30k albedo is doable but that is like the cream of the crop .
as long as yelan can deal more than 5k per sword which is xingqiu number and she is calculated to deal 10-20 more damage than him by herself she should be able to surpass that as her sword proc is every second .
the edge albedo has over yelan is that he has aoe and he buffs em .
however he also consumes hydro aura and might compromise vape if your xingqiu is non c6 .
true once he was taken on by mclaren-mercedes back when he was in karts he had the best of everything all the way to f1
i remember his biased commentating from the liverpool v cardiff fa cup game .
you 're really glad someone that does n't need a 2nd booster was able to get it ?
i think they 're a good entertainment source for both car and non-car people or maybe people who want to get into cars and want to get eased in to the culture and history etc .
i started off watching them and was still am a fan of their content but i 'll go look for more detailed and serious creators if there 's something specifically i 'm trying to learn do .
the arc of history bends the way we make it bend .
and if we stop pushing it because we assume that it 's gon na bend towards justice anyways then the ones pushing it towards injustice are going to win .
the arc of history bends towards justice if only if and inevitably if we fight with everything we have to make it bend towards justice and do n't take victory for granted .
i do n't mind surrealness but this was too much for me .
the 90s surreal fugly art style is also a major turn off and some of the covers cause a lot of eye strain .
x\_\_x yea i do n't think i can read anymore lol
looks like they were keeping a list sounds communist lol .
wonder when it happened did they erase you guys once the masks got lifted so as to keep their echo chamber intact ?
i did n't think of them but then i read about some guy 's laptop getting fried in the lpt subreddit and hurried out to buy some .
that or if you add a copper pipe that runs beside the tap tubes from the fridge .
most people stopped following duke nukem forever after the first 5 years .
you 'd have to be a fool to expect anyone other than the most deluded of fans to be following the development of this game .
i often feel we 'd make a great secondary couple book or on-screen .
like we 're just eccentrics who grumble at the world and each other .
for comedic relief from the primary couple 's drama .
women are more likely to be emotionally abusive aswell .
if they do n't physically hurt you they want you to hurt yourself .
i 'm not sure but my legs burn just thinking about it .
i dunno about that guy but i was lazily squinting at the thumbnail rather than opening the file and thought boogaloo boys flag '' said bangbus bros flag . ''
oh damn mb got rid of masks n vax cards last month .
german cockroach it 's a big problem you need to get an exterminator .
i kinda always forget that we have deer in new zealand and those weird mountain goat things the brit 's introduced
i am sure hitler is turning in his ashes about the copyright infringement by the russians from his book 'mein kampf ' ... ..they seem to have taken a leaf or three from his book and made it their own ... ... .thieves .
putting skrillex and liquid stranger at the same time is just straight cold blooded .
no offense but i hope this is all wrong .
your flair will update once your partner replies to your comment .
u/ag5airplane please reply to the above comment with your feedback only after your transaction is complete and both sides have received their end of the transaction .
once you reply you will both get credit and your flair scores will increase .
u/ag5airplane if you did not complete a transaction with this person please do not reply to their comment as this will confirm the transaction .
instead please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=r/digitalcodesell subject=incorrectly 20tagged 20confirmation message=i 20was 20incorrectly 20tagged 20in 20this 20comment 3a 20https 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fcomments 2ftwiitf 2f 2fi3ksrjh so we can contact the user and handle the situation .
please bear in mind our rules 1 be nice 2 no selling 3 no self-promotion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/firsttimehomebuyer if you have any questions or concerns .
a common tactic i 've seen with a lot of archers is to not hold the draw when you aim and to release almost immediately after the pull .
it takes a lot of strength to hold the bow steady at full draw and your muscles coordinate with your eyes pretty intuitively after a bit of practice you can just quick-fire .
for a 40yd range that 's still gon na be a hell of a pull because you 'll at least have to tilt your aim a bit and that might require a longer hold but definitely makes closer range targeting a lot easier to picture in the head .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't know if it was horror but it was some czech movie .
a lot of weird stuff was going on that was quite disturbing .
i heard a story about skinning a moose with a leatherman micro ...
i 've liked him since college and he played at fresno state so it made a lot of sense .
the taqueria inside la michoacana meat market lets you buy carnitas by the pound and i 'm pretty sure other taco meats as well .
200k is n't going to stretch very far if you do n't have land to build on .
by the time you buy the lot get your plans get your permits get your utilities brought it you may have burnt through 50 of your budget .
that 's not going to leave much to get your house dried in let alone any functional rooms .
you 're probably going to need to look at rural properties in counties with lax permitting to be able to do this .
have you ever lived in a home under construction for long periods of time ?
i do n't think most people understand how bad it wears on you over time .
and how hard it is to stay motivated long term .
renovations can be hell on your mental health and relationships .
also do you know for sure you 're going to have this remote job with flexible hours for the next 2-5 years ?
if you have a blueprint/plan that works for your permits do you really think you 'll be able to pick up used materials that match exactly what 's in the plan ?
for the actual structural components you ca n't just start substituting what you have or what you can afford for what you need .
also most of those plans/prints will need to be modified to work around what you 're going to be able to afford which adds .
i remember being scared to be in a mosque as a kid .
why ca n't those old people understand that they 're just kids .
titles need to include your gender and your age in this format such as 'm30 ' 'f30 ' 'nb30 ' 'm30 ' 'f30 ' 'nb30 ' '30m ' '30f ' '30nb ' '30m ' '30f ' '30nb ' .
please make a new post with the title similar to the examples .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/aminsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
did she leave you with the kids and run off with her boyfriend
after you ask people to disrobe they have to put their pants somewhere .
9/10 gun does n't look that cursed and it 's cqb look got quite the charm 1 for the fact you got two lamps instead of one moths wo n't be able to choose which one .
we noticed that your post included ideas of dark thoughts
remember we 're here for you and we love you if you continue to struggle with such thoughts or any mental health we recommend posting on the r/teenagersdepressed everyone present is available and there for you you would n't be a burden annoying or bothering anyone because everyone there wants to help and can help .
your mental health is important and you are important so please take care of yourself 3
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagersbutpog if you have any questions or concerns .
i unzip it all the way and it still has a pocket for tucking in my feet .
the only downside is the mummy hood of my thickest bag that can get in my face as i sleep .
if it 's warm enough i have a bag without a hood and i prefer it .
i have a bridge hammock so i lay flatter .
google image reverse says maybe it is a heat or moisture sensor
so we should stop using instacart so these people have no work ?
i used to take care of fire protection systems at a large number of petrochemical plants .
many of them had epa air quality monitors posted nearby .
it was an open secret that when there were storms that rolled through the chemical plants would use the opportunity to release .
same thing happens to finance when there are solar storms .
search 'solar ' on this sub for other references .
people in this sub are working overtime to convince everyone that the lakers will be good '' was a universal opinion here in november .
no one has given you a real answer so here it is what your boss makes is completely irrelevant you only consider yourself .
under capitalism your theoretical absolute goal is to acquire as much capital as possible .
the harder you work at the minimum wage job more hours more commissions etc .
but this only applies to a certain point you ca n't work 25 hours a day .
after you reach that point you continue working at the maximum level and accumulate the capital .
then you can make investments education starting a business investing in something in an attempt to make a profit .
this should eventually lead to you no longer working the minimum wage job .
of course in practice people 's sole goal is n't to acquire as much capital as possible but the system works well enough .
i really dig dwarven defenders alot and i 've always been a fan of fighter clerics so that seems like a win win .
especially when his defensive stance and throw some useful spells on top of it .
well you could go with max ghoulish but that does n't really make you immune rather it just makes it really easy to recover from it .
there 's also the robes of atom 's devoted these have a hidden perk of being able to make you immune to rads it 's a bit of a weird process to do and the negative result is you have to wear them and end up being really squishy since they do n't have much defense .
the best way is through the mysterious serum from the quest the secret of cabot house .
one dose gives you 10 rads a second along with 5 strength and 50 damage resist and lasts for three real life hours .
you can get an infinite supply but can only get one at a time .
you can however take the dosage and get another one and then take that and the durations stack .
so you can keep getting them and keep taking them to stack the duration for however long you want which will make you pretty much immune to all but the most potent radiation sources .
two seconds can make a difference in someone 's life .
i do n't think i 've seen one in 70 hours
when we do an mri when will hopefully get some answers
you 'd be surprised how girly you can become with make up a wig and the right clothes .
r/onlyfans101 is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
just because other wars have happened not triggering a potential backlash does n't mean this is n't valid .
it 's more complicated than as black and white as you think it is
speaking of make sure you throw on some sunscreen next time you 're gon na be out in the sun so much
that was what i always intended on doing but i wanted to stay denied so bad i begged to continue !
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 questions seeking a correct or definite answer that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on askreddit .
rule 5 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_5 rhetorical and loaded questions in which you are asserting an opinion bias or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion are not allowed on askreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
you have to at least attempt to min/max everything you can in the product .
why the fuck do android phones autocorrect its to it 's .
it is incredibly and highly annoying especially when you need the former not the latter .
that 's setting the bar at the bottom of the ocean
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=truckguy0269 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not the owners obligation to care for homeless people .
if you opened a restaurant and out of the goodness of your heart you gave the waste food away you are going to lose business and your livelihood .
customers wont come to your place when homeless druggies are hanging around .
the rachmaninoff is part of the specific arrangement that was used https youtu.be/sr8zpcwpagu
ah he skipped way further than i thought he would in the quest lol .
your submission was automatically removed because trades are not allowed to be influenced on wording as per rule 1 .
please change your description as we do not allow overpay '' to be used in trade posts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rocketleagueexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
im wondering what your definition of acidic tasting coffee is .
it 's sometimes easy to get it confused with the bite actually associated with bitterness .
either way aeropress is likely to give you a brighter tasting cup of coffee due to its nature .
i 'd like to know your experience with using other coffee .
tbf if you want a better cup that 's where you should start .
unfortunately it has been removed for the following reason s
we ask that users write a clear title for your content that describes the post well .
for information regarding this and similar issues please see the sidebar r/nextfuckinglevel/about/sidebar and the rules https www.reddit.com/r/nextfuckinglevel/about/rules .
if you have any questions please feel free to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/nextfuckinglevel subject=question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20submission 20by 20/u/kokonichole message=i 20have 20a 20question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20 5bsubmission 5d 28https www.reddit.com/r/nextfuckinglevel/comments/txekzt/whoa 3fcontext 3d10 29
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nextfuckinglevel if you have any questions or concerns .
as much as i do n't want smith starting in net for the oilers .
i know management does so him having a good game is a good thing .
i do n't see how anybody would be fuming over a great play and him directly contributing towards a win .
well that was fast bangggg 2-0 benzema is a tank
i do n't think that 's a very big deal for them .
they probably do n't make much from views anyway due to their videos being full of copyrighted material .
the only viewers they likely need/want to maintain are their patreon viewers who are watching for more than the blockbuster reviews anyways .
even then completely random videos like them just reading jerry springer episode titles out loud still get millions of views .
hey just gave you a upvote can please can i have one now upvote the comment
if ur on ps i promise well kill him first try
thank you for pointing that out major miss by me
nta you 're protecting your kid but i feel like you could comprise here .
i think those are both sweet names that are different enough from ted that your child probably would n't have any issues with it .
it sounds like your husband is grieving very very badly and i think maybe compromising with him on this issue could help him through that grieving process .
and it has two flexible cords with hooks so i can attach anything to it .
he is dedicated to rubbing the fact that xqc lost lol
when i went to lunch today i noticed an old man sitting on a park bench sobbing his eyes out .
he said i have a 22 year old wife at home .
she rubs my back every morning and then gets up and makes me pancakes sausage fresh fruit and freshly ground coffee.
he said she makes me homemade soup for lunch and my favorite brownies cleans the house and then watches sports tv with me for the rest of the afternoon.
he said for dinner she makes me a gourmet meal with wine and my favorite dessert and then makes love with me until the wee hours
i said well why in the world would you be crying ?
he said i ca n't remember where i live !
well yes if you 're smurfing then obviously you will climb .
the difference might be the number of games depending on the role as smurf laners will climb faster than supports .
to put it into perspective a diamond 1 support is the equivalent to a plat 1 mid laner .
you ca n't compare the skill level of a high elo top or mid laner to a support .
no i said you were a horrible person and then a terrible person
we kindly remind you that you 've exceeded the posting limit of 2 posts every 12 hours**.\nnow you have to wait until you will be able to post again .
deleted posts still count as they are already recorded on our subreddit.\nif you believe this was done in error message the moderators of collegesluts https reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcollegesluts subject=post rate limit exemption message=hi please approve my re-submission of this removed post http redd.it/tu4p5v .
no it is n't why else would the emperor suddenly make it a capital offense .
i 'll start by saying sorry if this is a dumb question .
how literal are people being when they describe certain characters as 'must haves ' ?
do you actually need them or is it just like the meta in most gachas where there are other options but the characters everyone talk about are simply the best to use ?
just wondering how seriously i should take character recommendations .
i converted to azw3 and dragged over via pc nothing .
then thanks to you getting my brain working i thought that i 'd manually download the latest software again from amazon and perform a manual update on my oasis .
i can only assume that there was a glitch of some description during the auto-update knowing me it was probably something i did .
thanks to you and the other redditors who commented i 'm back up and running .
still do n't like this new interface much but hey-ho .
whoever parked outside my house i have a ring doorbell
however your submission has been removed due to not meeting the formatting guidelines for this sub .
all titles must include who you are and what you are looking for inside either brackets or parentheses .
please see full sub rules for a more detailed explanation of allowed tags .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/orlandor4r if you have any questions or concerns .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not use the correct format for your title .
read the rules to learn how to do this correctly .
do not contact the mods asking for help with this .
this is by design to be hard because we have to assure you read the rules and learned the trick to post as its the only way to assure people read the rules .
please re-submit your post as follows local country name all caps your main role tech/biz/sales/hr your years experience pos int number your title here ending with period . ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cofounder if you have any questions or concerns .
western data supports it but japanese data does not .
to me that shows its down to time in bo3 or the side deck or both .
most likely both given blue benefits most from side decks and stall is too slow for bo3 .
i could n't add text to the submission and apologies if it 's been posted already i did a sub search a tiktok creator marygundel posted about the crappy working conditions at the dollar general she manages and has caused many other employees to come forward as well about the poor work environment .
her account has a bunch of people and their personal accounts of what they 've encountered working at the store they 've organized a national walk out and she of course has been fired and harassed by corporate and the higher ups .
but damn this makes me happy to see these people coming together and making changes at all of these companies .
damn rights any employee at any job deserves quality working conditions .
also please note that this began because customers were posting about the stores not being in good condition having stock piled everywhere not enough staff on shift ... these workers deserve so much better .
you have the most sexiest body in the world .
i want to experience every sexy inch of your sexy body
you can resell game skins on steam 's marketplace and creators get a cut .
this has been running for like a decade and you have a support team and lower transaction fees than if it was on blockchain .
decentralization does n't help when the publisher can just flip a switch and make your items not matter on their game servers .
there is some knowledge man is not equipped to possess
you can learn new stuff or coach colleagues if you are into it .
but since it 's not i would go with 20mg temazepam with 15mg midazolam if the temazepam is n't enough .
just make up a lie about how it 'll help his ninja skills
my cat did not go near the baby in the first 12 months .
once she sniffed the head of the baby while i was nursing but she definitely steers away .
and even now that they sometimes hang out together on the playmat supervised my cat will never go in the crib .
sometimes if the baby is not in the room the cat will go and take a nap on the changing table but she stays away from the crib .
in order to maintain some semblance of quality on the sub mods must manually approve of all posts that come through .
once your post is approved you can bet it 'll probably look very hot and sexy on the front page if it 's funny enough ... maybe .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/comedyheaven if you have any questions or concerns .
as someone who actually recently quit a job with direct tv at t i can tell you the price for that package is always advertised at 69.99 to start with and people 's bills are always 119.99 and we ‘never have a record ' of it .
i mean i legitimately do n't have any record but i aint fucking stupid so i quit that awful place .
... then they would n't be billing anyone at 120 .
literally anyone with a brain would contest the first bill and att could go fuck themselves not to mention how much they 'd spend dealing with it .
and your annecdotal evidence will always be just that .
of course i do not have proof because such a thing is impossible to obtain .
i 'm not saying there are n't a lot of orcs that need death at a minimum .
i dont know if you 're making a joke but no it 's from the movie the hangover 3 ''
ah good another attack on the ehrc because they try to promote equalities for everyone and are n't just an attack dog to be set on the conservatives .
pink news want the lgbt community to be more equal than others and doubly so for trans
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
why do you want men to bend to your will ?
yeah it 's more of a regression considering this .
i think iap can be shared but only if they 're a subscription .
i hate when i 'm told to just chill and move on .
people being content when shit happens is how shit continues to happen !
apparently the nut is the fruit proper which grows inside that funny broad bean-shaped thing the swollen top part or bottom in these depictions is called the pseudo-fruit .
such things i did not know of this world ...
and a display does n't achieve the exact same thing ?
the image shown on the display is n't translated to an orthographic frontal view 2d .
you can still make up that a car is far away because it shows up smaller on the display .
we 're sorry to inform you your post has been removed for violating rule 11 solo content must have obvious i want to be her '' implications .
please reread the subreddit 's rules and feel free to continue posting under these rules .
if you feel your post was removed in error please feel free to message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/iwanttobeherhentai2 subject=post 20removal 20appeal and let us know why .
at least i can always go back to spectacular where they managed not one but two iterations of the sinister six both of which were really really well done .
reminds me of the old record of lodoss war ova opening
i would rather sport hitlers mustache than that shit on his lip .
you are most definitely a hottie and one very stunningly beautiful young lady.who looks absolutely fabulous in this beautiful summery dress and i could n't agree the weather looks absolutely fabulous in this photo of yourself.💖☺️
thankfully i 'm suffering less its just a beanie to hide the mess my growing hair is rn .
charlotte palermino charlotteparler on instagram explains the distinction between american european korean and australian sunscreens really well !
you could take a look at their videos before you decide if it 's worth the price tag
active carbon filter the wash and the spirit after 80 proof down with clean water .
well there 's some sort of background story going on about the grandma 's past not super interesting if you ask me and spare enough not to capture your attention .
for me the best is opening new areas and seeing how the map develops and improves .
lookin like one of those aliens from men in black
the point here is that in its original greek and aramaic the nt indeed does not say that humans will suffer eternally in hell .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post can not have first person pronouns i me my etc
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
24 m western pa let me know if youre interested
that could work for the big climactic world war but for my mod at least a lot of things are built on certain countries taking certain peace deals those ca n't be unscripted without breaking thed mod in half .
reject the big bang embrace the nothingness that lies beyond .
russian general vladimir shamanov does n't deny that soldier dig trenches in red forest but says it is a safe place because even partisans in wwii used those positions and there was no radiation ''
with russia appointing ignoramuses like that as general is anyone still surprised about how things are goings ?
please check the daily discussion thread https www.reddit.com/r/formula1/search ? sort=new restrict_sr=on q=flair 3adaily 2bdiscussion and any stickied posts at the top of the subreddit as this post would be more suitable as a comment there .
the sticky/daily discussion https www.reddit.com/r/formula1/wiki/userguide wiki_sticky.2fdaily_discussion section of the rules can help decide which posts can be allowed as standalone posts .
please read the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/formula1/wiki/userguide wiki_posting_guidelines or contact the moderator team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fformula1 if you have questions or concerns .
last two weeks my throat has hurt for several days after getting caught in a choke .
is this something the body will get used to like the rug burn on the top of my foot after my first session or is it something you just have to live with ?
if the projector has an audio input jack that will be compatible with the output from the receiver rca or speaker terminals then i suppose it 's possible .
but if you are going to invest in speakers for an atmos setup and a receiver might as well spend the small bit more and get a proper center speaker .
i got one of these for tubs and the mighty .
fits quite a few containers easily i think i have about 10 in there plus my mighty .
well the key to beat that level is keeping à propler suit
it 's weird how an organized crime boss does n't make a very good president .
i hit d2 with mord a couple times and only would change voli and renek to meh/skill i agree on most of it tho
🎉 the great thing about aamc fl 's is that once you finish you can see what you need to work on tackle those concepts and get even better .
i have n't used bp but from what i 've read there 's a good underinflation with the scores feel free to correct me if i 'm wrong but it sounds like you 're in a good spot !
your mom may mean well but she clearly did n't respect your girlfriend when she said she 'll cook for herself .
she 's just pregnant it 's not gon na hinder her from doing something simple .
she does n't need to give any more explanation on why she should/should n't be allowed to cook .
and i 'm pretty sure she knows her limitations based on how she clearly drew the line .
well that 's your opinion and you 're entitled to it .
this post is about who you like the least and laurel is the girl i like the least of the remaining picks .
these girls will facetime and twerk nude for you 1 on 1 while you jerk off click here to play for free on chatselfies.com https www.luckycrush.live ? aff_id=5d035d9062721 ban_id=0587e34a chan=code5
arrange a discreet booty call right now with a big booty queen check it out on bootycallz.co http bootycallz.co
join r/asssophat and r/nudetwerk for more big phat asses .
please consider cross-posting/sharing this post to help grow the community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/twerkqueens if you have any questions or concerns .
most pharmacists are spineless people pleasers that do n't have the nerve to say no if a pharmacy is struggling to meet metrics within the scheduled hours then the metrics are telling you that staffing is not sufficient .
it 's not like there are n't endless other places around the internet where your views would be celebrated
ah we like the right wing persecution complex around here do n't we ?
i 'm crying and i wish you never did this does that count ?
a reminder if you are seeking resources in your local area please provide that in the post so that users can share appropriate links and phone numbers .
if you are in distress please call 9-1-1 or your local emergency number .
if you are having suicidal thoughts please click here for a list of crisis support services .
http www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html if you are seeking therapy online please click here for a list of counselling services .
https thelifelinecanada.ca/pattern-interrupt/ecounselling if you feel well enough to do so please do your part to enrich this community .
now that you have posted please leave a constructive helpful comment on someone else 's post .
filter by new to find posts with zero comments .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mentalhealth if you have any questions or concerns .
i love it but the rest of the house needs some work also the railings should be taller .
due to increased scam attempts within the sub all low-flaired sellers 11 trades must follow several new procedures for increased security .
all items must include a handwritten timestamp with your username and the current date included in at least one picture that shows all items listed for sale to show proof of ownership .
additional pictures can be included in the album for increased detail .
payment methods is limited to paypal goods and services .
venmo zelle cashapp and paypal friends and family are prohibited unless you use a 3rd member as a payment proxy https www.reddit.com/r/gunaccessoriesforsale/wiki/proxy .
failure to adhere to this will result in the buyer being banned for 30 days and seller being banned for 90 days .
additionally to make things as simple as possible simply state whether or not the g s fees are included in your listed price s .
if your post is not in compliance with these rules you may be banned .
do not make a new posting edit this posting to ensure it complies or you may be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gunaccessoriesforsale if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're waiting the whole time for a crescendo that never comes .
personally i leveled it up just to get more damage in but the scarlet rot build up does n't change so you could probably just use it until scarlet rot is inflicted and then swap to an upgraded weapon to get the damaging hits in .
i 'll be 40 in a couple months and i still get acne .
buffalo rumblings digital content is n't much better though their podcasts can be great .
joe buscaglia is a pro and he has great technical analysis .
team reporter chris brown knows his stuff inside outside upside and down .
not every team reporter may be included for every team but he should be .
ich bin in einem konzern und wir haben das home office in ein hybrides arbeiten überführt .
es ist den teams grösstenteils selber überlassen wie sie kommen möchten .
manche sind 100 zuhause andere kommen freiwillig jeden tag .
especially if there 's a shaky sort of internal feeling in the am .
i get mine around 5am and it lets me know i have to take some hc before bed .
also intermittent nausea has been a more prominent feature for me having hpa axis dysregulation .
could you imagine soccer making a rule only a certain number of players can be on one side of the field at one time
i noticed it when doing the picture event it was so pretty
having the phone in a pocket with single tap activated it keeps getting turned on accidentally .
the least they could 've done is have a stronger pocket mode .
just looked up what it is and its actually illegal in my country lol but stills thanks anyways mate i may see something else in those lines idk
longmire on netflix is good ... .. and long .
richie friday the 13th as new beginning a killer wanting to outdo the original
mickey halloween h20 a new take on halloween which takes place on campus
i went to cabo a while back and i did have someone offer to sell me coke on the street .
i obviously rejected this but i think he thinks it 'll be similar to that .
i just meant that there is people pretty much everywhere trying to sell weed to tourists in mexico and i think my bf thinks it 'll be similar to this but with coke in colombia .
i guess based off of that they make allot of coke there which is a dumb assumption on his part .
being democrat leaning in america is rather right wing for most other places in the world
when a woman can suck her own breasts ... that 's such a turn on .
especially when she looks at you with those beautiful eyes and has perfect areolas .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/unexpected/comments/txz6z2/truth_or_dare_exposed_edition
these white vegans should learn about third world problems .
indigenous population of the world comprises of 5 but they have preserved 82 of biodiversity while remaining meat eaters .
at the same time there are holier than thou avocado eating white vegans whose food pollute min five seas to arrive their supermarket from peru destroying amazon rainforests in the process
there was never a vote on it tho no ?
i have matt if ur interested in trading for him
i once watched the dogs of a man like this .
like he wrote out what i had to do hour by hour .
he said i had to follow it to a t. he recently messaged asking if i could watch them again .
i said yes and he was like i 'll let you know .
so i was like ok. then he messaged me at 5am ... less than an hour later he said nevermind because i did n't answer him fast enough .
i do love the case though makes me wan na build another pc but i 'm happy with my set up right now
he was in his early 60s and seemed to be of sound mind .
they would have found out his address done a reverse search and reached out to extort some amount of money in probably crypto from lpl to prevent release of his identity .
mind you us mrls was more expensive but more effective
they have allies but we do not trust the us .
i 'm from france and between the boing/airbus scandal and the australian submarine contract trust took a serious hit .
also we know their constant effort to ruin inter-european cooperation and independence .
we are allied by necessity we 're not friend .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kinkylyf .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
but my gawd did you marry a huge one .
the way he 's treating his daughter is atrocious what a loser
nta but i think foxy is the coolest fnaf character so i might be biased 😎 you are n't subjecting her to jump scares you 're letting her play with what amounts to a pirate fox stuffed animal as i see at least another person noting in the comments .
⁠⁠⁠⁠⁠⁠the word about drs and gme fundamentals needs to be spread to the masses outside of reddit .
⁠⁠⁠⁠⁠⁠apes with money tied up in other investments could convert those to gme and drs .
⁠⁠⁠⁠⁠⁠apes with shares in brokers that will not drs such as etoro and t212 think about selling and re-buying elsewhere ! !
they do n't have shares anyway so selling hurts nothing .
do n't trust your millions to a broker that wo n't transfer .
what is drs and why should everyone do it with their shares ?
part of the seventh kingdom line by four horsemen .
if i remember right there were a lot of exclusives for the various online stores .
here 's an advice stop caring about reddit points make sound and coherent arguments instead of crying .
totally not say fuck you to entire group of people kinda shows prejudice .
now not having systemic oppression does n't mean there is n't certain disadvantages to certain group .
it 's the same argument of umm women can vote now so no sexism '' no it 's idiotic to think that .
they do n't watch boxing for the sport lol .
when young women prioritize one thing when old and post wall they prioritize other stuff .
that does n't mean either did n't play in their choosings at all .
no that 's where i just use old fashioned dd because it 's the only way i know — but if you 're on windows and you need put linux on a usb stick it 's the way to go and it even has an option to write using dd .
i think it 's sexy that your areolas are so big .
it 's rare and i do n't see it very often .
and being that big is just more of a challenge to get it all my mouth !
the thing is you do n't want to die or you let them get xp and also your farm .
i ca n't imagine you score six times with rowlett without dying ?
it 's hard enough with machamp without score shield but he at least had bulk and gets dp/submission at level 5 .
i was hoping someone with a feathery friend could share his experience on how they act !
i love the idea that he 'd have abandonment issues '' fits with the backstory of the character too .
i can see him love bombing the party trying to feed them and get very excited lol .
i am the one who goes through the reports 😌😌
ironically that 's the mode your garmin gps goes into when you lose satellite reception dr mode .
i actually have just enough to do solo staking but i 'm very confused as to where to start
i 've read through like everything and obviously step 1 is to get the hardware
but before purchasing the hardware i 'm not 100 what step 2 is and i think the lack of not knowing the whole process 100 gives me great concern to even begin step 1
also i hear going down the 16 eth stake on rocketpool may be just as good if not better than solo staking ?
i feel overall the education is lacking and i come from a tech background i think to commit up and coming stakers there needs to be better education or else everyone will just go to coinbase point and click 🤔
welcome you are right on the time and must be enjoying the dips .
please keep in mind that all posts need to be of professional discussion https www.reddit.com/r/socialmedia/comments/ft6ghx/all_new_posts_need_a_flair_going_forward .
if this post does n't follow the rules report it to the mods https www.reddit.com/r/socialmedia/about/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/socialmedia if you have any questions or concerns .
you got a googan squad clutch and clickbait out of that haha
i can get my verification code but how do you get the activation code ?
it says join the social group but no info there .
person m from the milky way galaxy travels to the andromeda galaxy and tells person a to take a picture exactly x time from now .
then person m travels back and then takes a picture at exactly x time from the time he left .
as long as x years is longer than the time required to travel the distance back to the milky way .
per the sidebar please format your title as a question .
your question must be an actual question including a ' ? '
feel free to resubmit your post with a specific question as the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/careerguidance if you have any questions or concerns .
i was also told you ca n't get praziquantel over the counter but it may depend on where you 're at because i can get it from the local feed store and online for much cheaper than the vet will sell it and it 's the same thing .
i 've spent 40 at the vet to deworm two cats only to find out i could have dewormed them twice for 10 at the feed store which is what i now do .
i highly recommend you check online and local to you before you drop vet money on this .
made it to capra demon and never got past that damn dogs so dropped it thinking if i 'm struggling now it wo n't get any better difficulty wise later on .
went on to finish dark souls 3 plus the dlc instead .
did the russian ministry of defense hire whistlingdiesel for these mods ?
the json file has one key called key and the value is an xml string
3vs are a ton of fun even if they are n't the fastest things around .
so i guess you could be reductionist and say 9/11 turned me trans p lmao
whether or not that 's valid depends on what 's being debated .
if the debate is about the statement what russia is doing in ukraine is wrong '' then the argument but you think what the us did in iraq was okay ! ''
the fact that a person may be hypocritical does n't mean that their statement is flawed .
you 're not arguing about the topic you 're not arguing about the person .
if you found iraq acceptable what 's the difference here ? ''
as a way to try and better understand the person 's views but you can not use this to argue that their initial statement is false .
arguing about the person 's integrity or consistency can be valid if the actual person is the topic of dicsussion .
for instance if a politician says homosexuality should be illegal no one should ever engage in homosexual activities it is the worst act anyone can ever commit '' and it 's revealed that they themselves have multiple same-sex lovers that 's extremely hypocritical and is a very valid argument against them getting reelected .
it might also undermine the political issue they are driving since you could start doubting that they actually find it an important issue if they 're not following their ideals .
perhaps for instance they 're just saying those things to attract voters not because they genuinely hold the view .
basically this same thread was posted a day ago and people from other countries ' navies commented that they 're allowed to have beards and that it does n't interfere with proper seals on ppe .
also this argument does n't explain why the us navy allowed beards up until the 80s .
are they less effective now or is this strictly a professionalism '' regulation with no purpose other than cosmetics ?
i shouldnt buy the qn95a then and wait for the qn90b ?
how much time takes it to drop the price ?
thats a problem because i dont have any television at the moment xd .
it 's not really questionable from a player 's perspective .
when games go long and players are out on the field longer than usual it wears on the body .
you get injuries and compounded wear and tear on the body .
that 's why players were so supportive of the ghost runner that during the cba negotiations the players and the owners were able to just table the issue and come back to it after a cba was agreed on .
we just got teamwhiped and they are 90 in rosh
create a support ticket on the website and explain your situation .
most outlandish the dbacks spend some money near the all-star break
getting gigs is about more than just acting talent alone otherwise you would n't have big stars making millions upon millions of dollars for one line cameos .
please check your chatbox as we will gift your a steam gift code as an appreciation !
i love idea of kids and but the reality everyday reaffirms not having them .
especially if you are not super wealthy and privileged .
please read the rules and guidelines in our sidebar before commenting .
abuse shaming sexism and encouraging violence/revenge are not tolerated here .
please review our community guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/infidelity/comments/nj93nw/how_to_write_a_good_post_for_rinfidelity on what makes for a good post to this sub .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/infidelity if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah ... the m6 is like a giant rock with wheels attached .
unfortunately it has become like dating they do n't bother to answer 'no ' .
i also review applications myself and there are lots of candidates who do n't deserve an answer because they just spam .
applying to all open positions the cv is a copy of the linkedin profile the motivation letter works for baker or bank employee etc .
i 'm not diagnosed yet but i totally get you .
i have this feeling especially if i have to got to bed in the evening .
there 's an adult person saying go to bed !
and a child that throws a tantrum and does n't want to .
and the more tired i am the quieter the adult becomes .
that 's why i 'm never in bed on time and always at least 1h later than i first wanted to go .
she should be allowed to spew her racist nonsense .
but andrew should be able to call them all out on all of their racist shit .
it goes on every single show no matter who 's on mic .
charla does it wax does it and definitely every single female in there does it .
yes the imac does n't have a logo on the front anymore .
the kilo of heroin on the other appendage is just a harmless food additive .
retroactive jealousy happens when your body is telling you something important .
this system evolved over thousands of years therefore i would definitely listen to it and evaluate seriously .
some people are able to uncondition it brain is very flexible system but imho it 's like disabling smoke alarm in your house i.e .
doable but definitely not a smart thing to do .
almost all poly and open relationships i saw are cluster-fucks e.g .
girl being open about her past or not does n't change her past and does n't lower risk .
can you really answer those questions without being a mind reader ?
sure she could be completely new person but do you want to risk it ?
especially in modern times when divorces leave men penniless .
in my case i would just eject from this deal and find a new one .
also do n't rush into relationships men value raises till mid-30 and sometimes even longer i.e .
careers like doctor lawyer successful business niche professionals etc. .
cause she makes decisions based on dogma 's instead of science .
she does not know anything and makes blunder after blunder in this crucial time .
you show that you have bad feelings about her but i see a complete lack of reference to anything factual in your statement .
hindus/kafirs/zalim before getting killed mera abdul aisa nhi hai 🤓🤓
it 's not a hoax trump worked for putin .
they impact a miniscule amount of the apartment stock .
the problem is new housing construction has almost completely dried up over the last 20 years while demand in these cities has gone up .
also that strategy only works for investors if there is not a lot of available housing .
you want a high vacancy rate that drives down rental prices .
this is a dream of mine to do this .
i 'm uk based though but i wan na get to see dead co here and camp there too .
i hope my stars allign and i can save money and come next year if there 's a tour .
if bc anime ended giving us an ova for dante vs magna i would be more than satisfied .
there 's a website called last.fm that you can sign up to for free that has a whole database of connecting artists you like to similar artists in case you do n't have/want spotify
i 'm trying to lose so i can get a lv3 snake but my turtle is dummy thicc and the clapping of my burger buns keeps dominating the enemy . ''
not even a minute into the game and already a fucking penalty the fuck ?
he 'd look much better if he just took off his glasses and brushed his hair .
i 'd rather it not be but it is one of the easiest ways to initiate offense when done right .
i 'd prefer the other suggestions of making his forward dodge heavy unblockable .
this was a lot more fun but i didn t use dlcs back then and late game can be really boring .
worth cancelling when the product value is high the fraud analysis of shopify is pretty accurate usually
ca n't even fit y.rosamia on my ougi team .
though kinda want skill cd cut for her s2 to be at least spammable .
is grand leona just flat charge bar and not gain boosted ?
i assume this is what op is talking about .
to bigots the ingroup is always comprised of individuals who make their own judgement and are judged by individual merit while the outgroup is a collective and if a single of them ever do a bad thing that means the entire group is bad and should be judged based on that .
i would have to charge for shipping but it would only be whatever that price is im not trying to make any money on these
a bit on the expensive end but my barber did a pretty good job and all of them speak english .
you can also make appointments online very easily which was a plus for me .
well i go outside and buy the cheapest icecream i could see .
i would eat it in a park and enjoy the view while eating .
the fact the first dude says you agree with that ? ''
try a game engine such as stride3d you can just import their rendering packages without all the rest of the engine if you do n't need to .
the only problem with trading kepler is that kepler is our backup cf .
have you even looked at my 3 years-old account ?
this sub used to harbour people who were actually adept at critical thinking and truly did their own research now it 's a circejerk of gullible brainlets who feed their need to feel superior by pretending that everyone else is stupid except them .
if you 're looking for this but with ctrl then you 're looking for a tsangan bottom row 60 with 1.75u rshift .
and if you 're looking for a pcb that has this then i 'm pretty sure any solderable 60 pcb has it .
maybe millmaxing also if you 're planning on using this board a lot .
i 've read about this before and i 've seen this picture but it always looked weird even considering it 's a 100 yo photo .
i am no biologist but if i had to guess testosterone and other hormones promote more growth in men ?
i think also the reason the have more body hair and voices change and other puberty stuff
escooters just should be banned full stop they are literally causing death and mayhem on the roads and pavements .
you made my big sad leave the room for a while .
i 'm romanticizing reality by saying the game of life is rigged ?
i think romanticizing would be to say this is all somehow fair and just .
you may have created a few safety nets but at the end of the day you 're still dependent on this system aka capitalism to preserve those safety nets .
and you probably wo n't acknowledge that luck played a huge factor in acquiring those safety nets .
i 'm not trying to shame you for what you have i 'm just saying the least you could do is leave the have nots alone instead of shaming them for their position in life .
i can not stand when middle class people try to tell the poor how to live their lives especially when most of them could n't walk a mile in their shoes .
they 're quick to say i was poor once too but being poor for a few months or years is not on the same level as a lifetime of prolonged struggling .
also you have to play the game of life to a minimal amount sure .
but the degree to which you participate in these unnecessary social status games that society perpetuates is completely up to you .
half of the things modern society says we need were n't considered needs a couple decades ago .
exhibit a 21st century technologies like the iphone and gadgets in general the increased emphasis of the you need to be popular with others narrative pushed by social media .
these are only considered needs because the culture dictates that they are .
but objectively they 're not needs for survival or even happiness .
i feel the same way about having so-called friends it 's really not necessary all these friendships do is perpetuate the cycle of comparison and keeping up with the joneses
shopping at nettos has been a topic for bullying in schools since the early 2000 's
i 've lived there and they are generally tall athletic and good looking .
this kid has probably lived in war for his whole life .
we fortunate people ca n't fathom what that suffering is like but probably you just need to get used to it in a way .
ca n't wait to watch this with my three sons all three have a player with the same name so they 've got someone to root for .
have a series x and sony x900 that is 3 years old .
i 'll ask sony bravia subreddit and see what they say
the greatest set not to be shown on the big screen
if she proves she could have done a lot better as vice president before her every move as president would be undermined .
not so much advice as just similar vibes and i was n't raised fundie just picked up on historically expected gender roles and stereotypes that i have never felt comfortable with i always wanted to be taken seriously wanted to be independent wanted to be equal .
but i 've become severely disabled the past 4 years including cognitive impacts .
so now my fiance has to look after me and make the serious decisions .
luckily my fiance is lovely and caring and so i can trust him and would kinda have to anyway but winding up being the physically frail airhead 'wife ' still irritates me not that anyone ever says that but i see the similarity
these gender roles and stereotypes are messing with all of us istg .
there are people playing the same deck day after day trying to get those dailys done as fast as possible and you ca n't blame them because the reward system is designed to encourage this .
i could n't fix '' myself in the 2 weeks she gave me to jump through hoops to get her back .
it 's w3 now and it 's still hard now that she blocked me
i know a little addison and someone about to name their daughter addison and an ellie and just met another ellie on the playground haha .
both are good usable names nothing wrong with either just matter of preference .
the name regret can come with ppd/ppa ca n't it ?
not that it is n't valid just wondering if it could be a temporary feeling .
maybe going by nn addy would help it feel more right .
4 months is not letting it go on so long though you could still change it .
i 'd try to make a final decision before the first birthday though .
i think by then babe will start to know their name .
yeah i heard this at the time of release ... there was an interview where he alluded to it and not being happy with the change .
he pretty much stopped short of saying he was outright lied to .
he was very diplomatic about it but did n't hide his disappointment .
did you check the setting in your uefi for initial graphics device ?
if it is set to igfx/igpu then it will not output to your graphics card .
he usually introduces himself as tom but later when the time is right you find out that his name is actually longer ... thomas just like the penis
also 2012 with plenty of games without 3 points made lol
maybe we need to try reddit.com rather than the mobile app
i am not an intj but i 've been very close to like 4 of them and they were all the most superficial people i 've ever been friends with .
they always have to point out when they think something is ugly .
it 's funny because they would tell me that they 're not picky at all when it comes to looks but the next moment they would complain about a how a girl who is interested in them is too ugly for them to date i 've heard them say stuff like the girl has too much piercings her brow bone is too much like a neanderthal her fashion sense sucks etc.
but could n't that also be done with private/public key encryption or am i misunderstanding what you mean by product validation ?
just realized i went to school with somebody in the pioneers/flower game .
notice he never suffered the drawbacks of gear 3 after impel down probably because he was n't thinking of it amidst the chaos of the war .
similarly his only drawback on g4 went from ca n't move '' to ca n't use haki '' between arcs .
his gear side effects may be conjured by his fruit and not a byproduct of the form at all
i thought i could use responsibly then life happened and the stress pushed me to use daily .
started at 500mg daily and quickly turned to 2gs .
i 'm not in the best of spirits right now and i know i need to make a taper plan .
it 's been about 3 months of daily use before that i was using 1 g twice a week .
i 'm from robeson county which you drive thru to get there .
we go for fire works because because airborns are illegal here and walking thru the parking lot of sotb you can find vehicles from a lot of states .
one thing americans have in common lol we all enjoy a little colorful explosion now then
it 's just that i suck at everything do n't have any talents ugly lazy and do nothing in the house
just like all those undercover labor operatives we 've seen in the press this week like concetta fierravanti-wells and catherine cusack discussing how horrid our pm is right ?
from what i remember from having the condition as a child it 's not so much that the glasses correct it as much as the glasses letting your eyes function properly while the lazy eye simply corrects itself as you age .
my vision was fine but my eyes would get tired and i 'd get headaches .
the glasses got the headaches under control and made it so my eyes did n't get as tired .
i only wore them for a few year even then i was n't very good at wearing them and i 'd often go without and the problem fixed itself .
there 's a manager at my place that we call that .
dress towards business casual vs. super casual band tshirt and flip flops sorta thing lol
just put the ring on their finger while they 're sleeping .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
i think it 's also more about people needing to stop thinking that just because barry and iris are not always sharing the screen at the same time it does n't mean that they 're falling out of love with each other or something like that which is totally devoid of logic .
wait i am your biggest fan ive seen your art on twitter omg i love you
but one thing all systems share is that they were created by severe repeated childhood trauma before age 9 .
depending on where you are and what you can afford you can access queer including trans therapists via online counseling services like betterhelp .
so if you do n't trust the ones you have access to you could have options .
your post has been removed for lacking a social network tag at the beginning of your post title .
we currently allow the following tags corresponding to the following social networks
please resubmit your post with one of the allowed tags at the beginning of your post title .
if you 'd like to submit a post from a social network not on this list please contact the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsocialmediasluts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/socialmediasluts if you have any questions or concerns .
your phone has the unheard voicemail symbol in the top left the rest is just silly speculation .
some of us have been in this sub long enough to know that i_wear-fedoras drives the ultimate compensating-for-my-enormous-cock-mobile .
i dont think they can print it for you but im sure if you rented the 3d printer and printed it then it would be the same as renting any machining tool
have you tried simply to reclaim it at the quest caravan ?
please remember that all comments must be civil and helpful toward finding an answer .
jokes and unhelpful answers will earn you a ban even on the first instance .
if you see any comments that violate this rule please report them .
op u/kawaiisadist check your inbox https www.reddit.com/message/inbox for a message on how to activate your post .
if looking for an item to purchase do not click on links sent to you in private messages and report such to the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/helpmefind if you have any questions or concerns .
i have vague memories of a similar game from the same time frame .
this game also featured rabbits as the characters the level select '' screen was a city overview and each job '' taught you different things .
i specifically remember a farming level and the farmer rabbit character would physically pick up the different farm equipment to attach it to the tractor which i found hilarious as a child .
i also think i can recall a bookstore or library level where you had to alphabetize books ?
was played on early 90 's mac computers in my elementary school .
this was one of his best games in recent weeks .
nice i just needed help on 1st phase tbh but thanks for the help
my guess is there 's probably about 3 dozen v1 riders who ride consistently .
they should get their time the important thing is that we get quality stuff in the end .
although i disagree with the third part of the last season '' it 's just more like 10 chapters ?
and you should really watch the anime in my opinion it surpass by far the manga in most scenes armin is hella cuter in it .
if you do delete it we 'll consider it an attempt to avoid our rules and you will not be able to appeal your ban .
once you have verified successfully your posting privileges will be restored .
a short time ago you were asked by a moderator to verify .
until you verify you will not be able to participate in r/amateur .
once you have verified successfully your posting privileges will be restored .
you can read up on how to verify on this page https www.reddit.com/r/amateur/wiki/verification .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amateur if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's why fentanyl is running rampant and killing thousands now .
just fucking do it already jesus this conversations getting stale as fuck .
that was cool but what 's up with the final part where the person on top grabs and pulls the head of the person on the bottom .
i mean at that point the one on top had pretty much won as far as i 'm concerned the head pulling just seems a bit dangerous
i think you should have done apollo instead of zues honestly .
of course percy still would have one but apollo gets so many more lines than zues
i have n't heard of them sadly i was more surprised seeing a post from here
because way back then males being naturally bigger and stronger did the heavy work .
women did just as much just more in the line of homemaking .
as humans progressed and technology aided both roles they intertwined .
most likely it was a male who constructed the 1st wheel and harnessed fire due to their roles at the time .
make no mistake if we did n't have the technology growth over the last century and a half the gender roles would be much the same as they 've been in previous eras .
toss off a quick one in the bathroom changing before swimming
if you do n't mind telling me what do you do for work ?
wow did they nbsp nbsp nbsp finally finish last breath ?
i 'm the original nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp starwalker
sims passed up a dunk for a 3 ... and it worked lol
ironically the ones who usually understand people well us is frequently misunderstood .
i 've heard things from infps are deceitful and sly to infps are whiny little sensitive kids .
you ca n't convince somebody that you 're a nice person over reddit ... . that 's not how conversation works .
i just accept it and move on my merry way .
after all what 's the point in being oh so miserable that online strangers judge you because of test results ?
i saw them last year and their guitarist looks mother fucking homeless they are grizzled vets
i even use it myself from time to time .
but this and the slightly zoomed in cockpit view are the only illegal views .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barelylegalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
the new star wars trilogy is wayyy better than the old ones .
noed is fair and balanced just like circle if healing
building scout to fight glyphid hoards is better than playing mini gun gunner
rust no man 's sky and ark are just the same game
random crits are a needed thing and are good for the game
the resident evil movie was soooo good and externally faithful to the actual game .
mine is in a nice frame sitting in the attic ... .
uhh no i 'm pretty sure they 're being racist .
there is definitely a racism problem in the gaming community and op 's screenshots are definitely a symptom of that problem .
i 'm out on rotations right now and want to do fm er or psych after graduation .
if i see payton playing in the play-offs i 'm going fucking nuts
honestly guns are fairly setting specific like if we are in the dm 's created world ?
well if you want to put up with a reload process that takes more time to complete than most combat takes total the arquebus canonically exists as a gnomish invention .
small flat rate is like 8 dollars bro ... .just use a normal box
space cop was n't that groundbreaking as youtuber movies go .
but the boys 'll readily admit to that so they 're keepin ' it real .
additionally this is n't what security cameras are for ... they 're for finding people idk stealing or some shit..
his wife passed away but he and his new girlfriend have n't married but are intimate .
anyone participating in active sin should not have an authority position in church .
if you know cps reports have been made ... how many ?
parang more on 1st and 2nd year subjects po yung mga may high mortality ?
i have a client who recently tried and they were denied though they have years of press showing that they are notable .
they 're a medium size bank serving most of the united states .
i do n't know if i did n't show the right pieces of information or what .
i 've been offered the service via dm but i 'm skeptical what do you charge ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barelylegalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's the worst i will take maggot infested smelly wound over bed bugs lice or fleas .
u/grouchy-baker6004 has flair 53 swaps master trader all payment methods
to avoid dealing with banned or unqualified users do not deal with anyone unless they can leave a visible comment on your thread .
once transactions are completed payment has been sent and/or all parties have received their items please follow this guide https www.reddit.com/r/knife_swap/wiki/confirmingatrade to confirm the transaction and increase your count in your flair .
if you believe you have been scammed please fill out this form https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=r/knife_swap subject=i 20think 20i 20have 20been 20scammed message 20username 20of 20the 20person 20scamming 20me 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20the 20thread 20where 20the 20transaction 20originated 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20screenshots 20uploaded 20to 20imgur 20of 20my 20conversations 20with 20the 20scammer 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20an 20explanation 20of 20the 20situation 20 .
please take a moment to review the sub rules .
this is a picture of the knife with your handwritten username and the date to prove you possess the item in question .
at least one photo must include the knife open as well .
your prices should also be in the form of paypal goods and services if you are under 25 flair with any fees included in the price .
if you have over 25 flair all methods of payment are allowed .
all your prices should include the shipping costs unless international shipping is requested by the buyer .
please do not remove prices after an item is sold .
please wrap the item in characters to strike through the text instead .
any want to buy '' threads should use the weekly stickied wtb '' thread .
if you 're looking for a price check please use the stickied still available price check '' thread .
if you 're looking to sell edc gear that 's fine to do here as long as there are more knives in your post than gear in both value and number .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/knife_swap if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly super simple on paper but i would love that power i can imagine just tiying a cinder block to my feet and dropping it over the side of a boat so i can see the deepest part of the sea or hell get up close to an active volcano for shits and giggles
i 've been getting your account is at risk '' messages for about a month for cancelling their bs passenger swaps .
today i got it for arriving too early '' even though the passenger was already opening the car door when i tapped arrived .
it 's not worth getting upset over it eventually they 'll deactivate you for no good reason and there will be nothing you can do about it .
i love that you think this is more insulting to me than embarrassing to you .
or at least a plate she displays in the china cabinet
this video had me clenching my fist because i 've done the exact same thing even seeing the health pot in my inventory and thinking nah i can take him with 0 cloth armor ''
damnit i read it wrong and thought it was most likable ... how do i switch my vote to sc ! ?
but again not every play is an rpo play .
you learn about his planet too there is some decent world building
all moms needs a break and time to stretch .
please repost this question to the weekly short answers https www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/search ? sort=new restrict_sr=on q=flair 3asasq '' thread stickied to the top of the subreddit which will be the best place to get an answer to this question for that reason we have removed your post here .
standalone questions are intended to be seeking detailed comprehensive answers https www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/wiki/rules wiki_scope_and_depth and we ask that questions looking for a name a number a date or time a location the origin of a word the first/last instance of a specific phenomenon or a simple list of examples or facts https www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/wiki/rules wiki_basic_facts be contained to that thread as they are more likely to receive an answer there .
for more information on this rule please see this rules roundtable https www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/g3pdjp/rules_roundtable_ix_the_basics_facts_rule_and .
alternatively if you did n't mean to ask a question seeking a short answer or a list of examples but have a more complex question in mind feel free to repost a reworded question .
examples of questions appropriate for the 'short answers ' thread would be who won the 1932 election ? ''
or what are some famous natural disasters from the past ? '' .
versions more appropriate as standalone questions would be how did fdr win the 1932 election ?
or in your area of expertise how did people deal with natural disasters ? ''
if you need some pointers be sure to check out this rules roundtable https www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/g3pbdv/rules_roundtable_viii_asking_better_questions_to on asking better questions .
finally do n't forget that there are many subreddits on reddit aimed at answering your questions .
consider r/askhistory which has lighter moderation but similar topic matter to r/askhistorians r/explainlikeimfive which is specifically aimed at simple and easily digested answers or r/etymology which focuses on the origins of words and phrases .
we have axs in chi for major venues and w artists like this popular the events sell out 3 to 10 mins as do 2nd dates .
livenation live price hike during purchases and pitch platinum pricing .
creating demand and selling supply marked up too max profits .
got hit on the bare chest by one of these guys through a damn gap in my motorcycle jacket going 100 on the gateway a few weeks ago .
when i got home and took my jacket off it fell out .
safe to say i came out of the situation a bit better than it did .
i wish we 'd try to guard the foul baiting dribbler one on one instead of trapping maxey is a straight up shot maker
how about instead of removing modes that some people like to play you keep them all in and have a tab to select that specific mode
time will tell if aston martin gets better probably people will start praising him again or whatever .
another criticism is his son lance stroll he is not the best and can sometimes be really dumb in a time where you have good drivers without a seat and with the rumours of his meddling in the team being detrimental also what sfznaeur said it does n't give him a good image .
of course the pink mercedes and last year bitching about the low rake car things also do n't help
also help others by upvoting their comments vise versa u/securemarionberry993
casual film reviewers do a much better job in comparison to these youtube and paid critics .
my wife had bret send me a cameo for my birthday and i cried .
i could n't imagine getting an actual text from him 😂
it 's only a war crime if they 're caught and only if their commanding officers care for the rules in the first place .
i highly doubt china would allow their people to be put on trial for war crimes unless they 're completely beaten .
if it gets to that point then we 'll have greater problems globally .
if you 're stuck in the conflict zones then you 're on your own .
no one will guarantee your safety and no rules of law will matter for that moment .
he 's not doing shit you have very budget cameras no hate i have like 14 of these little guys and you are using an iphone which is by nature very challenging to hack these days with frequent updates and any user level experience .
i 'm about sure you 're just paranoid hearing normal clicking from the cams and spotty wyze software .
i doubt your bf is clever enough to do this
sounds like your first red flag of insecurity was him saying he did that to his ex either way i would abandon that relationship because he 's 1 either a liar or 2 very very odd
not gon na lie i thought that guy was david bowie
it 's interesting that there are no new new cards this core like there were for the last core set .
telos blockchain sounds like something you 're looking for .
10,000 transactions per second no front-running and transaction fees about 0.15 lot of projects within defi nfts etc
the max age to enlist in a service branch may be 35 but different missions of service mos can have their own stricter requirements .
the requirements to be a combat pilot are among the strictest in the whole us military .
the training takes so long and is so expensive they do n't want to put anybody in the pipeline who 's likely to have a short career as a pilot because of medical conditions or being older when they start .
drone pilot you could maybe do especially for the army but manned fighter berths are insanely selective .
this is a necessary perspective so thank u for it
subscribe to anicant sayori best girl and joe your fat
yta you are in the background of the picture not even upfront .
i highly doubt it would have messed up your career unless you are a famous celebrity and even then unlikely .
i get it you did n't like how you looked but i doubt anyone really was paying attention to you in the background .
the fact that you had her account hacked is just ridiculous .
i dunno maybe it 's a cultural thing but i would not react positively to a pizza guy asking me any personal questions either .
do n't fuckin ask me about the people in my house or what we are doing .
i 'd probably land more on the awkward side rather than hostile but i certainly would n't politely answer his questions .
tell me what a raspberry beret looks like then .
if you can reset your password you should be able to reconnect all services with no problem .
you 'll lose the synced copy of any firefox sync data but you 'd still have local copies .
if you ca n't reset the password contact the vpn team at fxasupport mozilla.com and see if they can either fix your account or transfer your service to a new account .
i 've seen people say the english is coming around in may
0 was my first time and i could n't get 18
but if let 's say r24 for the ones i managed to get
i think it 's natural to look back at our first couple of seasons with trepidation .
tbh though the map i hated the most was not even a perm map .
it 's that dark corner on new street with all those enraged rapists °~°
memes up my ass but idk what meme im scared..
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/freeonlyfanspromotion if you have any questions or concerns .
i literally do n't know what anything sounds like in the sims .
i keep every game i play muted unless it is voice acted .
usually it 's someone being problematic but trying to ask for grace by saying i 'm one of the good guys !
but also consider that a full battery has less range than an ice car 's full gas tank .
with that being said it is still cheaper than gas roughly 1/3 of the price of gas when i did the math before using dollar per mile .
right shoo the skunk in the basement which will release every bit of the stink which will never go away .
one time at work a woman asked me to help her bring in some boxes of books .
my male manager said he would do it she said no i want her to help me. he was taken aback i was overjoyed .
she had quite a nice suit on and we discussed books together for a while .
i swear she was flirting with me but maybe i was just hopeful .
and they are gon na be shady bullies about charging your card periodically anyway after you cancel .
them having your personal data is also really bad for identity theft at best they sell your personal data .
i agree and understand that it is to help you get it and keep up there but it gives you a fake result .
visible in the moment yes however when using suction you are not applying upward pressure that actually engages the muscles that one needs to achieve a more defined face over time and to have strong enough muscles to keep it up there when you are asleep which is 33 of your life .
you can not train yourself to maintain suction in your sleep .
suction is a crutch that although allows you to keep it up there prevents you from receiving long-term benefits .
his eyebrows sit completely different on his face now it looks like he 's sad but i think that 's literally just his resting face now .
watching a few episodes from season 17 and he almost looks like a completely different person now not just because of ageing !
i remember my cousins always had all the good games and this is one we played non stop
yeh he 's from steins gate it 's very good give it a watch !
i completed all of my catalysts but two to see if it would help but it did n't .
it dropped for me out of a nightfall do n't remember what difficulty but it was either gm or the 2nd easiest hero ?
if you end up getting it and want to grind out the catalyst hit me up on here and we 'll get it done super quick .
green mile really was about well should of been about a 14 year old child .
i always thought this was funny because it reads like a a goddamn science textbook but epic
sit in 50/50 until the other guy has questioned his entire life .
that wont stop fans to teorize x guy is x character father cause it needs a power up even tho sanji just had an arch about not accepting blood relater power ups
if so message me to confirm and ill start a group
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
they feel so light and nice while evening out my skin tone .
quick to put on in the morning with my fingers and great for everyday natural wear !
i get the frustrations with the game but the pessimism is just depressing .
you have to unlock your elite specialization traitline s that 'd be a good place to start !
i 'd say you 're better off keeping the old account and making a new character on it if you still have old characters do not delete your eldest .
you 're so young you look like you 're right out of the showroom .
measures that work well enough for flu do n't work well enough for covid .
this is about how easy it is to catch if .
i think there 's a big difference between an obgyn and a sex therapist .
an obgyn is really only concerned with and trained for the health of your reproductive organs .
i 'd start with a visit to your gp for a referral to a sex therapist or someone they think can help and is trained to deal with issues and concerns like the one you have .
remember too for you it might he embarrassing but for a doctor it 's just another wednesday .
yeah i 've been through all this many times ... was hoping to learn more about rhizo
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
i think it 's convenience mostly if you 're going to get something why not get the best best priced .
or even just familiarity get what you know which is going to be the most marketed of course .
really i think the options for the conscientious consumer is to use and promote alts or become a pirate .
how is that being done specifically and attributed to individual devices/owners ?
i do n't know much about his circle honestly .
grew up on the wii nunchucks lego sw baby and switched to x1 about 6 years ago .
i 've never really played on pc so all the buttons under my left hand feel so foreign to me
the problem is n't that jagex sells gold through bonds dubious but legal the problem is that jagex would have to prove in court that jed lost them that money and derived monetary gain himself at which point osrs gold is not legally an in-game item but instead a virtual currency which as i understand it is much more highly regulated in the uk .
if the players can sell it it has real world value .
surprised this does n't also mention they have a little stinger located on their side and that theu are venomous .
we have to be there by around 10:00 he says
this was absolute bullshit and i hope the couple sues .
u wan na be on a poster or u want the cat on the poster
it looks like you did n't bleach your hair before dying correct me if i 'm wrong .
if this is the case almost every semi permanent dye is going to wash out quicker on your dark natural colour .
if you 're going for longevity you 'll need to bleach or go permanent .
300 a week with 30 minutes daily sexting heavy video or 10 minutes cam 3 days a week♥️
can they not use easter because of its christian background ?
oh death lend me your one attack move once more
awesome that team should be able to do orochi and maybe secret zone as well ?
although i personally feel south park stopped beeing funny a long time ago
just be there for him and try to follow what he wants nothing should change and you should make your husband be more supportive
you may still want to avoid a blind proposal depending both of your personalities .
my husband had hinted around and took me to a jewelry store we happened '' by and things like that so i knew he would eventually propose and i was excited about that but when he did at an end of a date i just froze and stared .
apparently i do n't like to make large scary lifelong commitment decisions even if it is one obvious to me .
i basically had to go through a choose your own adventure of should i get married before i finally answered .
does not compute do i want to be in a relationship with this guy ?
yes can i see my older self in a relationship with this guy ?
yes and it is a sweet old romantic couple do i have anything that concerns me about being in a relationship '' no would i be upset if he was n't here '' that would be awful how do i feel about living with him ?
i really wish there was a way to just level up a relationship without being put on the spot and needing to commit .
i am very happy with him but if he asked today after like 16 years together i would probably still stare at him .
at least he understands that i do n't hate the idea but i need time to warm up to making a decision .
same thing to quiting my job and trying to start my own business or our discussion about moving to a new town after he finishes his masters .
we talked about moving for about 3 years and i just really warmed up to it this past month and started to get excited .
if their intention is to rat out their team mates cause they 're a dick survivor i tunnel .
if their team mates are just hiding in bushes lockers or dropping pallets ruining it for their team mates i 'll let them escape .
no one wants to deal with shit team mates .
no but it makes it can not be played around and is a positive elixir trade .
i main titan and the other class that 's not warlock .
thankfully i got a phone call from her at about 3 am her time that she was fine and had been out in jaffa at the time of the incident !
this is the first time seeing someone with a soul reaver icon .
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/innocentlynaughty if you have any questions or concerns .
we are looking for true tales of 'that one time that i was slutty ' and specific experiences rather than general tendencies or mere fantasies . ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sluttyconfessions if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's what i do n't get this assumption that we would n't be moral were it not for religion .
if that 's the case we got bigger problems .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
why has nestle been caught using more water than they paid for multiple times if they felt so strongly about it ?
why did nestle continue to pump water from california during one of their most severe droughts ?
and why are you defending an evil ass corporation like nestle ?
i know this is unoriginal but ... we need the pachimari skin back !
i actually have a dog that looks just like that with black spots that cover both eyes and stretch back near the ears while the rest of the fur on his body is mostly white with small black dashes here and there .
i signed up for a tourney at a convention using how hard could it be ? ''
got lapped so hard that no item in the world could have saved me
we actually saw him struggling with the burden of leading his family having a complicated relationship with his mother and siblings having an actual relationship before finding his true love being torn between duty and desire .
book anthony is a regular overbearing hr hero imo nothing particularly special about him .
he is annoying misogynistic and pushy like most hr heroes .
i enjoyed the book for what it was a quick easy romance but book fans tend to overrate the hell outta it .
hi u/chloerosemay we 've recently launched a brand new community just for couples exhibitionism content r/nofanscouples .
we have transitioned all of our couples posts to this new community and now no longer accept mf images here at r/nofans .
please post this image at r/nofanscouples instead this post has been removed .
if you are already verified with us here on r/nofans we can carry this status across with you to the new community as well just reach out to us via modmail after posting on r/nofanscouples and let us know .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nofans if you have any questions or concerns .
hi man thanks for takning interest in my post it makes my day i love it im so hgappy rihgt now thanks
and with strict textual reading the definition of militia is n't relevant b/c heller ruling in no way scopes 2a based on any definition of militia .
nothing about that was intended as an individual right granted by the constitution
unless the understanding of militia at the time was referencing individuals .
which is kind of relevant to the question i 've been asking for the past five hours .
again i do n't think the founders had a specific view on a definition of militia that they all were aligned on beyond a colloquial understanding of the term .
i am turning 22 this year around 16-18 i had the idea all my problems would go away if i got what i wanted in life .
turned out it 's literally the same maybe worse no matter the position i 'm in .
it always seemed like the most backwards bullshit though .
come to smilton where we will hundred percent move you to a shittier hotel even though you planned this a month ago if a shiny member asks us to .
also do n't forget to reach shiniest status where you can become gigakaren mcjerkface and force others to give you their room because you 're shit at planning ahead . ''
like why would anyone but assholes be loyal to a brand like that ?
it will go raptors heat bucks road to the finals .
i hate admitting to that and i have n't heard anyone else really bring it up .
but yeah the acting really just is n't as strong ...
i feel like either of the actors you mentioned could have elevated the material significantly .
looking back at chibnalls moffat and davies era scripts l think the actors performance and the chemistry thats already there went a long way in still making the stories at least entertaining .
like i actually do n't mind 42 or dinosaurs on a spaceship
man i wish i could laugh at anything and everything like most normal '' people lol
i love how all of these sound like horror stories ... . that person who 's been there seven years should be paid more !
wait a minute. you did n't want a dog .
you do n't know that the boyfriend will let it go neglected .
he might immediately take up with some woman who is dog crazy .
if you 're over the boyfriend move out the dog is not your responsibility .
i think it 's wonderful that he wants to cover so much of your costs and absolutely beautiful that you both want to support each other and the relationship .
i think it 's important that you both feel it 's shared fairly .
as you said balanced ... . but balance does n't have to be numerically equal .
to me the important thing is that you 're both completely comfortable with it and continue to communicate otherwise such agreements that felt really good at the time can turn into resentment .
i think you should cover some of the expenses even if very minor but i think the symbolism is important .
you both need to feel you 're contributing fairly if not equally ... . it sounds like you 're in a really good situation and good luck to both of you !
ok i just had to go deal with toddler and puppy for half an hour i had to leave while this nice older gentleman was starting to explain how he met planerider ryn .
i eat around 1600 calories a day mix of veggies protein and a small amount of carbs only 1 meal a day .
i have n't changed my eating habits for the past 3 months since i started eating better so i doubt it 's that .
re zero seems to be common for one 's people did n't like to much
i would n't have bet on quick making that save on kane
they do n't accept payment for their order flow but they still route the majority of their orders to citadel .
hello spartangamingtw and thank you for your submission to gaming pc !
if you are new please check out our rules over at the wiki here https www.reddit.com/r/gamingpc/wiki/rules !
we have recently added the useful feature of title flair !
you can set this manually by clicking flair under your post once you have submitted your post but if you missed it in the rules there is a much better way that will automatically flair your post !
to do this simply add what your post is about in brackets before your title .
for example for a build log you can type build log before your post so that it looks like this build log my new awesome build ! and the bot will automatically set your flair to build log !
this works for build log build showcase news hardware news hardware release discussion and miscellaneous !
also remember that this is a place for discussing and sharing our love of gaming computers !
this is not the place for help building or determining what parts you should buy that is better suited for r/buildapc .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gamingpc if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm a little biased because i absolutely loved metal masters so ima say julian
but ignore anyone that says the fat melts down into the meat
... i 'm assuming it 's actually a tiny embedded image though
bass house eg diamonds with julian jordan and tinie tempah progressive festival wo n't let you go with matisse and sadko electro house follow with zedd house ytram releases reboot with vluarr
i turned 200 to 27k in a day and back to 1000 within 4 months of holding .
3 years later and the price consolidates at the same level .
the episode that was all about carol making soup .
i hung on through so many lackluster episodes but the soup episode was just too stupid and really made me realize that the show had lost basically all of its magic .
not every man cares to be masculine and not everyone 's masculinity is fragile enough to be crushed by a little flower
i reply back to people who reply to me .
this recruit committing to you guys does n't make you guys any more relevant than michigan
yup ... the conclusion is that ashes cricket 2017 is the best cricket game ever made ... ..
two dudes in the background just staring at this shit
one thing the op hasnt mentioned is how many hours he has on controller other than apex .
this is a very important point as he might have had 1000 of hours on other fps games on a controller .
i 'd imagine viewing a 3d shape from a 4th dimensional perspective as not too different or more remarkable than us viewing a 2d image .
carl sagan has a great video on 4th dimensional shenanigans .
the restaurants in charleston do what they do well .
red states are anti worker and anti union guessing the teacher is sol .
if you talk to the hy-vee liquor manager they might be able to do special orders .
she '' has been blocked and his privacy settings have been strengthened .
then how the heck do i get shield flower and sword flower because i got the tasks for them
agreed on stp and it looks like they 've already changed it
safekeeper being mb can be good but it depends on your meta and how much white is in it .
grazer is the best budget replacement to mox for a few reasons .
first it puts more lands into play which is very important for a deck like this .
petal is baaaad in a slow combo deck like this .
ouat is a great card in this deck and i used to play 4x all the time but it 's not even close to what you put in to a vacant mox slot .
u/shirayuki_no_art by trading in r/giftcardexchange you agree to read the information below
these are known scammers who will steal your money .
you will definitely receive messages from them komusoblaze https www.reddit.com/user/komusoblaze ! !
search your trading partner on the universal scammer list usl https universalscammerlist.com/search.php ? username .
do not include the u part of their username when searching .
only trade with someone that leaves a comment on your post .
visually confirm they left a comment on your post by clicking on your post and scrolling down .
this is because even though previously banned scammers ca n't comment on posts in r/giftcardexchange they use tricks to make their direct messages look like post comments in your inbox .
click here https www.reddit.com/r/giftcardexchange/comments/n7iumb/new_automated_flair_process_is_now_online_please to learn how to confirm transactions leave feedback and increase your flair score .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/giftcardexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
i have the matching set was n't super impressed .
if i could 've returned them i probably would have .
i 'm not big on floral flavors in general .
like rose and orange blossom i 'm not big on either they very easily hijack and overpower other flavors .
ich kann dir empfehlen ein konzept auf papier zu erarbeiten und mit solchen sachen wie sitemap zu ergänzen .
jemand muss dem entwickler sagen wie er das zu bauen hat .
competition will keep on increasing every cycle unfortunately unless there 's a saturation in your field
12700k is faster and better upgrade path with the future 13700k/13900k .
14th gen is a longshot but i suppose there 's a chance i dunno if anyone knows for sure yet .
i was a bit passive aggressive and said something like that 's great !
you 're built perfectly for it i 'm too tall and muscly to go fast '' but i do n't think he got the jibe to be honest .
he said he did it in 1:09 and i thought that was very fast but then i guess 10 minutes off world record time is quite far seconds are a big deal at that level .
not that i really care about the details i was super happy for their times just a bit flummoxed by his attitude .
personally i 'd probably retire if i got sub 1:30 i do n't like running that much d
jesus christ there is so many rasist comments in here
why do we have coconuts when they are n't on trees ?
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
if those are lemon then i wish life would have me a couple
clith row they have a famously unintelligible local yokel accent .
ma gandesc ca sevrajul apare cand ai bagat o sticla de whiskey pe zi si asta de ani buni eu n-am ajuns acolo iar definitia alcoolicului e relativa cand esti alcoolic ?
cand cazi de pe scaun dupa o bere sau cand pleci pe picioarele tale dupa o sicla de whiskey ?
thank you for your submission on r/nft join us on discord https discord.gg/yc6e4phwsa for live discussion on everything nfts and to share buy/sell your nfts !
join r/nft on urbit at ronseg-hacsym/digital-alchemy for the p2p privacy minded get a ship https azimuth.shop
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nft if you have any questions or concerns .
well you did give some sound advise bro you got my upvote too 👍
assault rifle a classification of firearm used to describe rifle caliber firearms commonly in the carbine form factor with the select fire feature containing both a semi auto and full auto firing patterns though it was common to see a burst pattern among the selection this classification is used almost exclusively in military and surplus contexts as in the us it is illegal to own modern full auto firearms
the first firearm to match this classification was a russian rifle in a long gun form factor it was created shortly after the introduction of the m1 garand
armalite rifles are not classified as assault rifles but are often associated with the classification due to their chosen abbreviation ar this association has in all likelihood increased interest in armalites selection of firearms
i loved how training was cancelled if it was colder than 30 degrees but ya know they would make sure we left at 20 to 29 .
always wanted to make sure us infantry boys were ready for a war in siberia .
can you upload a picture of your concern maybe to imgur and link it ?
the only other thing i 'd ask is what holds this thing together ?
chins chew their hides more than any of those other pets so nails and screws are tooth hazards to them more than to other critters .
kiln dried pine is the right type of wood but the descriptors say nothing about the fastenings .
i see screwplates to hold it to the cage bars those im not worried about so much as they are stable sunk in and are n't in chewlikely positions .
upvote the post and leave us a follow https linktr.ee/ethernalguitars
i 'll start writing titles now so i can be ready
in main games its ok here in poma a free unit is the best poison type .
if you really love the idea of having a child you could always try to adopt .
i was a hawaiian hula performer.. you would n't believe how often stuff like this happens.. or how often i 'd be reprimanded for being out of step '' to avoid a child .. unless at a child 's party where it 's expected '' but we are told to keep our distance.. yah..ok..
most dancers/preformers are more than happy to safely let your child touch the costume or instrument they are using and take pictures when they are done .
thanks for presenting my thoughts into a well worded comment .
the dd '' is just a splintered mess that not one ape has successfully connected at the same time
anyone can beat anyone on one night with the help of refs
oh my gosh that is an awful picture of his hoof 😂
thankfully it does n't look like that in real life
hodl 0.25bnb worth of pokelon bscchain tokens to qualify for daily nftgiveaways and get a chance to win one of these awesome holo nft .
it 's only going to be an occasional thing .. emails will be sent out on mondays and when they are able too they will be sent out on thursdays also .
according to a statement from them they are trying to ramp up shipments of decks .. more in the mondays batches and when they are able too as stock allows they will be on occasion do a thursday email run from time to time .
the fact that speels like eldritch blast that target creatures ca n't be shoot towards objects or just something that isnt a creature .
so people are not allowed to sleep around when they 're young and then decide they want a serious relationship down the line ?
people grow up and change how they value things .
it 's one of the biggest changes you have getting older .
if they were treated like traditional women '' were they 'd be getting punched in the face for not having dinner ready .
let 's not argue over traditional values '' here because men lose every single time .
more info f24 had lupus for 9 years but only diagnosed and on hcq for 6 months because of diagnosis problems .
my main symptoms are ra fatigue skin rashes ibs symptoms brain fog and confusion muscle and joint pain pleurisy mouth ulcers and hair loss
i wrote my comment thinking op was somewhere overseas but if this is the us or another developed country it 's totally unacceptable .
if it 's a developing country though the norms around personal space are often different so they may not understand why it 's making her uncomfortable
is it true that finch was upset that pop decided to play defense on edwards preventing the 50pts ?
i like finch tho he 's one of the coaches that should be in the conversation for coty because of what the wolves accomplished this season .
he 's not gon na win it but he should be at least mentioned
i ca n't remember the specifics of plot points but i can remember some of the characters .
you can though in theory set whatever exchange rate you can .
if 1 eur 1 rub then let 's say the price for natural gas is 100 euros m3 great you only have to pay 100 rubles for that .
or you can refuse to pay in rubles and pay in euros instead anyway however it does n't give you extra income in rubles .
edit the fact that people ca n't decide the value of ruble now will only hurt the economy in longer term .
if the only things of value you have are being sold for less than market value i do n't see how any country can survive that long term .
yes cichlids hurt af definitely when they are protecting there e
sst is a ticker with citadel as the main holder .
i bet you 'd want to exclude a homosexual 1 or trans person too .
conservatives whine about cancel culture but they 're the ones doing the canceling .
also how do you accidentally see your wife 's friend 's adult videos if you are n't watching adult videos ?
head kicks are best two points if i 'm correct just do n't actually make contact.it 's not allowed
there 's always only been one main character you .
sure there was a young havoc officer that existed just like there was a crafty imperial agent and even an emperor 's wrath but those are all just npcs in relation to any story but their own .
he 's there he 's just so small it 's difficult to see him .
who even has a cv in that industry when you are the daughter of someone important to the company/organization ?
why do you think chinese to english translators are made so much fun of .
for purely linguistic reasons i asked for salt and vinegar not vinegar and salt .
it 's strange but i remember hearing people saying it state-side back in the late 70 's early 80 's .
let 's be charitable and call it 'authoritarianism . '
which is strange to me because heinlein seems to be the favorite sci-fi author of boomer-aged libertarians .
you can now buy a refurbished one from directv for 50 .
yeah its like arguing with a wall right now .
you need this to slay the evil wizard in the dungeon on level 7
just could n't give a fuck about your opinion on trans people .
i honestly misread the text but predicted your opinion by the way you react to hair on a female leg .
i 'm delicate with them when reading because i do n't want them to fall apart ...
but i do n't see the point of being an 80 year old man one day with a cosmere leatherbound collection i 've never touched .
if they get a tiny bit worn it will just show how much i loved them .
please read the subs rules and check out our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/medical/wiki/index as it goes more in depth about different topics as well as other informative advice/resources .
if they 're any comments under this post that violate rule 3 community safety please report them .
remember to stay on topic and not make jokes towards the op or each other .
reminder if you think what you 're experiencing is an emergency then get off reddit and call 911 or go to your local hospital ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/medical if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd say that the most popular softwares are gimp inkscape and illustrator .
if so those tracks were banned because there were loads of bad low effort redesigns coming out especially when f1 raced there .
and i like rovals as well there 's lots of interesting things you can do with them .
ca n't wait to see what you come up with !
i ca n't remember it was in a speech though not sure if it was in ceremony or reception
u might at we 'll be done with everything around u .u have n't noticed prices going up everywhere ?
bruh do n't that shit lewd as hell and if you want to use your phone in a public place you 're gon na get judged .
but a phobia is such a fear which is debilitating to a person .
a truly transphobic person would have a panic attack or run away screaming from a trans person if they were transphobic .
maybe you need to make up a new word ?
he definitely has something to hide no one reacts that way just because you emptied the pockets .
one time i forgot to empty my husbands pockets and actually washed his wallet ... 😅
get cameras up outside your door and your area .
get a lawyervand take her to civil court for harassment .
i know you git raped sweaty but there are starving kids in africa dying of covid without vaccines stop complaining '' .
had an idea in my head and went with it .
i get it you do n't handle nuance well .
i concede your lord and savior lebron is perfect .
feel free to use paint brushes gift ribbon to tie me up or even kiss my tiny doll body
sorry had to take down to update some info in the repo .
please feel free to try and report any issues/feedback .
there are many optimizations can be done to improve this
currently using craft detector and server-version of paddle db recognizer for best accuracy .
currently running recognizer on each of the text boxes and merged results into a line .
but the healers are healing skeletons and not the queen .
i could n't see anything between when he jumped and when he got surged back up as you can see in the video
they have but lately it 's more likely to just shatter in an episode
i have had that imprinted onto my subconscious so much thx snickers commercial of the early 2000s that i expect to see it that way and if i see a tattoo with regrets in it legit read it as regerts '' in my mind
yep that 's bullshit and a waste of time .
i 'm especially aware of where my wallet cards are when on a fucking date ...
every now and then got that spicy buster crit .
well by your comment i am guessing you have walked around with your balls in a vise
i 'm not sure where you got that from but no .
but the question was n't do you enjoy wearing a mask or not the question was how are you not living your life
living my life '' in this case means enjoying my life '' .
i can live my life in a prison being tortured since i 'm technically not dead i am living my life '' .
but that does n't mean i want to do that .
nor do i want to wear a mask on my face .
nor do i want to have my balls in a vise .
you want to live your life in a mask go for it if that 's enjoying life '' for you .
yes those clips of andrew were unnecessary and yet did let the viewer draw parallels ...
i have never been to vaishali in my 9 years stay in pune but look at what you just said i would anytime prefer wadeshwar !
mach mit deinen aktien was du willst aber wenn du etfs schwunghandelst hast du sie fundamental nicht verstanden du depp
7 day troll account that is afraid of answering why you think downtown or yellowknife or the culture '' is a shithole
classic hydro one.. give the workers the f150 while the supervisors get the f350s .
not all azov is nazi but even if they were ... nazis defending their own country and it 's vast non-nazi population vs scum nazi invaders .
you got some deficiencies if you ca n't see the difference .
ktp also does not have to mean that you 're all close friends who play dnd .
it just means everyone could sit at the kitchen table together .
not necessarily be friends or anything just sit and chat amicably .
as far as the difference between np and primary partners go i think that can vary person to person .
most people with a nesting partner consider that person their primary .
you tend to share bills responsibility and much more time together so it makes sense .
but having an np that 's not your primary is obviously possible .
possible for some but i would n't say it 's common .
it seems you have previously posted a submission within the past 24 hours so your post has been removed as per the post frequency rule .
please wait 24 hours before submitting a new post .
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfansgirls101 .
i only learned russian in high school and i can read ukrainian and understand it somewhat .
i imagine a native speaker of russian can read ukrainian with no problem .
speaking might be a little different but those two languages are very close .
i mean a few hundred years ago they were just dialects of the same old slavic language .
languages exist on a continuum and linguists say the high level of mutual intelligibility makes them more like dialects .
there are dialects of italian that are more different from each other than russian and ukrainian .
but there are a lot of things you can do to mitigate risk .
i 've caught people trying to break my lock three times but never successfully .
unfortunately your submission cursed_hotness '' has been removed for the following reason s
rule 8 keep it cursed not cursed enough/at all a cursed comment is any comment that strikes the reader into oblivion .
upon seeing a cursed comment your first reaction should be among the lines of what the f k did i just read ?
? while leaving you speechless at the same time .
incomprehension of the comment just read or the blatant gruesomeness of it should be enough to not only make you feel mystified but also to draw a smile on your face .
the comment in your post does not reflect that .
if you have any questions you can message the mod team through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/cursedcomments replies to this removal comment will not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
i was looking here for somewhere to ask about current wait times on bobcat miners .
couodnt find a general discussion and will create a separate post if hijacking yours does n't work .
i almost pulled the trigger 6 months ago but instinct got the better of me and decided to wait to see how things improved .
see how the marbling on the bottom stops abruptly at the line ?
if you look closely down that center line you will see that it has a slight shimmer to it .
that 's why the term silver skin is popular .
i thought more people would at least read the first line of the text .
however despite the anger i 've experienced here i 've received some good information and i 'm grateful for it .
thank you for taking the time to read my post by the way even if you did n't read the whole thing i appreciate you being here .
yea an adjustment especially if you 're very used to wirebugs
personally think its one of dededes best moves for a few reasons .
it needs to be in big name news first .
it 'd be great if someone could bring it to their attention .
you see the heat uhhh uhhh sterilizes the dishes so you do n't even have to clean them !
after all nothing can survive 350f so all the bacteria will be dead and it 'll be safe !
i do this all the time ... if i like the drip ..i compliment ... regardless of gender
you must commit 100 to jesus his every word to receive this .
jesus answered and said unto him if a man love me he will keep my words and my father will love him and we will come unto him and make our abode with him***. john 14 🕆
u/justsomeaudioguy i have no idea how much if any pull you have in this regard and i imagine everyone on your end already knows it 's a good product ... but look how much the fans love that camera !
people that think it is are the reason it wo n't go away .
i have had therapy on and off for years but nobody told me that strategy .
ugh i ca n't wait to try it have n't seen it in my area yet !
i think it 's kinda more the fact that yes hydra and tantrum were using their weapons hydra was still using it damaged ... .
they 're living in downtown austin and supposedly in their 20 's .
they absolutely have access to all the drugs could be anything 😂
pls upvote some of my other comments plz plz plz
you said artwork which can be way more creative and break more rules than graphic design .
are you truly making an art piece or talking about a logo or something else ?
i used to produce diagrams like this on cad systems for upac .
we 'd do diagrams that also had switching to other lines .
not to scale but an easy way to figure out what was coming up .
my dad once let me take a sip of his beer when i was a kid .
the look of revulsion on my face i 'm sure was priceless .
now i love the stuff so much i make my own .
dead hard can save your ass or have zero effect .
streamers have lots of documented cases on youtube of dead hard having no effect whatsoever because they anticipate it wait for them to waste it and then get the hit/down .
yes killers are faster than survivors dead hard is there to give the survivor a narrow chance to escape .
you write a lot and have a shitty attitude yet you say nothing of worth .
they even speak for their wives my wife would have done this or that like bro probs not it 's so different when you 're in the moment
tv status finished episodes 12 genres comedy drama romance slice of life
i give him less than a week in prison before he falls in the shower and dies accidentally .
they escaped and there is a good amount of evidence while none of it is absolutely rock solid no pun intended is enough to reasonably convince me they made it to land .
a group from i think nat geo was able to make it to shore during a specific time and proved that it was possible to make it .
not familiar with them but i know several patients that used leafwell.com https leafwell.com and had a good experience .
i ca n't get over the fact that he still wears that awful beard .
i also prefer women more than men generally but i 'm still bi !
as long as you like more than one gender you 're part of the club
the cat being surprised that bratting backfired is pretty accurate to you love
i understand your point but please try to understand that we outsiders '' are just glad to take your side even if we misspell your city .
it hurts losing a friend like portillo but he lasted until he was 17 .
greg gave him 16 good years and was rewarded with a loving friend during the times where he needed it the most .
you lost a companion and a friend it 's natural to feel upset .
but never forget how long you had him in your life for you gave him the best possible life and spoiled him as much as you could .
he 'll live on in your memory forever as the greatest friend you could have asked for .
you were a good friend to him and that 's all you could be his best friend .
it 's a simpler song of theirs but it 's really well put together .
at some point r/fuckcars is full of amogus at 4 height and 3 width without pixels on the back each consuming a parking slot .
not sure if you pick up that kind of variant .
i just want her to have a real character arc before she dies i personally would n't have a problem if she 's given substantial time in the story not like higuruma or mai or junpei or riko like nanami or todo and is then used as the sacrificial chip .
also i think sukuna using tsumiki as a bargaining chip does n't automatically mean that she 'll die .
sukuna 's crazy obviously but he oddly seems like someone who 's a man of his word .
cant remember anytime where he 's acted in a dishonorable way or anything .
good thing i know you do n't mean everything you say .
they turned amogus into a real dance ... the bastards ... they finally did it ...
nah let me be a billionaire instead of infj .
it would certainly come down to either the inquisitor or the custodian .
the inquisition is outside of the jurisdiction of nearly every body of the imperium and would therefore easily trump the authority of the astra militarum general or the rogue trader .
that being said i think the custodian would win out simply because the inquisitor would not want to fuck with him .
although i would suggest checking benin liberia and morocco .
it will sometimes tell you to run it as credit but you actually have to run it as debit .
it 's the chains/store fraud protection and not ic related so the app does n't know .
or at least switch between them in the day how i feel !
i had to reread that because i did n't get it at all the first time .
when bryce was making hot dog jokes while their lives were on the line and hunt 's power did n't work and he was like da f*ck😳🤨 🤣🤣 i love them so much
also i should edit the connections to solidious i got the adopted person wrong for raiden
you would need to freeze it and then roll it into balls kind of like scooping ice cream .
dude the gdp produced has nothing to do with democrats or republicans that just means there are probably more educated people in rolls that require more education so those jobs pay more .
and the more educated the people are the more likely that they are liberal .
you also cherry picked a few nice topics that really mean nothing .
those are little local measures that only effect the people in those areas .
so democrats pass laws that protect the rights of people living in their states .
and by a few nice topics you mean workplace protections smoking bans environmental protections civil rights protections and progressive taxation .
we still do n't have affordable access to healthcare we do n't have good job placement programs we do n't have good infrastructure we have n't figured out how to evenly spread the wealth around
the affordable care act currently provides insurance to 31 million https www.hhs.gov/about/news/2021/06/05/new-hhs-data-show-more-americans-than-ever-have-health-coverage-through-affordable-care-act.html americans and the number of uninsured has dropped from 48 million in 2010 to 28 million .
biden passed a 1.1 trillion infrastructure bill and 1.7 trillion in covid relief but i guess 2.8 trillion is nothing .
we have high crime rates a widening gap between the rich and the poor a housing market that has exploded our economy is crumbling the epa laws that trump overturned have just stayed overturned .
and democrats without a solid majority have no ability to pass laws to address these issues .
by at the local level they are as proven by the data i linked .
yes democrats are leagues better than the fascists on the right but no they still do n't actually care about the people or we would n't have people like pelosi who refuse to stop insider trading and end up making millions a year in a job that pays thousands .
nancy pelosi is supporting legislation https www.cnbc.com/2022/02/09/congress-moves-towards-banning-members-from-trading-stocks.html to ban the trading of stocks by members of congress .
it 's upsetting that trying to be more environmentally friendly is punished vs rewarded .
i live on top of a mountain 20 miles from the city .
our new neighbors ' drive way is literally a switch back .
already have mm and not looking for fishscale unfortunately .
got anything else or are you open to buying ?
if you want to help out our wonderful team please apply at https apply.rpan.co.uk
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redditinthekitchen if you have any questions or concerns .
i agree i accept that it happens but i wish people would n't force the evolution of language as much as they do .
why ca n't we just let trashy behavior stay trashy but accept that it 's not a moral failing and enjoy society being more tolerant ?
moral lesson talaga para sa lahat ay gumamit ng contraceptives regardless kung may dalaw o wala if di pa ready or no intention to have children pinakasafe way and also guilt-free .
katakot lang kasi rito walang safe access sa abortion unfortunately .
if they let people go around looking for free leaves on the ground they 'd lose sales .
it 's why supermarkets do n't just give away barely expired food .
mines the same anyone turn there 's in for warranty work for this issue .
the fact he was the first person vote out of thailand of all seasons should have been enough warning
something that helped me was making sure i grab filets by their rough side up then dip press rough up flip then set into transfer pan for me .
other than that spend some time watching the fast ones .
i highly doubt he is not playing hardball and wo n't negotiate in season .
playing 112games only twice only having 27 hr 's twice in six total seasons does n't add up to 9y/30m aav .
wo n't have any other option and hopefully parlay it into far more value .
i think they 'll overpay to keep him but if he want to bet on his injury prone oversized self god bless him lol more he 's risking if you really think on it .
gets hurt and loses trade value then what ? ! ?
howie is hungry and wayne jokes he might try to get some of the soft serve they have in the press box then maj dropped some sort of windscreen for the mikes .
mostly i just do things like this for myself .
if it could help someone who needed to know the weird things i know i 'm okay with that .
what i do like is to learn about things i know nothing about .
weird i always used these for lobster growing up too .
apparently we 're using them wrong up in new england .
her abs resemble a face hugger and it 's making me uncomfy
you wishing that was true does n't change the law or the legal elements of murder .
personally i would love to see red but it 's a hard choice
endless ranks of the dead https c1.scryfall.com/file/scryfall-cards/normal/front/1/5/155ae16c-f32b-421d-a92a-bf13d9f32891.jpg ? 1637630179 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=endless 20ranks 20of 20the 20dead sf https scryfall.com/card/mic/116/endless-ranks-of-the-dead ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/155ae16c-f32b-421d-a92a-bf13d9f32891 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text
since you took the loan out you should pay your loan .
i took a loan out it my responsibility to pay it back .
i found about 60 rounds of the a brand buck and around 20 bird of aguila
i 've come across so many people attempting to make lore videos with the soft tone of voice and none have come close
can i trade you all three for hawlucha and your shiny ho oh ?
you can pick one more shiny from my list if you 'd wish
ist eine andere frage als would you fight to defend against an invasion of your country ?
do n't need to restart just wait until you get a larval tear and beat rennala and then respec to put more into str and dex and get your vigor to 40-50
what would be the best prayers to say in a situation like this ?
hey dude you know that baby boy you just had ?
also team up with r/deathgrips next time and make the money store album cover
i play on xbox how do you guys make those walk ways that wide and two different colors ?
click here to message op http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=-oneeyewilly subject=gbr4r 20response
the comments on all r/gbr4r posts are now locked due to spam selling and pm me '' comments .
we do not lock the comments on posts with the meta tag so if you want to make a post discussing the state of the subreddit please post with the meta tag .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gbr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's like the idiots when you check a 100 bill .
i do n't play around with the suedophed sales you can get in big trouble and its not worth it .
in my state an id is n't valid for those purchases if it 's damaged i have refused sale and then got a lecture from my sm because of complaints even though i was following the law .
you also ca n't buy for someone else and i have turned those down many times .
unless your state has some law saying you have to sell it you can refuse any sale you do n't feel comfortable with .
i do n't remember what caused it but i had something along the lines happen to me in i think s4 ?
i hit the jump tower then all of a sudden respawn ship hits me and i went flying into the skybox .
still waiting for my money tree to grow money .
it was used as a symbol of good luck and mine got me my kick-ass job .
now said job has me staying at a hotel for potentially the next 6 months far away from my plant babies .
do i hit up home depot and get myself a plant ?
go see the sandy beaches along the northumberland straight one day .
then head down towards fundy park the other day .
federicton is a nice place to spend some time .
i was going off of the parks and rec reference in the comment i replied to .
i assumed they were referring to the you undercook fish ?
it was a toss up between my reply and we have the best members in the world because of high fives '' riffing on you make an appointment with the dentist and you do n't show up believe it or not jail right away .
we have the best patients in the world because of jail . ''
whenever i make gay jokes around my straight friends and they take me seriously or they do n't play along .
also i 'm a natural flirt and will playfully do it to my friends no matter their gender but whenever i do it to a straight girl they act like i actually like them .
where are people finding the friends that will run with jokes no matter how absurd and flirt back😭 i even had someone i came out to say i 'm cool as long as you do n't like me ... ''
who said i was coming out to you and confessing my feelings ?
what happened when a frog parked it 's car in a no parking .
so he asked them why they were not at the event therefor putting in writing that they were part of his campaign event .
it 's a tv show and i do n't think i 've ever had someone actually get where it 's from except my husband .
the reactions of those around me are always less than amused .
there 's not a second season those are just alternatives names .
i mean tbf it is shown that she is very manipulative like whenever she requests something from the traveler she goes about it in a round about way where she conceals her motives the traveler just so happens to be able to just push past through all the bs .
also based on her interactions with npcs she does n't really put on the same face as with the traveler .
given that she is in a high ranking position no one thinks to question it .
the only other person in inazuma that seems wise to yae 's trick is the shogun which would makes sense since she has dealt with her before .
i mean she 's an asshole for sure however if the criticism is why is the traveler the only one distrusting of her '' well it 's because she 's an expert manipulator .
and tbh i may not like her as a person definitely not someone that i do n't want to associate in rl but i like her character since we 'll she makes sense in a way where her motivations are always born of self interest however her methods are aligned in a way that tries to also satisfy some interest of the person she 's manipulating because that 's her best play .
as an example most people in the yae publishing house fawn over her saying that she 's a supportive boss and everything and well why would n't she ?
if she wanted to maximize the effectiveness of her business it would only serve her if she keeps the people under her motivated .
i do n't think so however she does it because she knows that 's her best plan to get what she wants which is a successful business driven by a highly motivated and productive workforce .
also with the case of klee wanting to publish her story she found a way to still accommodate it not out of generosity but because she sees it as a way to boost the sales of something she was already publishing by giving it a new marketing angle .
she did n't have to but she did because she saw a net benefit and also garner some goodwill with those around her .
i guess what i 'm trying to say is she 's not malicious but she is self serving .
and in most cases she tries to angle her plans in a way that aligns with everyone else 's interest because she knows the best way to get them to do what you want is to have them want it themselves .
i think at that scale insurance does n't apply it 's help eachother survive .
that was a well worded response and i can see what you 're going for .
in this case however i think choosing two fantastical villains from batman 's rogue 's gallery would be a mistake .
i would say there are more plausible villains that would stay true to their powers and characteristics .
these two are on the line between plausibly grounded and fantastical .
reeves could do great things with these characters and there are stories behind them .
thank god the police were there to stop this incredibly violent disruptive deadly protest .
these four are so horrible that no child should ever have to see such undisciplined marauder 's desecrating property .
i 've got a pair of riding shoes hi-top style and a pair of full height boots .
if i 'm just going on a leisurely ride i 'll wear the shoes and if i 'm doing more spirited or off-road riding i wear the full boots .
if you 're going to get one pair i 'd go for the one that offers the most protection .
então porque eu achei as pessoas de fora mais frias e focadas em si mesmas do que qualquer outra coisa quer dizer que eu não aprendi nada ?
just break the rules you will make more that way and when your done pay a small minimum fee .
been a thing for a couple of years now to eliminate false offsides .
https soundcloud.app.goo.gl/cetko im a 13 year old rapper that wants to improve will give feedback too
it 's tough for purple to be purple this year cuz chadaranga
i 'm crying he said d head and not dickhead he thought he did something there 😭😭
she really did n't need to scream it was totally fine until then .
young people do seem more personally prudish while at the same time being less bothered by sexual imagery
the owners came and complained like an hour before the cops showed up .
my friend told them it was n't coming from us so i 'm really not sure why they called the cops .
if you do not have the required karma make some quality submissions on reddit and then try again or follow the verification instructions in the sidebar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cuckoldcaptions if you have any questions or concerns .
not me being put in reddit jail on finale filming day 😭😭😭 i 'm finally back
people have said that those con rods are thinner .
because i have a sizeable down payment saved up and can enter the market at a good point .
but let 's not pretend higher interest rates makes purchasing a new home that much more affordable .
if you do some math on how much a house 's price has to drop to balance out the increase in interest payment it 's really not that pretty .
and there 's tons of people like me waiting on the sidelines waiting to buy in if prices drop at all .
so i doubt we see any dramatic price declines .
i 'm guessing half-assed that price increases will slow down or see a small 5 decline over the next year or two .
which still would fuck the new buyers for the next few years because they are buying a house at peak '' prices but are now paying out higher interests too .
im stroking it hard rn and going to masturbate so hard on this pic💦
nobody smiles for sitting on the upper deck of dublin bus
sadly none of that has changed the rescanning to find your 100 's is so god damn annoying with the scan being so slow .
god i 'd kill for them to make the scans remember even for a minute .
we paid 450 on craigslist a couple of months ago but she was completely neglected .
then we paid 1400 for a 20yr old great trail horse recently .
i do know a rescue that does n't over charge if you want to look at one .
i do n't think it was worth the 400 i spent to have my stylist bleach my hair with 40 vol developer like an idiot and all my hair fell out and i still had to pay because she did n't think it was that bad and would grow back .
and this was a professional with 8 years experience and her own salon so do n't come at me saying i went to a bad stylist and did n't do my research because i did and still lost my hair .
was literally about to make a post out of frustration .
seems like every ticket i have opened i have gotten the lowest credit reward without fail .
thats generalization and do n't you think that removing and not considering the other peoples opinions if they are right wing accomplishes some sort of fascism in a sense that only one ideology is correct and that anyone who says otherwise is wrong ?
i was taking a shower outside and i asked god please show yourself and as soon as i said that a shooting star passed .
another time when i was making fun of my friend and he was super religious so he said like god will punish me and then right after i got a really bad bloody nose .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/exchristian/comments/tz9c18/found_this_relatable 32 32
i ca n't pony up that kinda money but i 'll continue drooling from afar
if junior associates can make these types of work-life balance demands in this market why should n't they ?
i wonder if in the 1500s the older peasants were lamenting the work quality of the post-black death laborers ?
when me and my friend were 5 we used to jump off of climbing frames and intentionally try to land on our limbs funny to break them so we could get time off school .
i now realize how weak and pathetic our mindset was however it showed me that i am not one of those horrific paperboned wenches my 'friend ' broke her arm twice .
on a meta level i can understand and appreciate the whole superfan motive that they had going on .
and it felt especially lazy since they essentially gave richie and amber the same motive .
like ... they could 've given amber more of an angle of being mad at sam for abandoning tara or something to flesh out her motive and make it feel a bit different from richie .
and how can you prove that your art worth less than you asking ?
why ca n't a mobster create 100 painting worth of 1.000 each and launder 100k ?
brilliant get a few flushes out of this and clone something for a bit of fun.. it 's all upwards from this point !
wild to think i live right down the road from 7 and it 's relatively glossed over in the local area .
i 've even posted a picture of it to the art deco sub before .
appreciated strangerscreations i make custom shit if u need sum hmu
i love how for a second just a second you could see the regret in al 's eyes when he says would it steer you from doing something stupid but by the time he says i wo n't need no fucking knife he is galvanized and ready for action
usually after i take three solid dabs in a row aka getting properly high .
i also watched my dad physically/mentally reboot after an arrhythmia attack .
he woke up as a 7 year old and got back a few years every night when he went to sleep .
the redhead main character was literally a villain and got countless people killed for corporate greed .
then she saves the day in her high heels as she runs from a t rex and we 're supposed to forget that dozens of people died because she made the call to keep the park open for profits .
and i can not believe they kept the redhead around for two more movies .
she 's literally the villain of the movie who got everyone killed for evil motives .
when i talk about these creepy men i immediately get shut down by men saying women are the same .
i think we all know deep down women do n't sexually harass men nearly as much as men do to us .
of course it happens to men and it 's awful but when i 'm talking about my own experiences i do n't need people trying to one-up me .
ebay has those autograph cds for 250.00 i 'm sure there were some around cheaper from what i saw .
i ordered one for 22.00 until they canceled my order .
the goggles were actually designed with the in game model overlayed on a 3d sculpt of my face so they 're actually not and the legs do have to fit around my own legs not much to do about that sadly besides chopping my legs off .
your cup is full of promise but there 's nothing left in mine ''
you might consider a solid core door blank or a countertop blank if the budget allows .
boxycharm fabfitfun are definitely the best though i have noticed price increases lately .
the caveat with boxy is that sometimes they just do n't ship your order wait until you contact them months later to tell you they 're out of stock of your items refund you .
the caveat with fabfitfun is that you ca n't check out with your shopping cart right away you put stuff in your cart then when add-ons close you get charged for whatever 's in your cart ... so if you forget to take things out you might get a charge you did n't anticipate .
it also causes people to game the system in a weird way where people will put massive amounts of stuff in their cart at the beginning of the sale making it appear oos in the store then change their mind dump it at the last minute .
so the best times to shop are not only as soon as add-ons are open but also just before add-ons close .
thanks man can you put down your sign at the palace approach grace with the password as mask
i am pro military all the way but dumb shit like this made me not enlist when i was 18 .
what the heck is going on i have a fucking phone hooked up to my account for a reason ?
i 'll be 26 but a lot of people in their 30s in my class
lol i blocked that sub when i correctly predicted it was moderated by doreens .
oh oops you 're right misread and just interpreted as endgame modes
hey at least we do n't close complete sections .
the stadium still feels full ... for the most part .
that warning caused my controller to have a seizure until i turned my bluetooth off .
at my current school it was essentially a 10 minute sale pitch by the admin their goals the position the population are you still interested .
they referenced a few things in my resume/letter that caught their attention .
it was the most bizarre interview i 'd ever been a part of
the victim is under no obligation to respect the privacy of her alleged stalker .
they have never said anything about subject 5 and tanner is nearly never in the videos .
using combine different pedals '' options or something like that i have been able to play but i think that 's still a windows/logitech incompatibility because it 's still inverted '' on windows game controller .
hope logitech solve this soon with some driver or firmware update .
hey i know offsets wo n't solve climate change it has to be a mandatory carbon tax .
and that probably wo n't happen because lobbyists will oppose it and it 's easy to convince the public that it will destroy the economy .
also the airline industry is pretty much impossible to decarbonize
i read in something like cook 's illustrated many years ago to insert a few metal skewers into the london broil before bbqing just like a ribeye cut .
i do n't recall the reasoning for the method but i 've always done it this way .
upvote this comment if this post is confusing and downvote if it is not or is intentionally designed that way
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/confusing_perspective if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's almost the same as buying property in the metaverse .
nice to have especially if you have livestock or want to pump it for watering crop .
it 's not that crazy he was on-pace over an 82 game season last year .
i have no idea what the rangers were thinking .
so i took shots at damn near everyone all of ya ll are great and talented .
i just upvoted you please upvote my recent posts back .
that is so awful and i never knew about it
oh i 'm sorry maybe you can point to where i made an excuse or a defense for this dill hole .
i put forth the reality of why shit like this happens no excuse .
the reason i said it is easy for us to pass judgement is because we are just on the internet arm chairing this .
a majority of dill holes like you have little to zero knowledge about what it is like to be placed in such a precarious situation where the implementation of weapons can be legally justified .
if you read any of my comments you 'd realize i think this guy is undertrained .
perception is everything to the individual holding the firearm .
if they feel threatened then they in their mind they feel justified in their action .
you can only train so much to recreate the scenario it is still a damn scenario .
it may be harder for you to decipher the linkage in what i am saying so let me give it to you barney style and use this example .
for trained members of the military they can only play war to a degree it is n't until war happens and bodies start dropping with gunfire is cracking off will they know what it takes or how to act properly in such a scenario .
some will just act a fool when push comes to shove .
maybe you meant to comment on someone else thread cause i do n't know how you got it that i was in defense of this idiot .
apparently availability is coming back but it took forever to find one near me .
i was following some accounts on twitter but they stopped being helpful a couple months ago .
16 is when i heard people talking bout sex .
sucked a bit but it 's when i started self improvement .
17 i did 300 days of nofap and was trying to find a cute girl for a relationship but no luck .
18 kinda hit me where was like alright.. let 's just ignore this best i can
‘everyone ' might be a stretch but sadly u/superstabletable is right wrt 90 of the population .
i used to think that the system scammers were a minority but a crash i was in a couple of years ago proved me wrong .
the crash literally happened at walking speed so the damage to my motorcycle was minor just a light out really .
as we 're exchanging details i tell him that i 'd be happy to settle without involving insurance if that 's ok with him but if not then i 'm also fine going the usual insurance claim route .
i do n't ask for any cash right then i say that i 'll get a quote for repairs then he can decide how he wants to proceed .
turned out that the rear light was part of a sealed unit the whole mudguard needs to be replaced .
since this is a lot more than both i and the car driver anticipated i expect him to decide to go the insurance route .
he still wanted to settle because he had 14 years no claims and a job as an hgv driver transporting hazardous chemicals which he 'd likely lose should this accident become ‘official ' if you ca n't be trusted in a car ... .
this suited me fine saved me a lot of hassle dealing with insurance claims management courtesy bike ...
he was so happy that i was willing to settle that he even bunged me an extra £50 ‘hassle money ' his offer not my request .
when i told this story to friends colleagues etc all but a very few were aghast that i did n't insist on going through insurance .
them you could easily have claimed a few grand for your injuries !
your head must 've jerked at least a little bit and what with the extra weight of your helmet ...
me i did n't have any injuries not even whiplash !
them sure not at the time while your adrenaline was still pumping .
these things often kick in a few hours or even days later .
me well the accident happened months ago now and i 've still not suffered any neck pain or anything .
them but the insurance company ca n't prove that you did n't suffer any pain !
even if you really did n't suffer any injuries they 'll still throw you a couple grand ‘go away ' money if you say you did .
me but claiming i suffered injuries when i did n't is lying fraudulent and the reason why premiums are so high !
your premiums are gon na be high anyway so you might as well cash out when you get the chance !
tl dr 90 of people think you 're a naive idiot if you do n't claim for phantom injuries whenever you 're in an accident that was n't your fault .
basically the power to copy any ability/trait i see while draining the power out of whoever i 'm copying it from .
think of something like after 5 minutes of copying someone else 's abilities we 're at equal strength but after 10 minutes i 'd have 100 of their power copied while they would be completely drained .
sounds so basic but it 's not always easy to practice during arguments or tough times .
for the big and small victories and celebrations as well as the tough times .
life has a tendency to get in the way at times but it 's good to remember what 's important .
if you turn on each other you will both lose .
sometimes people need advice and solutions but a lot of the times they just want to be heard seen and understood .
if you are not great at telling which is which just ask i 'm here for you !
would you like me to help brainstorm for solutions or would you like to chat and vent about it ? ''
it 's great to do things together to go on fun adventures and share experiences .
even if it 's just something as simple as walking in the park or around town or practicing common hobbies or just being lazy together .
but it 's also good to spend time doing your own thing .
it 's good for each person as an individual and it 'll also be good for the relationship .
i personally love hearing my so talk about the fun he 's had on a night out with his friends or about the huge fish they 've caught in their last trip or how the f1 race went and who crashed into who even if i already know cause he was just watching it in the other room .
it 's wonderful to see someone especially someone you love all sparkly eyed excitedly explain about their passions .
and same it 's wonderful when he listens and remembers all my ramblings about my d d or vg or my girlfriends drama .
it 's good to know their love language and it definitely helps but i 'm of the opinion that as long as you 're showing affection and they know that and it 's something they 'd enjoy you should go for it .
it can be small things like taking the time to cuddle for 5 minutes before you get up or getting her favourite snack or flowers or hwlping with a chore they 're struggling with .
be yourself while striving to improve and grow together .
at the same time howmany people belive qanon garbage .
if the last three years have taught me anything it 's humans can deny anything
yeah that 's sad but i 'm not sure how it impacts the validity of my statement ...
you only say that because you tm want teachers to have sex talks with 4 year olds
and surely it has nothing to do about any suspiciously anonymous purchases enabling rapid militarization or anything .
not scared if you do end up im my yard but my window ! ! !
so you can reduce power 50 or so for kids while they get used to it .
if you have n't already please take a minute to read our rules https reddit.com/r/adhd/about/rules we will remove your post if it breaks one and also check out our list of official megathreads here https www.reddit.com/r/adhd/comments/nu534w/official_list_of_radhd_megathreads_please_check .
if your post fits into one of them it is likely to be removed if you think this might happen you can delete your post here and resubmit it there instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/adhd if you have any questions or concerns .
being in a new city is hard enough but with this recent break up that is really hard .
so sorry to hear that and prayers that you get connected real soon .
what is gme and why should you consider investing ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/qig65g/welcome_rall_looking_to_catch_up_on_the_gme_saga what is drs and why should you care ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/ptvaka/when_you_wish_upon_a_star_a_complete_guide_to low karma but still want to feed the drs bot ?
please help us determine if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk .
learn more about this bot and why we are using it here https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/poa6zy/introducing_uqualityvote_bot_a_democratic_tool_to
if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk upvote this comment !
if this post should not be here or or is a repost downvote this comment !
as your attorney i suggest you go and fuck some bitches .
it changes absolutely nothing and probably had to do with time/budget .
i 've seen them school/migrate like this on the coast of the obx nc .
was the first vendor i ordered from and always had a good experience with aih .
in the 80s they put a keg on some train tracks and the train it hit sending it through a house .
in response to idea expressed by many that this is not meant to be lived in but only as an investment how could the investment pay off if none ever lives in it ?
i do think they 'll struggle to win if the other team continues to shoot 100 the rest of the way
what 's one thing that genuinely brought you joy this week ?
is it just or is the red dot off center
i work with sheep and whilst they 're sneaky as all shit they 're super sweet and wholesome
it 's fine for you to go slow on sex .
you 're essentially taxed twice on interest you pay back .
when you pay a 401k loan back the money comes out after taxes in your paycheck then when you withdraw during retirement it 's taxed again .
there were n't any penalties but just the tax thing alone which is n't advertised and i did n't realize until after i took it out is a pretty decent hit all on its own when you 're talking 30-40 tax rates .
i know some people do n't have a choice but you mentioned being afraid of dipping into your savings in case an emergency happens .
i 'd leave the 401k as the emergency backup personally and try not to touch it if possible .
sometimes things are billed one way and covered but billed another way are n't .
my coworker and i both have the same insurance through our jobs but some things got covered the way my ivf provider billed but did n't when her ivf provider billed .
plus they could be added to deductibles or out of pocket maxes even though stuff sounds like it was n't before .
thank you for that it 's exactly that i 've been thinking too but having a very hard time explaining and him accepting that ..
my bad for asking you specifically but idk anything that 's going on with the lockdowns and was abt to ship out my first haul .
it 's 8.8kg and was going to ship through kr-ems .
you think i 'd have any issues shipping soon or would it be best to wait and see what happens ?
i would recommend some therapy because you may have some unresolved trauma or you 're not contempt in your professional life .
ica fasar typ ut märkesprodukter för att ersätta med kopior av sitt egna märke så det löser sig nog snart i alla fall för ica .
skulle köpa lingon förra veckan så jag drog till maxi och man hade endast den stora burken av den sort jag ville ha och den var såklart dyrast medans ica konstigt nog hade alla möjliga sorters storlekar av sitt egna märke lingonen jag ville ha stod också på översta hyllan .
tråkigt för den som är kort gammal eller av andra anledningar inte kan nå upp..
likadant med grädde från skånemejerier som de lämpligt nog har placerat längst med golvet i kylen och maxat på med sin egna grädde på alla andra platser plats .
i think in 2019 at chicagoland ben rhodes blew up literally not even 100 feet after getting the green iirc
as your cock goes down my throat my eyes roll up as i gag and drool on your cock and begin bobbing my head no longer resisting do n't worry i 'm so horny rn please go all out on and in me i 'm your bitch
domestic arrivals is literally get off the plane grab your bag and walk out .
they need to up the cap on tomestones from the get go .
it should not take that long to gear up an alt especially when a lot of the tome gear is bis .
it 's an issue but i still vastly prefer it to the slot machine gearing of hoping what you want is in your vault every week .
at least i can use the raid coffers on alts even if that is n't the bis for that job .
very weird that it 's only on some samples .
but could just be some that are on the edge of over-driving a failing component ?
forget me if i 'm wrong but is n't he the editor or the producer not a guest ?
i hope i 'm wrong but i feel like he 's going to be arrested or 'disappeared ' for this .
too much public dissent and disorderly behaviour for the chinese government 's tastes .
personally i would love all jerks to be rainbow coloured regardless of sex ethnicy or nationality .
criminal justice is hardly a competitive field. most criminal justice majors are just cops
looks like a swiss piranha in a 6x6 config without the turret
i 'd buy the power steering pump if it 's in good shape
personally i only associate with those who own almond or avocado land .
so yes i agree with your limitations you 've outlined .
there 's a mentality at play here and it 's incorrect to use words like good '' or bad '' describing it .
part of it is a scepticism towards outcomes and results .
it does n't matter if it 's what someone wanted or chose or gambled on or even if it 's how things are meant to be .
the idea of fate is especially repulsive here why ca n't we be free from these circumstances ?
maybe humans should be anything they want to be or have it all .
choosing to buy a car with a debt and paying interest on something rusting in a back yard that barely looks good and could become unusable after a single bad night there 's a mentality that feels the struggle for this is unfair .
that the driver of the car was just following their dreams and living life freely .
understanding this mentality is the question of the 21st century and how it differs from the traditional winner takes all might makes right we are as we played out to be that you only get out what you put in .
the latter during and after the covenant war got left alone .
because they were n't blowing up civilians and being terrorists .
the spartans were made so the terrorist cells could be neutralized or disarmed with the least loss of life by either side .
they were n't made to stomp on some bastards neck because he went i wish the ueg/unsc/cma would just fuck off and leave us alone . ''
they were made to steal back the nuke kill or capture the leader and do it without slaughtering everybody in the camp and prevent them from using that nuke on the nearby town .
just leave him alone and let him play games .
he 's enjoying his time i 'm sure you guys will have other stuff later .
says online they have a kill rate of 58 percent .
which is over double lion kill rate over triple wolves kill rate and over 5× the kill rate of polar bears .
ricciardo has properly turned into the second driver at mclaren at this point .
he does n't do anything especially better than lando and is n't matching him the way he should .
that 2019 pair was much better than i realized .
no please no we do n't need flashbacks to that horrible time
there 's still a chance of a safety car or red flag .
if he 's going to take the pit penalty do it when everything else is exhausted .
sitting cross legged on the floor and having a fart bubble or several exit via the front bum ... my 9 month old had it happen for the first time and i simply looked at her and said welcome .
follow up on this there ended up being no green day show as i 'm sure you can all tell lol and i had an amazing interaction with the artist i went to see !
to be invaded and completely destroyed by the vastly superior chadopeans .
to be honest i was not confident in react until after working at my first job for like 3-6 months
just go for it you will learn more on the job than you will learn by yourself
the problem is that many of those 6 million people died because people like you thought it 's not a big deal .
that is one of the reasons why you buy them though
well bro i paid w ems ¥1065 and to houston tx less than 2 weeks .
i had aljo taking the first but it could 've gone either way .
i 've been watching discourse for quite some time now but i think i finally grew apart from the content they provide .
i was never take politics out of my games '' kind of person far from it but their constant stream of gw bad '' content is finally tired me out .
i know gw has bad business practices i know their fandom harbors a lot of shady people with awful perspectives and views but i seriously dont have to watch video after video of how everything is terrible .
i have tough job working at the er i want to unwind in thr evening with some models and have fun listening to hobby related content that isnt constant stream of new models ?
so yeah good luck to discourse in scoring internet points but i think im done with that channel .
well there are n't a lot of people shooting wildlife on fuji gear .
it 's light but your lens options are quite limited they are working on that .
i ca n't compare it to other brands because i have never shot them .
i do know that fuji does not have the best autofocus out there .
i really enjoy shooting fuji and so do most people .
yeah the sub hitting the fish is spooky but everybody gangsta til the fish hits the sub .
good little fuckpig i want to claim all your fuckholes .
i 'll make you cry and beg for mercy you cum dumpster
do n't forget to comment your discord name after joining to be eligible !
let 's hope it encourages you to post more because it will certainly be wanted .
my home was lost in a wildfire in 2015 .
converting to one element especially fire which is supported by great gear is how blasters operate in wotr .
you get an extra dice and essentially have more spells for your element at all levels .
sorc will have 2 to the wizard 's 3 .
that easily beats a cl especially for paths like azata and demon .
yes arcanists are great but exploiter wizard is basically a base arcanist with bonus spell feats in place of exploits which is a very worthwhile tradeoff .
op when someone shows you who they are believe them !
he only wanted you to go to this club to fetishize you for his personal gratification .
no i mean like how the results are displayed .
the answers would be nicer to look at written as words
it 's visually not interesting adds zero mechanical interaction and as noted does n't even carry any thematic meaning anymore .
at least ruin iv has some kind of interesting visuals even if it too feels like just a tacked-on oh i guess we have to keep that '' mechanic .
in fact i 'd kinda say that 's what the issue with the new smn is .
ruin iv coming from energy drain makes no sense and does n't actually do anything with that connection .
each of the three summons is totally self-contained and demi-bahamut and demi-phoenix are totally self-contained .
with the old smn you had to plan things out and there were both positive and negative interactions across the various phases .
demi-bahamut did n't give you instant spells like dwt and fbt but both demi-bahamut and demi-phoenix cut off access to your egi actions .
those negative interactions forced you to be tactical to think ahead about how your current state of play would interact with your state of play in 20-30 seconds .
likewise the aetherflow/fester/dot/tri-d interaction kept up a connection between otherwise unrelated parts and allowed that to flow together with the dwt/fbt cycle .
new summoner is a pile of beautiful but completely unconnected pieces .
old summoner was an interlocking puzzle-box that had gotten a bit rusty all the parts fit together beautifully but the gears did n't always turn smoothly .
fixing the old summoner would have meant getting rid of the rust not breaking the puzzle into disconnected pieces .
not the points am wanted him to collect but something is better than nothing i guess .
invasive does mean it 's not native but also that it 's damaging to the native environment in some way for example displacing other plants creating a monoculture increasing disease .
plants that are non-native but not damaging can become naturalized if they spread .
girl in middle school used to make fun of my weight and it turns out she was 50 pounds fatter than me
i am disabled and i have had my own lunches stolen .
honestly it might sound strange to say but ablism cuts both ways .
ableism could mean not reporting wrongdoing because you pity someone who is disabled .
i wish more people said things like disability is not a factor.
my sona not even sure if i want to beat it
well size is always inverse to strength ... .. never forget klee
ah so you are the one that brought me here
the screw '' i used in the video is supposed to be a clip where you move the plastic thing after sliding in the ssd to lock it in place .
there is also a simpler standoff+screw version to keep the ssd in place but that also did n't work .
a plastic part on my m2\_1 slot is stopping the ssd from going in all the way .
wonder if it 's in reference to how much superstonk has uncovered about bcg .
lol damn really gon na blame biden for the invasion of ukraine and for the middle east being destabilized .
truly he 's a powerful guy he 's responsible for every pothole and low pensions in russia too i 'm sure .
i 'm lucky to watch it on a kpn channel the app on webos is beyond shit .
yesterday with qualifying i could n't select watch from beginning it just crashes and keeps on buffering
20k oil changes are standard with modern car and manufacturer specified synthetic oil .
bu düzeni sağlaması gereken şey dinler olmamalı bence bu zamana kadar uygulanmış olması doğru olduğu anlamına gelmez .
bence her bireyin ahlak kurallarını bilmesi ve uygulaması ve bu kuralları kendinden sonraki nesle aktarması gerekir bu ahlak kuralları zamanla toplumlara göre değişir ancak dinler gibi sabit olmaz yani 1500 yıl önce arapların toplumu için doğru olan yasalara 21.yy da uyma saçmalığına düşen insanlarda olmaz .
her insan istediği kadar çalıp çırpmalı tecavüz etmeli ve insan öldürmelidir yani hiç işte insanlar böyle yetiştirilmeli ancak böyle gerçek ahlak ortaya çıkar .
i̇yi ve kötü nedir kavramına girmek güzel olurdu aslında ama o kadar uzun ve belirsiz bir yol ki girince çıkılmıyor .
i look at bodybuilding videos or calisthenics videos to see the strength men can achieve and then i compare where i am now..
essence means that they have the same nature and character .
i do n't have experience with how that kind of scale effects a combat .
i 'm planning on using half scale terrain so it will fit on my table at 45 inches lol .
absolutely — if you do n't mind being constantly drenched in cum .
would you look at that all of the words in your comment are in alphabetical order .
i have checked 704,917,343 comments and only 142,452 of them were in alphabetical order .
a lot of women take their male children into public toilets to pee and they can make a pretty big mess .
but not playing with harder guns means you wont improve a lot .
if you dont care about that tho forget what i said and have fun !
qs outlined it is eaten but rarely i ate frog legs twice in france and once in china .
i think a lot of people now think it is gross .
also it is a lot of work for a thumb sized leg that mostly tastes of chicken .
vulcan is n't specifically heat-based he had control over all forms of energy thermal or otherwise .
they both have the same relaxed feel but the loopbar has the loop portion that allows you to lean in a more aero position if you like
if you already have that moustache bar best i can suggest is to put mtb bar ends directly on the middle of rise of those moustache bar para meron ka extra hand position
the spaceship special effects do n't look dated at all which makes it an incredible outlier in scifi movies .
hopefully this fight will be done before the first string of pit stops
please be aware that this marks it as a place for serious discussion only and that any unserious content in this thread will be met with infraction point s https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/wiki/rules wiki_point_system.3a .
if your comment does not contribute to the discussion in a serious manner it will be removed .
please report any comments that do not respect this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagers if you have any questions or concerns .
the tracking shot at the beginning of touch of evil 1958 .
dead poets society 1989 the soundless gun shot trying not to spoil anything is the finale of an amazing sequence of film making .
i really do n't think we give peter weir credit for being one of the greatest directors of the last 40 years .
the gunfight in the train station in the untouchables 1987 .
opt out of replies haikusbot opt out '' delete my comment haikusbot delete ''
but maybe because herb the name is a shorthand of herbert ?
understandable as it will snipe you from the lands between .
everything you can find in a box but as single items .
our current leader is our head of state president arif alvi .
u/throwaway51438 friendly reminder that the subreddit has undergone changes .
if you are n't familiar with them yet you can read about them here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nhentai if you have any questions or concerns .
wtf i thought the stroll thing was a replay i was wondering why are we getting strolled again
what verb starts with f and ends with ck ?
that will be a big embarrassment moment for nato and the eu .
if you can source the rpk barrel parts do that .
oh wow someone is triggered because i proved that they do n't know what directly means .
your example with the chain reaction does n't make sense as in that scenario the intent is the unfortunate outcome .
people who ca n't admit fault really are obnoxious .
unskilled laborer '' because i expose your flawed logic ?
you are obviously neglecting the fact that the meat does n't just cease to exist because a market decides to order less .
insult me all you want it 's not worth much coming from someone of your intellectual level .
some piece of advice learn when to admit defeat learn how proving theses works and do n't get so triggered that you have to resort to insults .
must not be his first rodeo guy with the pipe .
they probably just promote him give him medals and a lada for patriotic work for the nazi-russia .
i probably wo n't be able to stop myself from posting a picture and a tr yeah .
mfs used to call 6ix9ine a mumble rapper i 'll never forget that 😂
it was posted 4 years ago so maybe i 'll get lucky for a while
the whole story has been a distraction tactic from the start so when crimes of the trump children come out republicans can claim it 's all bullshit and their dumb fuck base will eat it up .
it 's generally more fun to do traditionally stupid stuff so it theoretically should n't be as unpleasant as normal boring activities
man some of the dragons last tackle options have been absolutely dire .
no it was not cause they do have hoes there .
you can buy a mouse without a scroll wheel these days ?
lmao i thought the girl to the right was kourtney kardashian for a sec
i can burp already tell by the comic sans font this is gon na be neggflix quality .
bapa is gon na show all the homeless cats how much they do n't maddur ! ! !
we eventually got a rolling monthly contract for an ee 4g hub under the proviso virgin were going to compensate us for the cost of it but alas they ca n't give that sort of discount '' despite them recommending it in the first place !
now broadband do monthly rolling deals through the bt line .
do n't give them an easy ride over this .
they will call you back with an even better deal
now that i know what it is i ca n't believe i did n't notice it i loved that webnovel
people that do n't tip/people that think they do n't need to tip/people that are rude to servers because they can .
how can you be so evil ? ? ? ? ?
please take a moment to review the rules listed in our sidebar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fundiesnarkuncensored if you have any questions or concerns .
ohhhh is he just not gon na pit again ?
i had a lovely ecuadorian customer who would do the same to me even if his dinner companion only spoke english .
i think maybe i need to be less afraid to walk some at the beginning .
someone in my group today also gave me similar advice about perceived effort and slowing down except when i replied any slower and i 'm literally walking '' they said well ok not that slow . ''
the next gear down from a 15 minute mile shuffle jog is literally a brisk hike .
in order to maintain the integrity of our subreddit accounts with a verified email address must have at least 5 combined karma post comment to comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/coronavirusdownunder if you have any questions or concerns .
brian adopting walt made sense and was what was in his best interest .
the letters and drawings would have made walt 's life significantly more difficult so she wisely put that off until he was older .
if it was just the marriage what it 's already a big thing i was fine it 's what i want .
i just did n't know that to get there would be battle after battle .
i do n't know he always says we just got unlucky with timing ... brexit coronavirus russia starting a war uk crises ...
also never start with a sniper rifle or thinking getting a rifle pistol combo spending all your first budget on the good main rifle if you dont have massive budget
i guess its better if perez qualifies much behind ves or ahead of him .
if he is just behind him he will always get screwed
well one it 's actually pretty hard to get the car out of a gravel trap and two it 'd probably get a lot of gravel on the track that they 'd then have to clean up .
sorry i 'm not able to retrieve sauces for this post https i.imgur.com/olosbkw.png .
currently i can only work with imgur and i.redd.it links as well as direct links to image files .
i can handle imgur albums as long as they only contain a single image .
you may be able to find the sauce yourself using saucenao https saucenao.com .
i will add that it took about a week and a few practice sessions videotaping myself to realize all of the things i was doing wrong .
in my head i thought i was doing them right but once i saw that video i knew exactly what i was doing wrong and what i needed to work on to correct this thing so i have gone from throwing 250 ft two sometimes getting to 350 ft. just after watching that video 100+more foot
check out these new subs in the sexyplus network ... where chubby reigns surpreme !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
bhai sahab it has been a long time since you were active on reddit and now you have come back with this message it could have be much better
if you were in a unibody car it would be totaled .
if god has done some horrible things why we humans should defend him ?
pray that if we have done any such things god may forgive and defend us at the time of the judgement .
i 'm really freaked out how these are all so similar !
hey mate could n't find you in my dm 's .
although seen your latest message about 30 to aus !
thanks anyway mate the thing you created is bloody cool af !
if you ever come to tenerife i 'll suck it so bad
there 's a youtube therapist i know i know but she is real who made a great video explaining why he actually was fatphobic and harmful and why it 's a lot more than just of course he would advise people to be healthy and not be fat '' .
pool companies pest control field inspectors roofing/solar/landscaping company sales vehicles insurance adjusters parts delivery anyone who a drives a lot b needs to hauls around a small amount of tools and equipment and c needs the truck '' look .
i have no clue but i 've been looking for red hood stuff !
it 's even advertised as looking like you 've taken it from your boyfriend ...
think it might still be down because people were swapping the drift transmission into certain high s1 cars and it dropped them all the way down to a so it was ridiculously overpowered .
they said they 'd add it back in when they removed the cars from online or fixed the transmission issue
oh yeah definitely a lot more people are interested in my music recs here lol atlanta has a lot of different types of people !
i have n't actually been clubbing before but there are venues for most everyone i think .
get it fixed up a bit and throw a snes in that bitch and boom 10 less parenting easy .
if it 's still considered funny by some people to cover shit in among us crewmates on the next r/place you have failed all future generations
i do that sometimes to the girl i have a crush on .
i try not to stare but sometimes i get really tired at work and i look at her in a very affectionate way .
i look away because i do n't want her to feel uncomfortable but sometimes i 'm so exhausted i ca n't control it .
der link selbst ist aus meiner sicht erst mal so semi interessant .
i like heritage cause the heritage chromes are really really nice .
hello u/mysteriousentrance73 your request appears to ask for moral judgment .
per our moral judgment rule https www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/ivahe5/meta_autoremoving_moral_judgment_threads_also any requests for moral judgment generally any yes/no questions will result in the removal of your post even if you ask for specific advice as well .
please remove any questions that ask for judgment of a situation again yes/no questions and instead request specific advice that could not possibly result in a yes/no answer .
we may not include messages such as this on future moral judgment removals for your awareness
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
feel free to vent and ignore the dumb ass comments .
it would be a great way to get more competitors and spectators to local shows
what others have recommended so far about a contract is conservative and wise .
make sure to get a grantor deed not a quit claim deed and title insurance .
check the deed history from the county to make sure he is the only owner .
if you 're diy'ing it i 'd go back as far as you can in the deed history to know what the title company is likely to turn up .
if there 's a long history of grantor deeds with him as the last one that 's the least complex .
check if he has a survey on the property and make sure it matches the legal description .
see if he can point out the property corners that are not next to you and they appear to match the survey/legal description .
he should also have a note mortgage recorded with the county to protect himself in case you decide not to make the additional payments .
i work in aged care and one resident needs some cream applied to her feet .
it was my first time showering her in the morning and applying the cream was no biggy but when she requested i give her a foot massage as well .
i am not here to rub your nasty feet ma'am when i wanted to go get gloves she was like just do it it wo n't take long '' .
it was about the money your implication that taking less would be risking poverty .
i 've generalized so far and i think it 's a lot more interesting .
a jack of all trades is a master of none but oftentimes better than a master of one . ''
lmao thought he was trying to get some clout on instagram first 😂😂
and he was saying that he was still up for meeting but was n't in the mood to start a big formal evening at 8pm .
i know that you think your demand is reasonable .
but i suspect that he feels like his demand is just as reasonable .
though it does n't roll off the tongue as easily .
i just said an idiom in english roll off the tongue please tell me if you ever do n't understand what i mean !
also i wanted to ask you i would like to create a post about the music of yr. you got me thinking about it more when you mentioned digging in deep with an album .
i have yet to watch an interview with the music supervisor but i have one on my watch list .
anyway my question for you was i 'd like to title the post musical sensations because it fits what i 'm posting about and is also a nod to you .
if you would rather i not no explanation is needed .
just upvoted you can you return on some of my recent posts ?
wait but how am i gon na convert that binary into a decimal int ?
oh that supply is so crippled that they are releasing 60,000,000 barrels into the market ?
i honestly fell over on my sofa laughing when they did that curse .
again i ask why must her face be in this video ?
it would be awesome if i could help u with that
so what you 're saying is that it 's ugly people who ca n't get who they want so they make up this bullshit to justify where they are at in terms of relationships with the opposite sex .
a coin that thick should weight more then 1.53 grams .
the edges are rounded and the surface is very grainy unlike a struck coin .
i like my coffee like i like my women ... without a penis
sucks that you are n't using fips drives with instant secure erase .
i thaught i spoke british english but i guess i speak american english
i 'm kinda a more rad more better ? ''
guy myself but i usually cut it off at 480 lol
not announced but sakamoto said dread set up the sequel .
i hope development already started so we get it in 2026 4 year development time i predicted prime 4 will come in the first half of 2024 .
probably better/easier than trying to upgrade meta ... ..then again i never bothered with meta so idk how much effort it took to upgrade them in this context the cruise pass one
the biggest difference is that chinas propaganda machine is n't as successful .
theoretically you could get a credit line move the funds to an account ensure they 're there for 90 days bank will request 3 months of statements for verification .
but as others stated this is n't a good idea .
there are down payment assistance programs to make it easier it 'll end up being a shared equity situation .
finally if you have a generous family member you can consider a gifted down payment .
i was almost going to say no assholes here because you just want different things and you 've only been dating for a couple months so the topic may not have come up yet or you may not have really thought about it .
but then when she asked you about it you lied for over an hour before you finally told her you have no intentions of marrying her .
it 's okay that you never want to get married .
it 's not okay to deceive your partners about it and waste their time if they 're looking for someone to marry .
crowd switched up real quick 😂started booing when he asked for donations but then started cheering when mike said he 's gunna donate 10k
always been kind of a meh bourbon for me but i 'm definitely in the minority .
it 's young it does n't have ton of character lacks finish just all around boring imo .
it goes for 35ish around me and i 'd rather just spend the extra 10 and get 4r sib as a daily
it is n't really ir but gives a really good beginner 's insight to strategies used by dictators to rule
i am not going to get pulled into a willfully toxic situation here .
so i am not going to engage with you further .
your dms are n't open but also expose your worthless holes if you expect us to even care about your pathetic life
i did n't have to read your bio to know you were cooking meth .
get 30 free with this rakuten code when you spend 30 https www.rakuten.com/r/shike42 ? utm_campaign=raf utm_medium=raf 20share eeid=45830
⭐️you will get 30 free using the link above once you spend 30
⭐️direct deposit or get a check with your the cash
super easy way to make money back while shopping !
retailer almost said no returns past number two but i sweet talked them .
3rd one was the best but u just never know .
i ca n't even push my own chair while i 'm sitting but if i need to i 'll stand up and walk behind it .
like when there is no god damn door button to push and my dad went to get the car so i 'm on my own .
i feel like i have to exaggerate limping and shit .
it 's so messed up that people will legit attack you for something that is not their business .
do n't get me started on being a young person with a seemingly normalish looking body having to use the autocarts at the store if i ever leave the house .
i purposely bring my cane with me and hold it simultaneously so that people would lay off .
the world is not made for disabled folks already having asshole who do n't know anything about me giving me their opinions on my own status is asinine .
idk how official these methods are but i had a mealybug infestation on a similar looking plant mine was a desert rose .
i took qtips soaked in alcohol and rubbed down all the obviously infected places and then sprayed the plant every couple days with soapy water .
if you notice any obviously visible bugs or clusters of white go at it with the qtips each time and eventually they will go away .
worked nicu for 5 years and have now been doing cicu for 5 years .
i really only have the opportunity to do it at this hospital if i ever move i 'll probably just go back to nicu so while this hospital pays less i 'm enjoying this type of nursing while i can .
i love it and the patients and coworkers are awesome .
hope you end up enjoying it for years to come ! ! !
will never forget that surprise fk he took vs liverpool .
as a manager at walmart definitely report this to ethics .
while it is policy for associates to park in white spaces no associate should be paying for parking period .
they could have just cut her scalp and stitched it back up if they wanted to convince her she 'd had the surgery .
no the temp is only 80c hot spot and mem junction is like 78c if you see the temps in the video .
it seems the card is just trying to stay at 70c it is on performance bios so maybe quiet would be better .
i get crushes on people sometimes but that just means i get the same holy whoa feeling looking at them as looking at a really pretty sunset or listening to really good music .
being arospec and/or aspec involves a lot of dissection what kind of attraction you 're feeling .
sexual means you legit want to have sex with the person often confused with high libido or sensual attraction .
romantic generally means you want to kiss the person or hold hands or something i have n't entirely figured it out .
by nature of having fewer parts smoothbores break less generally have more reliable bales and are cheaper to purchase and maintain .
the engineers and i guess the nozzle guys i work with generally find it 's much easier to find the sweet spot when adjusting pump pressure tactically for the two-in on the business end of the handline .
also adding this comment so i can find it when i get to a desktop and print your comment for reference ona presentation i 'm working on if that 's cool with you
it has cerimides and niacinamide and it 's very affordable .
theyve been running soooo behind all night and still wont stop with the filler
its 10:47 and we 've had 1 fight the girls are still getting their hands taped 🤔 what the fuck is with this pacing
hardesty is just not competent so oh well try someone else .
haha same mrs got back thinking i 'd have a party but still skiing solo while she drunk on phone 😪
white people learn that they are superior through lived experiences
electro magnets in the posts iron in the center of the pucks
i 100 believe there was some poor idiot like me in power who thought the test was legitametly trying to make sure people could at least comprehend language before voting without any racist intent .
the point is we can not assume a group guilt .
the makers of this test are not guilty until we can prove each individual is guilty .
otherwise ... well ... that 's how you get gulags and concentration camps .
id offer you my bucket but its been full for a while
9 customers all felt they did n't have a 5 star experience ?
that 's not even including the 2 removed one stars .
also i highly doubt customers would give a 1 star for nothing .
they do the same thing in carolina for trocheck and slavin .
birds are n't real probably wirelessly charging themselves off your car 🤷
i think you 're beautiful but i just think you need to go a all you can eat buffet with me and stay there all month lol you would be absolutely dangerous with 25 more pounds on your body to go with that gorgeous face .
some thickness and a round booty would be incredible .
i had a roomie in college who was hispanic .
i think like 1st or 2nd generation from mexico .
she never was like ohhh im so sorry if i drop spanish words !
! she just ... like did sometimes and i 'd go oh what 's that word and she 'd tell me and that was it .
luke is cringe as hell and everyone 's big mad that op an actual italian does n't get why luke is acting like he 's italian when he speaks and acts like an american
the problem is when vision shows up all alone which is what 's happened in the last few years .
there are people who have commented that their parents send 5,000 dollars each month to donald trump .
i just can not imagine being so incredibly blind that you send that much money on a regular basis to a person like that .
i 'll give this to trump he figured out a way to be rich by doing truly next to nothing .
yea i would rather we do n't get manager of the month .
but i think the curse comes down on to the fact that most teams could n't hang on to their hot form for more than a month .
that 's were i 'm at weed has reined supreme over the years .
just sign up for student prime which only increased from 39 to 49 from your university or college email accounts .
i suspect after the fourth year i wo n't be able to get the student rate .
whatever happens just remember how great a thing you 're doing .
thank you so much for taking the little one in .
its a crime against everything when older animals end up in cages because their owner past away .
whoa was this the inspiration for that anthem game that failed a few years back ?
can u send the links from amazon i guess for the shower head and the vitamin e ?
not sure if i should use vitamin e but i will find out .
i have mild flaking it also lookes like white stubble like after someone shaves .
i do n't have much just in the cheek area..
i might try honey for the seb derm too .
how are they allowing a complete monster like you to roam the streets ?
dude you said it they lie in everything but for some reason you think they don '' t lie/ed on covid ?
so kidnapping the children of the people you just murderers ?
this a new level of f up beyond what i could imagine .
especially in below zero i dont find it anywhere as scary as the original so it feels kinda boring if youre just collectimg stuff to me
imma be sad if 9ers dont draft watson if hes bpa at 61
maybe it was jessie i 'm a happily married man '' palmer s
that 's just hypocrisy people on both sides of the political spectrum do this shit they are just blind to something when it does n't fit their own .
i know the person i was replying to seemed to think this announcement was talking about stationing nato troops on the ukraine/russia border and i was just pointing out that was n't the case because as of now it does n't appear ukraine will be joining nato .
it 's where the 6 of the population is located that matters e.g .
taranaki-king county is mostly farming and nats have held it since mmp was brought in .
we will not reply to modmail messages similar to what is reason my post was removed ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
him at holo nyc and the navy yard was incredible !
did the fire science course and was going to do the emt course until my dumb ass forgot you needed to take anatomy to be allowed to take it .
to be followed by video called diabetic bear receiving dialysis
i love it but the light should n't be spilling over the curb .
if i had seen this army in a show id have raged that its way too unbelievably stupid ...
they 've been in power more a long fucking time it 's not unreasonable to expect results after a decade of bullshit house of commons speeches .
nice and snug with no pinching pulling rubbing or pain .
when you look at your leg to put it on it hurt 's .
you can put your hand in between your socket and leg .
you are up to 20 ply 30 minutes after putting your leg on .
do a run with just the people on the current map you are on no instance switching or group finder allowed
i introduced my gf to blast corps on the n64 last night .
followed it up with some tony hawks pro skater on the ps1 .
it 's not cheating if we bone in the guest bedroom.
most times reason why your on the floor is becuase your brain didnt get enough damage to put you to sleep but enough to unbalance your footing and awareness it 's still brain damage with the cobwebs and when colby got tko 'd his jaw was already broken .
those fights took something from him and isnt going to be the same after .
i think khamzat mauls colby with his wrestling and finishes him with strikes .
i stan only one group and its a bg but i like a lot of groups and i feel like this is always coming from every side .
solo stans and group stans have a vendetta against each other every fandom has at least one other fandom they 're feuding with .
the bigger the fandom the higher the number of fandom feuds .
the only way you can escape this is by refusing to talk to other fans
like is said if you 've got other jobs that can be verified you 'll be fine .
idc if ppl wan na see what she looks like tbh it 's just a funny story of two stupid teenage girls where one ended up fucking the others life and the other one gets to live scot-free a tragic tale of teenage chaos
are still more than capable of masturbation without foreskin .
so my work had a training about this about a year ago and since i 'm in a red state there was some feet dragging about it .
i used the term a lot but since it comes from the assumption that everyone in business used to be male and it 's kinda just an antique by now i changed the language i personally use because i like cutting edge language .
when used to describe a group of people i 'm in it 's not about me so i could n't care less .
the person using the term is just using the legacy code so to speak .
like the stubborn mule that refuses to upgrade from windows 7 or something .
years ago when i had sex ed the teachers who were there explaining things had talked about mostly consent then went on to talk about sexual transmitted diseases and was talking about always wear a condom '' and stuff like that .
then this girl in my class i had a crush on them even before this yelled out loud i 'm glad i 'm gay then '' and the teacher was like wait no no no you can still get diseases anyway '' and i could tell they tried getting off the subject as soon as possible
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tittydrop if you have any questions or concerns .
it seems a bit nonsensical considering the other rider form animal themes and what not but if i had to hazard a guess i would say it 's probably to keep children from acting violent or being afraid of domesticated dogs .
for most people when they think about dogs they think about their pets or their friends/family members/neighbors pets .
wolves on the other hand while they can domesticated in a sense are still very much considered wild animals .
if i recall correctly the only non-wolf non-mythological canidae related character or monster in the entire kamen rider franchise is eve and he 's just a face on a chest plate .
me too i just try and tell myself i ca n't control it and they 're not true but sometimes it 's just so overwhelming it makes me feel physically sick
a. when did i say he should do it with executive action ?
it amazes me how the left acts as though israel palestine is a super simple issue that can just be solved by kindness .
no serious person is acting like it is a simple issue .
but you seem to love simplifying anyone you disagree with .
thats true about every opinion in sports fandom yet people still come here to post their opinions and talk about them .
why does everyone hate people who love driving cars i do n't get it 😔
i got matched up with a top 15 guy in refs h2h and he had over 1800 games played .
i was flattered in all honesty until i saw i was his 4th loss in a row .
ea was trying to give him an easy one .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shibainucoin if you have any questions or concerns .
it looks like it is styling q from the alfa romeo giulia .
nice will do currently just over halfway through the scottish leg of the trip so far .
we use protobuf+grpc and generate code from that using protoc .
for cases where the browser needs to communicate with the service we use grpc-gateway on the back-end to translate http json requests and responses .
i 'm a big fan of code generation for apis .
the docs should always be the source of truth and code generation goes a long way to enabling that .
i want a tamper proof seal on something i 'm not going to wash that 's going to touch my food .
let 's just get that out of the way .
in ohase 3 is still sus of empresslinda for her phase 1 vote .
also thinks it is weird that duq did n't vote .
i personally do n't think inactivity is something to really be sus of unless it makes/breaks a vote between wolves .
it 's a weird thing to point out specifically when others also did n't vote but he justifies it by saying duq tracked the votes all day .
i think this would actually make him more likely to forget because of course i submitted it i have been tracking votes all day ''
i spent the last two days razzing wywy for cutting you 're welcome in dsr2 so i 'm taking credit for distracting him out of making five comments last phase .
honestly i do n't like it when anyone gets removed for inactivity and i think it is a weird thing to take credit for even as a joke
i still would like to see more from marx and have him in my hard wolf category as the little bit i have seen from him is not helpful enough for me to lean anywhere near town .
imagine how great it would be if people who worked at starbucks actually enjoyed making coffee .
i 'm not rich nor go to starbucks often .
it 's a treat but it 's not so much a treat anymore because this drink is always made wrong .
if i ever go into the mechanical keyboard business i think i will call my keyboard the thock-o-matic .
french players are kind of wussies for not trying their luck abroad more often .
there 's currently one dude in bristol used to be flament and before that picamoles and tolofua .
perhaps you need a few explorers to create a snowball effect .
might also be an issue of the kind of value add foreigners prem sides will want to recruit are internationals and would lose some capacity to free themselves up for france but there 's definitely a more cultural answere here
glenn refusing to do anything morally gray even if the groups life was at risk .
such as trusting arron and trying to save people in terminus .
that 's cute uk those small glasses are most likely hard liquor .
bruh costa farms is out here charging 600 for a single plant but me taking succulent leaves off the floor of home depot is theft ? ? ?
i had a cop thank me for stopping before .
in my truck i 've seen plenty of hands on guns even when i have both hands at 10 and 2 .
only ever had 1 douche when i was on the bike .
i was going pretty fast when he lit me up .
he probably expected a chase and when i pulled right over his adrenaline did n't have time to mellow out .
i am looking to trade some upvotes just gave you one .
i 'm pretty sure her friend gave her that concussion you pretty much have to hold someone 's head to hip toss them like that .
you 'd probably shatter your elbow before making someone have a seizure
it 's been a problem for about 3-4 weeks now no acknowledgement from sony and its starting to look like a problem that will never be fixed .
i would n't know because i 'm up at night and sleeping during the day so it would basically be just a good night 's sleep er day 's and then getting back to studying .
so the more players that ties for third the less i would get ?
i feel like it depends on how we are defining and using same '' in this context .
i 'd say for the most part my boundaries have shifted as i 've grown but the overall values i 've had havnt changed .
my hobbies have shifted nearly ever year in some semi-cyclical pattern .
whether are not we are the same person is just a matter of to what you are referring and intending with the question .
we are always changing but we are always the same person
great advice wish i had more like that when young .
i want every drop of that hot cum down my throat 🥵🥵🥵 i love your foreskin covered cock
guess guys who get punched in the noggin for a living arent super smart
update engine light went on then now it 's off but experiencing same problem with acceleration the appt i had set up with a hyundai dealer called me to tell me that i did n't need service but did n't bother to read what i filled out then tells me they 're not gon na have techs and
it 's gon na take 2 weeks to diagnose the car .
i 'm upset so on friday i 'm heading to the hyundai dealer i got it from about an hour from me .
the gemstone aquamarine comes to mind for the color transition .
most doctors do have to work for the nhs .
who do you think works in the nhs hospitals ?
you said i could n't blame the government for my poor rate of pay .
unless i quit being a doctor i can not work for a different employer .
the government are the sole employer of doctors in training and set rates of pay .
it is hilarious that you have no idea how healthcare works in the uk and yet you are pretending to be an expert !
fifty years ago in madison wisconsin i saw a ball cap i 'd love to have .
it was from a feed store in sapulpa oklahoma and said ask me about bull manure .
i actually had one for hunger games it would be katniss everpeen and she would bang penis melarge
this post was removed because you have a new account and we get a lot of spam from newly created accounts .
if you wish to repost this please wait until your account is about 4 days old .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/macbookpro if you have any questions or concerns .
this has to do with an order being held by the usps .
tbh my first indoor grow is underway with no issues .
i bought a heat mat which i would recommend for consistent temperature during germination .
in fact i 'm blown away by their genetics so far .
have an avt that was slow to take off due to lack of airflow .
that is going freaking crazy same with a dbl grape .
so i do n't think it 's bad beans .
in fact i have a couple atlas strains and a barney 's farm going as well .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
you should tell her she bought a one-way ticket by choosing someone else .
it 's not your fault her sphere of influence was a world of bullshit .
but i am genuinely happier to have only one kid .
i 'm sure others are genuinely happier to have multiple kids .
yes you totally gave it time to spread and develop .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/paag if you have any questions or concerns .
beriddled and laughed out of town no matter how long he tried to learn math he left defeated .
unable to accept the crushing truth of such a cruel and judgmental world he set out to destroy it and create a new one .
a world where nobody would have to suffer like he had ever again .
defenders was decent it does what does well enough and did n't try to be something it was n't .
champion was a copy of the og game with the new battle system and suffered because of the lack of involvement in the game because of it .
i say a defenders style of play is the better choice for champions since the kaiju battle system would fit it better though
no lmao the electroacoustic part is cutting up/processing the sounds of the guitars .
i really do n't think it 's a wild claim at all to say a lot of folktronica uses basic electroacoustic techniques
could you do the same for this comment user-unknown777 ?
everyone having an electric car is like all of us having ac .
when you come home at 4-6pm and plug-in the grid is going have blackouts .
i know in bc we have the electrical capability to handle it but the infrastructure and power transmission is lacking .
even the more basic infrastructure to promote electric cars like charging stations at apartments are non existent .
honestly besides the provinces you mentioned others will be burning natural gas to meet that demand .
i honestly believe hydrogen would have been the better option but to each our own .
japan bets on hydrogen cars while we bet on electric cars .
both will exist in the world for different reasons .
xfest went hard tho ... when cake and offspring played that was primo sd
you 're welcome post is the first i read !
but then the lady housing her now recommended the plastics and uth and i hesitated from my original plan .
how would keeping humidity in the glass encloser work ?
yeah i could n't even see the console at first .
there 's a lot of elements i like about this but they need to stand out a bit more .
having everything being the same reflective colour does n't do it any favours .
oh shoot you 're right i just assumed it was the wandering balloon and you could prematurely finish the adventure .
not a problem but may take 30 or 40 minutes to enjoy
i know she 's been a pop singer her whole life and she grew up with country but her voice is really at its best in rock .
i hate to say this but i agree with what you said about liking the show for it 's potential and world building instead of the actual events that took place ... it just felt really off to me ?
maybe mostly because from what i heard is that gen urobochi did n't participate in the process of writing magia record .
i think what really threw me off is the characters .
as a magical girl in the original anime things were pretty bleak and the quintet acted like teenagers in a very tight situation .
in magia record i think they took being a magical girl pretty lightly other than felicia who was fueled by the death of her parents by a witch .
maybe it was because of the huge cast of characters ?
some felt really okay with the fact that magical girls are just unborn witches other than the wings of magius .
i mean it 's a given that people would react differently to the situation but her 's was very underwhelming .
for her character i would 've expected her to break down and stuff .
am i too mean for expecting all of this ?
i do n't think all that i 've said here is correct but this is what i felt watching the two seasons .
edit have n't played the game tho so i 'm not sure how much the story diverged from there .
additionally the animation was really great in some fight scenes so there 's that .
my favourite would have to be the patricia fight in season 2
i think my current lease says i must receive and give notice of 60 days prior to end term .
i 've mostly seen 60 days but i know some are 90 and you are correct that some are 30 .
should be under one of the first sections ie 1f of a standard nc agreement
at the very least i get to ride on a nature trail for half of my journey .
on the way home from work though its the morning rush hour all uphill on a freeway overpass for the first half of my journey lmao
check the closet/item box put on the ono michio outfit and hit the streets
i think meditation is supposed to help and some other things .
i do meditation at night sometime but that 's about it so far .
i know every place is different but that 's not too horrible
exactly and i think that if i honor their request that in the future if i make one when i order they will honor it
thing is like after the vaccines came out biden gave trump the credit for warp speed and then he 's pro vaccine .
i 'll be honest i think he was always pro vaccine but the people that chose to politicize the virus would not admit that and admitting his vaccine status boosted is like admitting the severity of the thing .
which brings out some exesrential dread and here we are
can you point to a state where republicans got the most votes in state legislative elections but democrats still maintained overwhelming control of the chamber s ?
if you say so who am i to refuse you what you asked for ?
im pretty sure it wouldve been a hood visual like bad bad or murder business
i 'm not in finance hell i 'm barely financially literate yet the concept of inflation came very easily to me and i do n't see why anyone would have any issues understanding it at a basic level unless they 've got a learning disorder .
ca n't speak about women but hat tip to you sir .
having sex whilst sober with a drunk woman has always been a turn off for me .
let em sleep and feel partially embarrassed in the morning .
have had plenty of sex whilst drunk and the woman is sober .
first time i heard that i was so mad at myself for listening to the whole thing but i was too busy laughing my ass off .
5 minute setup for a 10 second joke is nothing short of amazing .
i rather they play it safe especially this early in the season
naltrexone is non-addictive and can be used to support sobriety .
if you relapse naltrexone can be used an hour before the first drink of the day to help keep things from getting out of hand .
more info on those meds and others over at r/alcoholism_medication .
choppa he went the longest saying on december 21 black people will get super powers 😂
as someone who smoked for 20 years until this week you 're doing the right thing .
it 's a perfect example of how capitalism poisons even the most ostensibly benevolent ideas and ideologies .
i had a mutation stack of mosas that are like 300-400 of em
weak opening series from judge to kick off his contract tryout
haran would be a really good buff for him imo but i do n't think it 's worth chasing .
your ayato will be viable even without it 's .
elegy is pretty good and haran should be decent for multiple different sword characters
if cull kills one of her team she could very well turn bloodlusted and proceed to do to cull what she did to thanos in endgame .
i hope to god you did n't wear those and if you did wear them that they are still in good condition
they said the first year is hard but god damn it should not be that hard .
nothing will get better if you do n't look out for yourself .
they 're cute when they 're small and they make a funny sound when you pet them ... .there 's basically no down side here .
i 'm sorry that you went through all of that .
the types of abuse that you are describing are not the same as mental manipulation .
again it is not something that you can truly understand unless you 've lived it .
the way you are describing things tells me that while yes you have experienced abuse i am so sorry that you went through that no one should you have n't experienced the type of abuse that op has described .
your blatant dismissal and callousness towards how op has been treated over the last year continues to show that as well .
again i agree that op needs to get herself and her son out of the situation however minimizing ops own abuse is n't ok .
while you may have been able to get your head out of your ass '' and move on with your life .
it may take others years of therapy and help to work through the abuse that they 've experienced .
we do n't get to determine how anyone besides ourselves handles their own trauma .
while i can agree with you that op needs to get out i will have to continue to disagree with you minimizing someone 's abuse and trauma .
i would also suggest that while it is important that we take care of our children it as equally if not more important that we take care of ourselves .
if we are n't right with ourselves we ca n't be right for the ones we care about .
consider this if you are about to go down in a plane do you put the oxygen mask on yourself or your child first ?
this is what it feels like driving by an oversized truck in a ranger
you 've probably never heard your father say i 'm proud of you
if you do n't want this post anymore or ca n't complete it respond to this comment with unclaim .
please respond with done when complete so we can check this one off the list !
ℹ️ tip if you are an experienced transcriber and over 18 years old you can apply to be a moderator https docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1faipqlsdlwks_eyb9rf52in4yek6tfxadkvawktn54tqpmyj72hzkqa/viewform .
whenever we need more mods we look through all the applications to find the best fit for our team .
that 's part of the beauty of this game even you try very hard to sequence break the game work just as well !
the background pogo pogo is where you bounce up by down strike on something background pogo is where you do it with a background object those that can walk through but also can be cut down were noticed by developers a long time ago and were left there intentionally .
as you have demonstrated most bosses can be beaten as long as you can reach it !
so explore to your heart contempt and enjoy the fights !
have you ever read the dark tower series by stephen king ?
he 's got a few scenes with little service robots that are basically that for some gigantic gigabots
pls try and sleep more to make up for it
there 's a lot to process through here for v. i 'm the v in my situation and it 's almost identical to what you described except my partner developed feelings for my best friend .
as v it 's been mostly jealousy involved around my own insecurities like my body and the differences in sex .
i 've been working through my shit in the most healthy way possible but i have bad days sometimes too .
i 've developed a little bit of a clingy personality niche and my np likes it but still needs the time for her and her d. it 's a lot to navigate but i 'd say just ask what reassurance you can give v to make them feel safe .
d being safe and communicative to v can help also .
😁i hope this helped and if you wan na chat more about different dynamics and struggles or anything feel free to reach out .
edit it 's also important to note that the new relationship energy between you and d may be making v feel bad because there is a certain glow to my np when she sees d. while i 'm happy for her i also ca n't help but overthink and miss when she was like that for me .
also there 's lots of really good ways to deal with jealousy .
asking themselves why they feel that jealousy is a good step .
my relatives unlike my parents are religious and some are hasidic so even 23 and me knows im 100 hahhaah
i 'm the other hand it 's really sucky to play when you know at least two of the people outside the game are cheat/colluding .
i do n't think he did he clearly struggled with mental health and then a misunderstanding made him think his idol wanted to set him up
hey u/figimpressive3790 thank you for your post at r/autism .
this is just a friendly reminder to read our rules in the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/autism/wiki/config/sidebar if you have not already .
if you do not see your post you can message the moderators here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fautism .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/autism if you have any questions or concerns .
might cause the end of the world and we 've come close several times .
reading this name just made my morning sickness worse 😂🤢
this guy stole one of your pieces of identification hid it decided to gaslight you about it and then got mad that you searched for it ?
glad i saw in your edit that you ended it .
but if it 's anything that 's explicitly against the rules you might want to pull this down now .
otherwise just say the fuck you wan na buy .
there is three main sounds that every gun makes .
the mechanical sounds this is the firing pin striking the bullet the gas slide hitting the frame the slide slamming back into position ect .
the gas sounds the sound of the hot gasses being expelled through the barrel and meeting the cold air .
suppressors work by diffusing those hot gasses they are trapped in little outlets within the suppressor so the sound is much more dampened .
super sonic sounds this is sound of the bullet breaking the sound barrier this can be eliminated using bullets that travel and sub-sonic speeds .
these rounds used with a suppressor are the closest you will get to silencers used in movies .
the reason you hear two sounds in that video you hear the loud sounds created by the bullets breaking the speed barrier and then the sounds of the gasses interacting .
the reason there is a delay is for this reason with the plane flying and shooting towards us the supersonic bullets are traveling much faster than the jet and therefor the noise the bullets are creating is reaching us sooner .
then the mechanical and gas noises created from gun on the jet will reach you how long of a delay in between the noises depends on how far away the jet was when they fired .
racks slide on cochrane 's shotty adapt to this you robo-fuckknuckle . ''
not this particular recipe but agar has no taste just a more brittle but firmer texture compared to gelatine .
elon is going to overthrow parag and restore jack dorsey to the throne
would have to start off with someone a lot smaller 🤦🏻
i drove a tesla yesterday and it was the first time i was n't totally in love with the subi
what are those lights and where did you get them
actual person who knows what they 're talking about and is n't just bloodthirsty ?
i was on a flight out of germany there was a couple next to me i had the window seat .
just before we took off i was putting my phone on airplane mode and they went nuts telling me it was 'forbidden ' .
then asked me to swat seats so they could look out of the window i told them 'it is forbidden ' and then closed the blind .
people take trips without their spouses all the time and he should not be jealous of you seeing your family these are pretty big red flags .
i do n't know if he 's displayed behavior like this before but i know there are people who do n't show their true colors until after they are married .
please go see your family and if he can not be understanding of that it might be time to start rethinking things because this is not sustainable and is likely to escalate .
if you 're on pc click m try to roughly estimate your coordinates using the numbers on the bottom and left of the map .
then press p and type in those numbers left number on the top slot and bottom on the bottom then press continue/save or whatever and then when u click m again it 'll save as a waypoint .
you can have as many as you want so u can know where your base s are !
uj might be a stupid question does this have any potential to be fixed ?
lol omg i thought that was my photo for a second go look at my recent post they 're pretty similar
wild when i went back and watched labyrinth and realized it was her .
do n't send us a modmail about it we will not change it !
this is a spam protection mechanism tutorials on how to earn
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
ortho insoles did the trick for me no more foot or back pain
jeg har et meget spinkelt håb om at hun vågner op når først hun har fået ham og indser at han ikke er en skabning udover det sædvanlige og at han er ligesom andre børn og derfor kan indgå i sociale sammenhænge på ligefod med andre gennem hans barndom .
halback arrays are an excellent example of why magnetic fields are not a wave function but a literal thing that we do not understand .
it does dmg what else does it need to do ?
it also does n't need to do electro dmg it scales if em it does n't benefit from elemental bonus dmg .
also it 's not even true actually enemies like the wolves get pushed back allowing you to wail on them .
it 's a detriment at times but it can be useful too .
i want something like this so bad but i do n't know where to start equipment wise lol
it 's you who failed to see the hypocrisy in your mindset
does the opinion of someone who called hikaru shida a japanese sex object '' and japanese outlaw mud show girl '' matter ?
so how much better than the edge is the rogue ?
i mean i 'd say a partially ripened coconut but the bowling ball works too i suppose
you are in 05 cycle..that means your transcripts should '' update every week mainly thursday but it can take up to saturday .
most of us who have earned income credit are cycle 05 .
edit not sure why i was downvoted for this comment .
i really enjoy sleeping in same bed with my girl but i am grateful when she does n't sleep over .
not to say most people could do it but definitely possible
you can only contact u/22throwa by sending a message message/compose ? to=22throwa
comments on this post are automatically removed unless you have have lots of karma or you are an approved user !
this is due to spam and people not reading the rules r/agegappersonals/wiki/index .
if you have low karma or the poster has messages turned off it is possible you may only be able to chat
serious issues if the issue is not obvious e.g .
message moderators about this post https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/agegappersonals subject=https www.reddit.com/r/agegappersonals/comments/u102jy/40_m4f_dmvnova_older_daddy_seeking_sweet_fun_and
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/agegappersonals if you have any questions or concerns .
do not engage with vendors '' in your dms info about scammers https www.reddit.com/r/weed/wiki/information/scammers
selling or attempting to source drugs is against site-wide terms of service and is an immediate non-reversible permanent ban .
lastly please report any posts/comments that you see breaks the rules .
help keep r/weed a more inviting atmosphere for everyone !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/weed if you have any questions or concerns .
titchmarsh was the chancellor of my university so i had a brief conversation with him when i graduated .
lovely chap seemed very willing to talk to us all .
i usually feel the pushback and i never try to push it over the limit .
i just think i had to much of my body weight forward so i speed up to quickly for it to even try and stop me .
i mean it 's a procedural so sure it 's formulaic .
but to say it 's the same script is just so wrong .
law order ncis and the like is what that would apply to .
i told my mom sorry that 's insane to think i 'd listen to a literal half ass apology .
if your brother is so much better than you and has his shit together then why is he moving in with your dad ?
... could you please explain the second one for me ?
workers could make that choice of they wanted to .
you keep saying it like as if it 's a privilege of being a worker ...
but actually being a worker is a privilege because you did n't form the business with incoming cash flow ... you first went to work for someone else who knew better than you .
the entire business corporate world is about building proteges and apprentices and teaching them how to do things and ordering them around .
without this concept they are nothing on their own .
why should n't people have more control over their lives ?
you 're advocating for socialism where you have zero control over your life because everyone is decided by the central communist party .
the workers together decide that you are now to stop doing coding at work because they think you suck and they take a vote and they decide you should now do garbage collection at the workplace what will you do ?
but workers in a workplace do n't care they just care about you from a social friendliness or socialist perspective ...
they remember when you objected to something they said .
but compare to a boss a boss can treat you like shit but if he does he has to worry about you leaving and reducing profits overall or his boss yelling at him to rehire you .
but in a workers co-op '' you do n't get that chance they agreed together to kick you into a shitty role and then maybe to fire you .
see the people who love worker co-ops are often the people who already believe their own boss hates them due to being unprofitable and unskilled .
dotnet core seems to be dependent on the visual studio version for example the highest version you can use with visual studio 2017 is 3.1 if i remember correctly .
does not apply when replying to this stickied comment .
what this means please keep any meta '' discussion directed at specific users mods or r/conspiracy in general in this comment chain only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
he was trying to play body and land a hit sure stutzle trying to avoid it is what caused all the rest
once you clear the dungeon the tower will leave your map .
if there are any still on your map you have n't found their dungeons yet
added on spotify and ca n't stop jammin and jiggin ! !
if you 're referring to lw that 's a high end batch .
and do n't quote me on this i think it 's the parent factory of pk
yeah i 've got godparents who i do n't think i ever met after age 3 .
the moon room that took it over has trivia nights once or twice a week now !
when people lie like this about other people it makes it so no one is believed !
how many people have been caught in lies and then people want to know why the community is n't fighting for them .
two why would you even want to do that ! ?
i 'm supposed to be seeing a doctor about this again and i always really struggle to communicate what i 'm trying to say to them .
now i can tell them at least that i got a 175 on this test
when your main character is a literal talking skeleton you do n't expect messed up things to happen based on that fact alone baffeks me .
aniz no gawn genocide a army with a snap of the finger for s scarified for horrific monstrousltirs to kill even larger armies .
yes that 's certainly true but i think it 's more than that .
we know hanno is suppose to be a stand-in for mann as a child .
maybe the general theme of not fitting in and not succeeding is enough .
no and i guarantee they did n't donate a thing to the victims .
young women always say stuff like this i assume .
this dude has two counts of sexual assault to me one for oral and the other for when shes sleeping .
no hate at all to you op but can anyone tell me why the mods approved this post but none of mine about football soccer tea ?
i have an ipad i bought a few years ago and it 's near-eol .
i 'd sooner put the money towards a phone with a bigger screen .
did you lose your banked units and credits after completing the first victory point ?
if it makes you feel any better no one really matters in the grand scheme of things .
i really want to say portugal but i might be a little biased in terms of other teams i think argentina brazil and england could win
hi u/mochilovee thank you for submitting a picture to r/thighhighs .
unfortunately due to posters being unable to read the name of the sub this message is left on all submissions .
so if you have posted a picture where you or the subject of the photo is wearing thighhighs you have nothing to worry about and we hope you have a nice day .
this is a garment not a high of thighs '' not thick thighs '' .
do you as a reader see a picture without thighhighs ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thighhighs if you have any questions or concerns .
is it safe to say this was inspired by the comments on this post https www.reddit.com/r/minecraftsuggestions/comments/u0h0li/what_if_echo_shards_could_upgrade_the ?
or just another case of the sub being a hive mind lol .
the spyglass would have a use finally but its still pretty dang situation .
if given the option to look at a mob to slow them down or just hit them with an arrow i think most will just kill the mob with arrows .
join us on twitter https twitter.com/parrot\_gang\_nft and join our discord https discord.gg/jzjxs9f8mv then send your wallet and you 're nickname twitter to the room wallet gang .
and check out the rest of the parrot industry https opensea.io/zoosociety good luck
could you wait more than 5 days before reposting please ?
seems gimmicky but i include it for completeness and it may be fun to mess around with using vampires pay lp so ghost fusion can use from deck and maybe incorporating eldlich which has a fusion monster
there was also new shiranui/mayakashi support in the ocg 's secret shiny box and you can just incorporate those into generic zombie decks .
ok i geuss practicing with memory is what i need to do
én elolvastam le pen ideológiáját a wikipédián és igazából nem olyan rossz egyedül attól tartok hogy ha a britek után a franciák is kilépnek az euból az már a vége lesz az egésznek és kiszolgáltatva maradunk az oroszoknak
macronnak is tetszik az ideológiája ecenteléggéristának tűnik csak tartok az olyan emberektől akik liberálisnak nevezik magukat .
you have to change the settings from the graphic control panel either the general ones or the ones relative to a single program
i know someone who did this with women that are ex cons and ca n't really get jobs .
he got them hooked on something they cant usually afford until he lowers the amount of drugs given and before you know it you 're getting pumped by 10 guys a day for a little line and a mcdouble
not to be rude but i think your response is indicative of the problems this subreddit has when discussing topics in general .
i definitely agree that the solutions are not particularly pleasant expressions .
although at the end i am going to numerically evaluate them with a given set of parameters and compare the closed form solution to a simulation result which was performed by other methods .
my interest lies in observing the behaviour of the measurement uncertainty of such equations depending on the length or the argument list .
the simplest case is to use gaussian uncertainty propagation and therefore i need these derivatives .
so if you do n't come back it will be because you came back to back noted
i guess medic because he has a back pack that can infinite heal them just keep them alive and they will heal anything just keep him away from any animal organs and yourself
was trying to grab that did n't even think to take screenshots before this step as everything seemed boring normal .
i 'll try again in the morning but if one or two other apes with a fractional share wants to try i 'd recommend it .
when i just logged back in before i got that error in the screenshot above it did n't even show that the fraction sell order went through or anything so that 's good cool !
but i still would like to know what that 19,000 per share 14,000 for 0.72 a share is !
instead of saying platinum he should i will give you same ppprime
the things are gigantic pushing those things at 50 knots is n't gon na get much better mileage using combustion engines .
the weapon slots are kinetic energy and power and the ammo types are primary white special green and heavy purple .
stasis weapons that use primary or special ammo currently go in the kinetic slot but they 're not kinetic weapons .
you can see this through bounties old bounties that just state kinetic weapons donr progress with stasis weapons but newer bou ties that state weapons in the kinetic slot do .
stasis weapons were out there so they would n't be competing with energy weapons needed for match game activities .
i would like to see that 1928 coin out of the bag .
i 've never seen one before what is it ?
i wish i had a lot more money i 'd have piles of silver .
i do n't know why but i really like it especially unique bars .
assuming you 're a guy if you 're not a guy please edit my sentiment appropriately
just another day in the ‘anything goes ' nz real estate auction rooms
the duckie just needed to get it 's zoomies in !
you can be flat but you have other ways to serve properly those lips look nice i 'm sure you can do some good things with that mouth .
the parameters of the law can be interpreted differently .
in that case since you have n't managed to prove me wrong you need to accept that it 's a valid argument to say that israel 's offers did not meet the requirements as per international law .
we will not reply to modmail messages similar to what is reason my post was removed ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
there does n't need to be a connection lol .
they are n't plastic explosives why would they just explode ?
i am around the same age as leah and i have to say at this age i find a man using tiktok very off-putting .
if i were on a date and my a date told me he post videos on tiktok i would pass .
please remember there are real people on the other side of the monitor and to be kind .
report comments that break the rules and do n't respond to negativity with negativity !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/comics if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've felt strong jealousy of trans men and when i examined that feeling i realized it was a feeling of they get to be guys and i do n't ''
but i now realize i can be a guy .
i do n't have to sit in that jealousy i can make it happen for myself too
and one of them is actually a real call and somehow they thought i 'm quarantine in selangor when i 'm in johor
you 'll never need them to have high enough loyalty to seize land ever .
you used the item 'bear feet ' and did 13 extra sinful damage .
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
put some words into my mouth while telling me what i think why do n't you ?
dude is n't naked in a cold environment he 's more likely sitting in an climate controlled environment while fully clothed .
there are many reasons a person might feel a chill in an environment they normally find comfortable and it 's crazy that you guys are so quick to jump on weight loss as the obvious culprit .
9x19mm is for western retards real comrades uses 9x18mm makarov .
i 'm not familiar with this app and could n't find details online
there has to be a limit to not reporting law-breaking .
80mph in the outside overtaking lane of a motorway is entirely different to 50mph in a 30mph area .
it seems that your comment contains 1 or more links that are hard to tap for mobile users .
i will extend those so they 're easier for our sausage fingers to click !
here is link number 1 previous text pic '' https i.imgur.com/hslllcv.jpg
68154 is its roll number ... looks like a cow tho ...
aye do the leakers say turkey pult will be coming soon ?
i really hate that gamers '' are known for this now .
i consider myself a gamer as in enjoyer of video games but i do n't like to say it because almost everyone used the word gamer like you just described .
god remember how we sat down with hitler and negotiated peace .
hell do n't get me started with the pacific peace talks during ww2 .
just lay down your weapons and have a glass of tea with the invading force ... surely that will end genocide ... why is this lady being so loud and aggressive ?
she should speak softly and peacefully ... surely that would highlight her point right ?
look i did n't quite understand what you are saying but having a stone in your hand there are hundreds of scientifically proven ways to say that that thing exists it is a stone and it is not a living or sentient being .
i think it was kind of one of these games .
i do remember playing pajama sam and umm the purple car one too .
i need an actual calc of undyne 's powers that make her fast enough to keep up with dio .
he was this hot very obviously gay guy so im pretty open to that
someone posted here a while back saying nikky '' tp from pound stretchers was the lad of toilet rolls .
cheaper comfier ... . more ... er ... than anything in supermarkets
if be interested if op could crunch the numbers for us .
i feel like this meme was born like 24 hours ago or something today is the first day i 've seen it and i 've seen it like 3 times .
my wife asked me about something and i said wait a sec they 've got a man on base so they 're all going to strike out now and she said you said that a lot last year !
i used to when the game came out for extra money .
going into season 1 it 's not worth it .
you 'll have more than enough money so i just delete the trailers if i 'm near them .
this is sloppy on my part vin is connected to a header pin that i plan to only connect if the battery is disconnected strictly for debugging purposes
can only 1 seat recline or was there some sort of booking issue ?
i tried a diy condom once and now i have two kids ... badass
oh cool ca n't wait for everyone to ignore the transit masking mandates like they did for the last 2 years .
i knew he was known for historical novels such as ivanhoe which became popular in the antebellum south as the idea of a romanticized view of history appealed to plantation owners .
i would n't call them gay necessarily but they 're definitely on the lgbtq spectrum
would n't it be beneficial for the succession and survival ?
before someone tries to well technically this i 'd like to point out that even though some of the positions share queen moves they are still different positions so the sequences are technically different .
distance you drive going back home is counted when using expense method as well
2nd but use photoroom or something similar to remove the background
just saw an article a week or two ago that stated scpd is considering releasing the shannon gilbert 911 call tape .
in between uses after wringing it out you 'll want to keep the cotton cloth in a container submerged in water .
it 's the same upkeep instructions for cloth filters .
if you leave the cotton out to dry without throughly cleaning it the coffee oils oxidize and will impart a nasty rancid flavor .
it 's also got two attacks each turn while only taking your bonus action so that 's pretty nifty .
he 's not golfing tweeting watching tv or simping for putin enough .
28.12 team personnel are only allowed in the pit lane immediately before they are required to work
on a car and must withdraw as soon as the work is complete .
all team personnel carrying out any work on a car in the pit lane when the car is in its pit stop
position during the qualifying practice session or during a race pit stop must be wearing
helmets which meet or exceed the requirements of ece 22.05 european motorcycle road
helmet dot usa motorcycle road helmet or jis t8133-2015 class 2 – jpn protective helmets
absolutely no idea if they 're wild caught or captive bred .
i work at a fish store and this one was brought in from a man 's community tank that has since become unreachable .
i said trump was worse than any other president because he came close to ending democracy in the united states and would have done so if he had been reelected .
definitely was pre meditated we 've never even gone to club before now all of a sudden she wants too
such a fun series ca n't wait to see them at msi .
i 'm doing carries it 's so much harder trying to keep them alive the whole time and tbh its so much harder to solo it inside
all i 'm saying is you do n't need to reach out to your landlord to get the rules .
an ll knows that so they wo n't evict you over something that was n't written down .
i 'm literally so proud of everybody and i 'm glad to have coordinated this whole thing !
i 'm so happy and could n't have done these without everyone who participated ! !
i 'm bad at wording things out so i 'll just do a bit of promoting
so go check out everyone else 's art too though some have stated that they do n't draw or so but check em out anyway
oh i agree but in the case for the shelby 's mustangs yenko camaros aar cudas and ta challengers i would make an exception as they are to rare for us normal folks to afford .
i think i 'm in lust ! ! ! ! !
the out all night scene was really frustrating to watch .
he was just trying to punish her for not wanting to talk to him the night before by making her worried about him all night .
also no one is actually out '' until 8 am the bars are closed he stayed somewhere .
then when he kept repeating that he did it because she made him mad .
so every time he 's angry he gets to act however he wants with no consequences ?
he could have just said he was staying with a friend because he was angry and needed space .
bro if you killed her body then she 's gon na die lmao
and it should be free and automatically mailed out to every registered voter .
unfortunately your post has been automatically removed for being too short .
posts in breakingbad require 100 characters or more in the text '' field of your post .
it is recommended that you resubmit your post instead of editing it as automoderator will not know to reapprove your post if you edit it to comply .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/breakingbad if you have any questions or concerns .
except that thc stays in your system for over a month in frequent smokers and we have no way to diferentiate if someone is currently impaired or if they smoked a joint at a concert 3 weeks ago .
yeah i agree with you trophs need large groups and are super aggressive so maybe one day when i have a species specific tank haha
i wish the girl could know that everyone on reddit is rooting for them to smash and put all this behind them
emma mackey and margot robbie in the same movie .
i 'm calling there 's going to be some doppelgänger plot twist involved .
dude i do n't care if a coworker is a party animal as long as they do their job well wtf ?
actually i like 'em as they invite me out sometimes .
r/onlyfanspetite is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspetite if you have any questions or concerns .
oh boy yeah gives me chills riding it and just looking at it in the garage .
i have n't done any real dirt yet as we are coming out of winter in co and just got it a few weeks ago .
riding on the road is pure joy from the handling to the engine roar .
i 've heard it 's a beast in the wild .
the plan is to do easier bdrs idbdr nmbdr etc .
with it and the more technical routes with the wrr .
it is a bit intimidating coming from the wrr but fun to think about all the routes i can get to without trailering or renting one way uhauls now 😁 good luck on your journey !
this is mainly from photos but i sort of still remember it but when i was 2 years old i wanted to go to the zoo for my birthday to see the pigs i got to go pet them and say hello my memory is vivid but it 's still there
see i have the iron alloy recipe already so i can increase both .
actually with inflation £40 in 2002 would be around £70 today .
so the balrog is somehow cheaper in the mto than it was when it came out though it‘s still too expensive ! !
it was discontinued years ago but had like 12 or 15 tent pole sections .
ca n't remember specifically how i found it but perhaps you can find a used one ?
i dont mean just merchants anyone selling things has a bell including the turtlepope .
he 's way too sturdy for someone that screams with every other hit
i do n't know what it is about gallo but he 's one of my favorite players and i still root for him through all his struggles .
i 've said that about gleyber and hicks but i 've found myself frustrated with them
tarot cards are n't connected to spirits or anything .
they 're drawings that have different meanings and represent different things none of which are malevolent .
yeh i started a new game with a friend and it happened second time i went to hub when i did early hub .
in my first game he is still standing there edging out and i 've beaten volcano manor .
i have never even thought to negotiate i just had a budget
yeah i mean u can invite whoever u want but the flip side of that is accepting declines graciously .
etiquette is intended to avoid hurt feelings on all sides so rules about inviting established couples also work for you because established couples are n't likely to go to a wedding without the other half .
jean-luc 's head snaps up from his hammock a look of consternation written on his face .
without missing a beat he opens the storage rack next to his bed and in one fluid motion he swings himself over to the 2 pounder hotchkiss .
he deftly and absentmindedly opens the breech chambers the shell closes the breech and grabbing the lanyard cord in one hand while propelling himself away from the wall with the other the gun fires with an authoritative wump .
using his rearward momentum jean-luc sleepily snatches another shell for his return to the breech .
gon na need to give more than a choose the lesser evil '' argument to win people over otherwise we 'll just have a repeat of the 2016 election .
be prepared to adjust lighting depending on how they look .
do n't forget to tell them the fact that they 're even asking that question shows how stupid they are .
if your body retains too much water some of that goes in your brain and reduces brain function temporarily
i did not explain it well in that word salad but this is a real thing
i am speculating that is part of the reason benadryl makes you feel temporarily ‘retarded '
just the fact that i can experience sending gen 3 pokemon into gen 4 blue pill all day
i 'd say try taking another set of pics no clothes .
some recipes say to add that salt 15 minutes after the starter has been incorporated .
have a bowl of water ready so you can dip your hand in before handling the dough .
the dough should be less sticky by the time you start doing folds .
if there 's actually an issue i would happily loop in gamers nexus .
i just bought a corsair to replace it but i may exchange it for a seasonic .
this will soon become an unattended server as an off site backup and i really ca n't have it lighting on fire
my parents are life long liberal party voters australian .
a lot of their church friends are the same but have gone full anti-mask/vaxx pro-trump and the australian versions of him etc .
i do n't know why but for some reason they managed to avoid it and have moved back central .
my mum is even toying with the idea of not voting lnp at the coming election which blows my mind .
it wo n't happen but the fact she 's considering it is incredible .
honestly i think it 's probably due to john oliver .
it 's a show i know they watch and it 's probably been enough to keep them chilled out a bit .
he straight out said he has no contact for kott 4 and hear from nobody about next one .
so assumed official contact that involved with him ended on kott 3 after the match got canceled .
but regardless at this point anything is just excuse already he either pull or not pull .
he does not pull fine ryan could focus more on other opponents and move on .
rvj gave the feeling that he gave up this time and no longer chase the top spot in the sport anymore his choice though .
the problem is the legacy of the ethiopian empire it 's how this country has been run so there 's no room for improvement without changing the system
i think ben franklin would be fuckin bitches listening to ye
you really should n't do that with your starting battery .
besides the fact that starting batteries are n't good at deep cycling you 're also risking not being able to start your car the next morning .
a second deep cycle or lithium battery or batteries that can be used to run stuff in camp without draining your starting battery is the way to go here .
she mainly used it for formula and baby food .
but i can imagine a situation where putin gives him no choice but to give the order to march .
be in the middle of a forest with sparse settlements for the next 500 miles
you can wrap both hands around my cock while you ride my face.. feel it throb while you cum on me .
he averaged like 13 shot attempts per game and was shooting less and less as the season came to a close .
you could see game to game that he would look to kick out more and a lot of the times he would be frustrated because our guys would n't move off the perimeter to give him an open pass opportunity .
he 's been reiterating that he wants to play winning basketball instead of looking for his own shots in most of the post game pressers the past few months .
he even said that originally silas pushed him to shoot the ball a lot and he wanted to stray away from that
looks like she wo n't be getting to that one until early september !
i certified 2/13 so now i 'm just waiting and hoping
sorry you already look like a roast so no need to lol all love
please edit the body of your post to include ! unlock to allow comments if you wish .
people leaving their posts locked can still receive pm 's .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/inlandempirepersonals if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nudecelebsonly if you have any questions or concerns .
i only see a tub with no lid and a humidity hide ? ?
mine is a medium sized penguin beanie baby called pongo !
the best worst part is that i actually thought submitting something like this for the map contest
sorry about your tree friend sounds like it was in a bad way but was probably still very cool .
of course you can leave something there to honor the tree spirit .
honestly almost anything that is meaningful just make sure it 's not toxic to animals if edible .
i think mr. z will meet with mr. p and have a sit down and mr. p will let dude rule as long as people what him in .
its all about brics and mr. z is gon na wake up if he haant already and see the that power is on that side not us .
we to busy playing tiktok trying be viral and taking in media like its an iv .
we distracted and those old cranks have never passed torch to genxers cause they had it rigged to benefit them not us .
but this world has other nations that have gained more power .
when we did not put the importance of the education of all children fairly .
why would you not want to see your future generation suceed ?
because they are too busy playing in in the rings of hell and trying to take kids with them .
to me this year gon na be like no other ever thought possible .
i thought you meant blm as in black lives matter for some reason and i got very confused 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
even his butt grab is hesitant like he 's trying to remember the choreography .
it looks like there may be more to this story .
click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=updatemebot subject=subscribe message=subscribeme 21 20 2fr 2fnosleep 20 2fu 2fgrimreaper2000s to get a reminder to check back later .
one time i had to wait for over 3 hours with my daughter in the er and we were only in the er because the pediatrician wanted them to do the stitches based on the location .
i kept telling my daughter who was 6 at the time how happy i was we were waiting because the children who were going before us were sicker or hurt worse and she was uncomfortable but not as sick as those kids .
if a 6 year old can understand this how can an adult not understand this ?
no one is dumb enough to buy this putins price hike mirage
the show the site is named after was on from 1998-2008 .
for me radahn fight was just running around and staying alive to keep re summoning npcs .
i think i managed 3 hits in the whole fight .
i could probably slap some aftermarket flood lights on as i travel mostly backroads in louisiana and the extra light is very nice for deer and such
yeah that 's a red flag from me dawg .
i do n't even think ben simmons ever said he hated philly .
not everyone is an expert such as yourself be considerate .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ak47 if you have any questions or concerns .
tell him you have never been asked that question by a guy because you only date straight men .
if you and your opponents are not sticklers for wysiwyg you could build the one you like more and then just proxy it !
i 'm actually planning on proxying a cut-down suppressor autocannon as my legionary heavy weapon .
it 'll double as both because i do n't want to commit
i 'm gone from 730-1700 and still feel like i have plenty of time for r r at home
i 'm sure there 's some streaming website that has it on their servers .
put on an ad blocker and you 're set .
could be many things ... more money fast close a good well-known lender attached to the pre-approval good communication .
first thing i do before writing an offer is message the listing agent to ask what the sellers are looking for in an offer .
do they want to live there until their new house is ready ?
maybe a longer or more flexible close would be preferred .
write into the contract that no repairs will be requested and the inspection is just for the buyer 's knowledge .
lastly go see properties fast as soon as they hit the market and put in an offer immediately .
sometimes a seller just wants to sell quickly so they 'll take a first offer if it 's reasonable .
decent offer a little above asking financed with a 10-day inspection period a fast close and the best lender in town attached .
the listing agent and i had a good rapport and they accepted right away .
they did minor repairs and we closed just under four weeks later .
my friend out of state wrote a love letter .
as an agent i hate them but it worked for them .
the sellers were the heirs of their parents ' home and they had grown up there .
my friend is a young wife with two small children .
they chose her offer even though it was financed and not the highest offer because they liked the family and wanted them to make new memories in their childhood home .
dude they are probably just fans who seen a trend .
that 's why i use goodrx then i can buy all the sleeping pills in the store
there 's a difference between the boss 's discretion to make decisions and the customer 's responsibility to tattle and/or try to get someone fired .
i would say that if you 're worried for his safety you would probably want to wake him up .
other than that you have no obligation at all to help the boss do their job .
if they 're concerned about an employee or whether they might fall asleep they either should n't schedule them to be by themselves or they should fire them .
being the boss ca n't be only about making more money .
there 's supposed to be harder elements to it like the ability to predict or determine whether an employee will work out and when they wo n't .
why do some people think every story about crime drugs and/or homelessness in the pnw belongs in the seattle sub ?
lol that would mean 1 buys what a 1 cent bought in 2020 .
yes the lottery system has a five day period from when a plot is available for you to put in the funds for a lottery slot .
after that whoever is the winner has four days to confirm the purchase .
some of this is solid advice but some is statistically preposterous .
you 're listing a ton of maybes as if all of them are sure to happen to this one child .
i hope the op understands that many people have children with none or only a few of these things happening .
i 'm giving it one month to update and see !
for example a civic doing 60km/hr can stop faster than ... say ... a ford f250 doing 40km .
this is surprisingly not true all things being equal however it does hurt more to get hit with an f250 .
yes op they just leave it there all day so you cant get your milkies .
2 hrs hours i was omw on my way to las vegas so i had plenty of times
travel full time with a carry on 35l ultralight pack from a canadian cottage company .
it 's convenient and easy also durable enough to handle some trekking if i choose to do so ... used it for 3 months on the pacific crest trail .
i prefer carry on travel since no bag fees or lost bags .
your post https redd.it/u1qrfk has been removed from r/nosleep for violating the following rules
the only thing in brackets or parenthesis should be a reference to which part '' of your series the post is .
since titles can not be edited on reddit please repost your story with a corrected title .
i am a bot and this was automatically posted .
do not reply to me as messages will be ignored .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnosleep if you have any questions concerns or bugs to report.
that will soon be our future if we do n't intervene !
i love chrome and will not accept anybody saying it 's a thing of the past .
real good chrome is hard to scratch and cleans with a simple microfiber wiping .
the next class the professor looked at me silently and than started the class .
wait they 're not already doing that for you ?
as far as i 've seen as long as they do n't start their turn within melee range they gun straight for the back liners .
were these places with an overarching property manager that manages the whole block type thing ?
or just individual property managers were offering this sort of set up ?
and if it is temp remind yourself of the reality and make the necessary steps bro .
tbh no idea what the definition should be my first comment was a joke but then the dude used being a state with a government '' as the definition so i said it 's setting the bar a bit low
ca n't dm u but i 'm down jus add my snap heybaby10293
che pasame la pelicula de la trans trabajadore sexual que quiere convertirse en le mejor jugadore de majong del mundo se ve buena .
aetherpath is n't a great dungeon imo and i love dungeons .
it 's heavy on mechanics that are n't well explained or intuitive but the worst part about it is that there just are n't many enjoyable fights .
the oozes are particularly tricky especially if players do n't listen or try and learn .
there are multiple strategies that do work and the oozes can even be completed solo by some classes but even with an experienced party its easy to fail .
all that said if you have a party who is familiar with the dungeon it 's not that hard to clear and the guaranteed exotic at the end will sell for a minimum of a couple gold making it well worth the time and effort .
dad 's coworker 's wife works in funeral services .
she was once called to pick up a body but they warned her that it 's not the nicest kind .
a guy climbed into a container to pick out something .
however this container was an automatic scrap metal compactor at a scrap yard .
and you might know that hydraulics turn distance into force so it compacted super slowly but inevitably .
nobody heard a thing because the machines are quite loud .
i have decided i never want to witness such a thing for myself..
because it opens a gate that you can no longer close .
the tenant was a holdover from the previous owner who worked throughout the pandemic and paid like clockwork until the eviction moratorium
i follow this guys instagram he was a cast member on married at first sight honeymoon island and his entire page is full of these ridiculous quotes that are cheesy af .
could you please return it on some posts of mine ?
i wo n't be buying it if i ca n't play as male byleth from the start .
dood go on the trans girls sub and find a sista to give em too .
a lot of trans buds are struggling they 'll love you for it !
personally i go to amazon decent selection for me and no identification on packing to give away what 's inside
yeah when gold mines and collectors being 6 days are one of the shortest upgrades it 's insane
reinstalling messenger helped for a day but the problem occured again
i do n't have a doctor at the moment so im stuck in limbo taking it until i can find a doctor worth a damn .
only tricky thing ... they make everything sound so good .
and its difficult to know how things translate with them at first .
got ta train those ears to know where the blind spots are .
i think the biggest issue at first was where to put the lead vocal.. but in your genre it wo n't be an issue .
just listen to tons of music on them as a music consumer before using them as monitors especially listening to music you know by heart so you can really get to know how the phones sound .
you 're never too old to find someone you like .
thing is they used to be really good products i have some harley boots that are 18 years old and they 're still as good as new thick leather about 10 years ago ish i thought to myself self you deserve a new pair of boots you 've had these for a while so i went to the harley store grabbed the exact same pair of boots the letter was half the thickness and i felt like i could rip the soles off
needless to say i did not buy them and i still have my originals .
that 's what happens when you outsource everything to the cheapest bidder and just put your name on it because it used to be quality
the way stronger and work bitch have been used twice but break the ice piece of me im a slave 4 u circus criminal and baby one more time have n't been used at all ... give us a season full of britney lipsyncs pleek
i hope you can sit down your wife and talk to her how hurtful and insensitive it is to you to hear that and how invalidating it is to your upbringing/childhood .
just because your childhood was different than the norm '' does n't not excuse her to down talk your life and memories like that .
she would n't say this to your daughter 's face why is she okay with saying it with you ?
it 's a fucking kid that does n't have a developed brain .
it 's straight up child abuse to put hormone blockers on them and that alone makes the trans community look like shit .
you should be ashamed of yourself for thinking this is acceptable
as a business owner if i make a mistake i own it .
guarantee the contractor spent more than 200 in time fighting this .
it 's just stupid to argue over 200 on a project .
there is either trust or distrust with a contractor .
if you did n't trust him why do business with him ?
i met with a homeowner on a 100k deck/screened in porch project tonight .
explained that we could n't do what we had originally planned .
the revised scope is more complicated and more labor .
explained i was going to have to eat about 5k .
but that i should 've explained it sooner but had other things i was dealing with and did n't get around to it death in the family .
i would 've eaten the 5k before i would ever argue with a customer over a mistake .
never ask questions for which you do n't want the answer 👌
but ask again in 6 months and we 'll see ...
there are different types of abuse and varying levels of it .
i do think it is a form of emotional abuse to show blatant favoritism to a child when you have so many other children .
all children require love care and praise ... not just the one whose outperforming the others .
i ca n't imagine playing a fighting game on a streaming service would be a great idea .
to be fair i do n't know anyone in the world that knows absolutely everything about the field they work in .
so yeah you might be hella smart and let 's say know alot about nuclear fission or maybe you spent your whole life working in cryogenics using examples from the universe that they would have specialized in but does n't mean you 've ever sat down and built or deconstructed a bomb .
also when it comes to mechanical use usually scientists do n't do much in building or creating things yes there are some that do not saying there are n't just that most do n't they usually have a mechanical engineer that builds the equipment or whatever they need or use .
scientists usually just know how to use it and use them to for there field of study .
so it 's not really that far off to believe that a extremely smart scientist might not know how to disarm a bomb collar if they 've never had to deal with one before .
but i like people family friends in the house with me in their own rooms .
yeah but did n't she yank out the hair and run ?
just cut one hole for your whole lower half to go through .
then you can hoist the trash bag up containing the dress far enough to pee .
employment is not a charitable endeavor but a necessity for businesses to generate goods and services and ultimately profit beyond what a sole proprietor can on their own .
i assure you that businesses will continue to hire as few people as possible at the lowest compensation possible regardless of the tax rates they and their owners pay .
this article is in part a reaction to netflix trialing a crackdown in password sharing in latin america ahead of a potential implementation in north america .
i do n't necessarily blame people for sharing passwords but i do blame them for throwing a tantrum now that it may be coming to an end .
i get it if you are sharing it to watch a single episode of something as a genuine trial .
but if you are willing to sit through 8 hours of the witcher season 2 or 10 episodes of love is blind season 2 ca n't you pay 15 for it ?
if you are willing to commit that amount of time to it you must want it at least a bit .
people can pay the price of a discounted movie ticket for something you like that much .
based on your username why are you waiting for the us go get'em !
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/combinedgifs/comments/tonqtr/backbreaking_gotta_be_repost 32 32
the village is mostly solo players and we just make sure to not shoot visittors
just a question or two i have about this issue .
is n't there a state or federal regulating body over companies hiring practices ?
if not is there any watchdog group that has some bite that can take companies to task for unfair or scam hiring practices ?
it 's funny too because there are dead warlock models in the game .
it was the main reason destiny 2 existed for a while .
the red war had models albeit basic ones for each class .
they stay in the back or where it would be safest and support the team .
the legendary warlocks we see are probably the most aggressive ones you 'll ever see .
so chances are the second a hunter or titan dies like final death dies .
but because it 's a smart thing to do .
gameplay wise they 're as cracked as your average hunter and as aggressive as your average titan .
if you search this sub for the word 'port ' you 're sure to get the last several posts about this question .
gears of war is the best multiplayer shooter ever yes
if disney world closes will gaetz find new hunting grounds ?
i can never get the bottom to match exactly .
i am not against pre-builds but you have to do research before buying or you 're going to get screwed .
i would highly suggest to know pc parts before buying anything pre-built or not .
no one is stopping you from being together you can still be together in an another country .
here are a few points of information from the moderators
questions must be detailed please edit the post or leave a comment to include as much detail as possible .
please take a look at our complete guide to duck care https www.reddit.com/r/duck/wiki/careguide .
this guide explains how to meet all your ducks ' welfare needs .
if you 're thinking about helping a wild duck or have already rescued a duck please read our guide to duck rescue http reddit.com/r/duck/wiki/rescueadvice .
most importantly you should always get advice from a wildlife rehabilitator before interfering with wildlife .
if you already have a wild duck in your care please contact a wildlife rehabilitator http reddit.com/r/duck/wiki/rescueadvice wiki_2._how_to_rescue_a_wild_duck asap you can not care for the duck on your own .
if your question was answered by either of the linked guides please delete your post to help keep the subreddit clean .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/duck if you have any questions or concerns .
post this in stylex2 's discord and i guarantee you 'll get a spot in his next salt montage .
did something similar except i asked them to find the bug in a loop .
some poor cunt 's gon na be dying to open a time capsule and will be asked to debug a nested for loop .
but the topic is communist communities communes not communist countries ...
never seen a dormamu not in war not in blitz not anywhere .
nah the lead will disperse into the soil and water it would be super hard to extract it again so not very sustainable .
just tie them up with compostable hemp rope and bury them plenty of fertilizer for the environment without any of the lead !
if you really want them dead first though there 's always the good 'ol machete
jos ako je kafic pokraj pa si uzmem i kavu
i literally just had a very frustrating time doing the same thing !
tried so many different strategies to loosen the pedal heating the crank using different positions for leverage .
yea my luck he 'd turn around with impeccable aim the second i decide to run up .
my last thoughts are damn so this is how i die😂
if you somehow manage to then there 's the 55 tax but you 're not supposed to be able to and regulated providers should n't allow you to or to transfer it to anyone who 's not another appropriate provider .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/duklock if you have any questions or concerns .
it would be especially perfect if they cut it so it comes in on you got the powerrr and then just into the instrumental
ximena does n't actually think love is exchangeable for money though no more than an actor in a romcom does .
he thinks he can pay her enough to actually love him for real she 's accepting money to pretend to like him .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feet if you have any questions or concerns .
literally the first time i seen one not looking brand spanking new .
depending on if i have to retake my mcat or not i might lol
this is a friendly reminder to read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules .
memes social media hate-speech and pornography are not allowed .
screenshots of reddit submissions are expressly forbidden as are tiktok videos .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funny if you have any questions or concerns .
this game is a weird duck in the collecting world to me .
it does n't have the appeal of the original releases and there are newer and better compilations if you 're just wanting to play the games .
the only real use case i can see is if someone has a specific nostalgia for playing this specific collection way back when .
it 's so gross that were in this crisis and you use this time to personally blame your political opponents .
now it 's more important than ever to make sure the wealthiest americans get even more tax breaks !
there 's no reason to hurt somebody especially when it was n't discussed beforehand .
i understand the light taps to get a jiggle out of the ass but to slap leaving marks and it stings ?
let me slap your balls that hard and see if you 're still in the mood .
once i explain it like that guys are more understanding why i stopped everything and put my cloths on so quick .
i am married and have been acting out sexually with me for over 20 years .
i wrote about my first time several times on the is group so i wo n't tell it again .
it comes and goes and sometimes i will find guys twice a week and then go a few months with nothing .
before covid i traveled for work often and that was when i did most of my hooking up with guys and girls .
i also had an almost 8 year relationship with a highly sexual woman i almost left my family for .
she got divorced soon after we started seeing each other but i did not and it was potently sexual almost three or four times a week .
i would take her on my business trips three or four times a year .
she ended up moving 10 minutes away from me but i hardly ever bump into her .
maybe just enjoy that effect and take more initially at your next trip .
sure but no single part of the defense is currently worst in the league and likely among the worst in nfl history '' the way reagor is .
10 says this is one of those guys who ca n't get laid lol
love to play with u and suck on those nice tits and make u submit .
has anyone told them how awful that merch is ?
i like how the t-shirts say they have a boxy fit because who does n't like the sloppy my-shirt-doesn't-really-fit-me look
between all the religious stuff i had a lot of fun there .
answer arnab goswami is a media personality for a right wing news '' station in india essentially india 's fox news .
he 's known to be a pos and has had lawsuits against him for inciting violence against minorities for defamation etc .
his whole shtick is to rile people up with his opinions .
he recently interviewed volodymyr zelensky on his show and parroted russian propaganda that the recent massacre of civilians in bucha was fake .
he passes this off as investigative journalism '' or some such .
india 's government currently has not condemned the russian actions .
this is partly due to the historical ties between russia and india .
arnab is a known supporter of the current government and party in power see above re right wing anchor .
in this support he has launched tirades against the us 's perceived hypocrisy when it comes to ukraine vs us actions in other countries and the view that the us is manufacturing this crisis to further their own interests again i believe this is a russian propaganda claim that he has parroted .
his anti-west views have been picked up by china as well as in your source due to the public 's stance in that country too .
it 's a bit interesting given india and china have competing interests but they seem to agree on this at least .
in sum he 's not the most credible source essentially one may consider him heavily biased towards the ruling party and their stances .
he is also vocally critical of the west and their policies .
he is wildly popular among his followers though as the ruling party is polling well in india and there is somewhat of an anti west mentality among people due to the imperialist history and where india stood during the cold war years .
their music is great and i would periodically see him around town .
she 's horrible because your horrible at talking to her .
trust me ... my wife was pretty horrible till we sat down together and talked about what each other was failing at in the bedroom .
after those talks and a few changes ... holy shit the bedroom antics got better .
idk why you had this bad experience with apple support i was frustrated too when i had the random connecting issue but i got to be honnest i like apple support a lot they always tried to help even though i dislike how the support system generally works but in the end of the day they always took care of everything .
i had the sound crackling issue too and did n't know about the replacement program until they asked me to send them so a technician can diagnose the issue then they simply replaced them for me and told me about the replacement program and that there 's no extra cost .
the pick up and delivery is a little bit dumb that you have to be at home when they come pick them up but i got to say that i was extremely happy with the speed was taking 1-2 days to get my airpods checked and returned back to me that quick .
anyway it 's still dumb that those issues exist with such expensive earphones but i 'm okay with it i just turned auto ear detect off and the connecting issue disappeared now i 'm enjoying them as if nothing wrong has happened .
i love the sound quality the noise cancellation the spcial audio while watching movies is awesome too .
tbh idk any other alternatives that has all these futures
that 's partially to do with relatively segregated racial communities less so for racism reasons nowadays more culturally but racism is definitely still a problem in the community on the whole the city is only 53 white as opposed to 42 for nyc and 58 for berkeley .
this post was removed because your account is less than a month old this is to prevent spam and rule breaking .
make sure to read the subreddit rules here https www.reddit.com/r/h3h3productions/about/rules and get acquainted with the rules before posting .
please do not contact the mods about this we get 3 messages a day about this .
if this is something you can post in the megathread click this link then post there https www.reddit.com/r/h3h3productions/search ? q=big+fupa-sized+megathread+author 3aautomoderator restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all
there is no 24 time limit on the megathread !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/h3h3productions if you have any questions or concerns .
i bet when the mirror was invented people abused it too .
i 'm sorry but i do n't see any bias here .
check the wikipedia article on 'ptosis breasts ' and see what is under the heading 'bras ' .
ura keeps repeating this word throughout the at bat probably to add some distance to the ball he hits .
it did n't work well enough the flyball that ura hits looks like it 's gone off the bat but just dies in front of the track at left field and is caught
jeg vil mene at de fleste får lavetr det over en tidsperiode på 30 år .
dertil kommer alle småtingene og andre ting som jeg ikke lige kender prisen på .
lmfao we have your results and ... just what we thought psilocybe cubensis .
i honestly want to watch these old cartoons for the hell of it
i have a d7 and i 've never had a more reliable robot vacuum and i 've been impressed by it 's reliability from the beginning .
i had another expensive robot before and was utterly disappointed .
statham fucking on the street to get his heart going !
might be late to the post ... op did you find a club or start wine ?
i 've decided i need a hobby now too that the kids are getting their own lives and husband has golf 😅
so you would never take the subway for any reason ?
because this could happen at 7pm on a friday too there 's no nexus between returning to the office and this attack unless the guy snapped because he had to go back into the office lol
i believe psychologically speaking strawberry swing is the 4th or 5th most relaxing song ever made
i 'd love to see a slow motion fight 👍🏻
could you tell us your business model here first ?
from the description you sound like a normal fullstack dev agency are you different in that you use ai to react to websites and develop a new functionally more effective web page based on your own industry data ?
lol that sounds like an amazing moment and so satisfying for the rest of us who also 🙄 at trolls .
i will try and see if i can figure something out !
i 'll be posting more updates as i progress this base !
please remember there are real people on the other side of the monitor and to be kind .
report comments that break the rules and do n't respond to negativity with negativity !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/comics if you have any questions or concerns .
i can like a character and not believe they are always in the right/acting most morally .
perfect always doing the right thing characters are boring .
what a weird way to spend your time but i appreciate this opportunity it 's awesome
imma have to look into this injection of beef thnx
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
the poem seems generic ... like anyone can use it to propose .
is there anything specific that you like to do together ?
try to use more specific examples of what reminds you of her .
one morning my ex fiance was brushing his teeth and he motioned a c and t to ask whether i wanted coffee or tea .
but i thought the t stood for 'timeout ' .
so in one of my poems i mention c or t time .
things like.. where you like to go for a walk .
make a list and then look up words online that rhymes with certain words .
business owners employ people and provide desired goods and services on a competitive basis .
i saw that movie for the first time in high school .
i know you 're supposed to shop only at the specified location but i wonder what would have happened if you completed the order in airplane mode ... or if it 's even possible
there 's a good chance they 'll contact you for unauthorized use of the credit card
it 's how many ladder points you lost or won bro
my mom was the one i had to tell .
i told her that she was offending me by sending me things i was n't ready for and it was pushing me further away from the mormon church .
that i needed to return in my own time and her pressuring me would be on her head and god would hold her accountable for pushing me away .
i used reasons mormons think we left the church being offended not being receptive because of a lack of the spirit and god judging them .
i was n't forceful enough the first time but the second time i let it fly and she stopped .
everyone forgets ordo lost to shibashou only cause he had to leave to retake 2 cities lost in his home territory not that he was totally smashed bt shibshou he of the instant overratedness .
we tried this and i swear we 'd hold him for 10-15 minutes and 30 seconds after we let go hed startle 🥲
i am going to start keeping a journal today onwards and see how it works for me
genuinely curious as a straight male do mos send mixed signals about sexuality ?
i do n't mind compliments from males but definitely looking to attract females .
iirc the waffen ss did have gott mit uns '' emblazoned on their belt buckles .
i always thought he was based more on mephistopheles but since those two are sometimes conflated as the same entity yes
it 's not perfect sure but being highly educated is a decent proxy for intelligence and other related qualities i care about and the work and dedication that goes into earning an advanced degree is sexy in and of itself .
filtering like this is a means of finding other guys with similar perspectives/plans/ambition levels and the like .
guys i 'm more likely to get along with and who are less likely to bore me with meaningless things .
i still think spider-man 3 is a legit good film to this day
i almost choked laughing at 'horikita wants to go but she would kinda be useless '' my poor hori .
they did n't let her join the mission impossible save kiyotaka from wr 😔 bs
wait by devil 's pass you mean the 2013 film right ?
mishmash of all sorts of majestic tagging and elements which are never seen together and that patch looks embroidered directly to the sleeve which is never the case on any jersey .
i remember when i was 10 and could n't swim .
jumped in the pool with floaters on no thinking but even my 10 year old self knew i was solid as long as i went to the bottom pushed off got air then repeated that until i was at the ladder .
i always wonder what goes through the head of people like this that just flail lol
do i look at like lapd and think they could use some 'defund'-ing '' ?
please 😩 having those beauties in my face while i empty inside you❤️
2-2.5 billion and i think oda gives them the same bounty
but we have so much life ahead of us .
we should n't spend that time dwelling on what could have been instead we need to focus on what 's ahead and what 's ahead is unknown .
we never know where life can take us and it has so many limitless opportunities .
some may argue love but you ca n't love properly if you 're not happy .
instead of trying to focus on finding someone else or focusing on what could have been amazing focus on what you do have and what you can make your life become .
i do n't think making someone 's hair a different color would constitute a curse
one way to deal with people who urinate in the stairwells
this is a place for veterinary technicians/veterinary nurses and other veterinary support staff to gather chat and grow !
we welcome pet owners as well however we do ask pet owners to refrain from asking for medical advice if you have any concerns regarding your pet please contact the closest veterinarian near you .
please thoroughly read and follow the rules before posting and commenting .
if you believe that a user is engaging in any rule-breaking behavior please submit a report so that the moderators can review and remove the posts/comments if needed .
also please check out the sidebar for ce and answers to commonly asked questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/vettech if you have any questions or concerns .
fan fiction if you think they are stopping the russians .
bro what a natural shooting motion that they did n't make any rules to deter bad foul calls against
literally make the first hit do 0 damage no matter what .
at the cost of giving them an auto followup .
would also make him absolutely stupid with null followup .
although with his speed about 90 of the roster will double him naturally .
but still 100 immunity to slow enemies would be hilarious .
i do n't think we know enough about cory and miranda 's home life to know if it 's a stable two parent household .
sorry to be argumentative but i get salty about how much people venerate cory .
like he seems fine now but he was n't the perfect spouse either and we really have n't seen much of him in years or miranda at all in years to assume that they are so much better than leah .
oh gee i dunno man but probably complications from the fact that they do this by breaking your legs and then extending the bones with metal rods and shit .
it 's all consumer goods and services except second hand goods gambling drugs and prostitution in the eight capital cities
god damn i did n't realize he was fucking people up so badly in bellator .
well sir i deleted my comment because of your f-word .
several in pic 2 as well and 1 you can see the silk some catapillars .
i ran into similar issues last year and got to the point of picking 6-10 catapillars a day finally just composted the whole thing and replaced it with some late season cucumbers .
our box turtle was pretty happy though as he had a constant source of protein .
if i remember right ming fucked up and let the tesd website domain expire and get em was a random dude that grabbed it .
he was using the name as a twitter handle or something at the time .
they already had tell em registered so he just picked get em as something close to attract their attention .
i think he thought he could leverage some cash or something out of kev smith to get the domain back .
the boys eventually had him on the podcast and were fascinated by his life .
he gradually went from an occasional sideshow distraction to the beloved cast member we know to day .
i have n't actually went back and listened to the episodes since they originally came out so maybe i 'm not 100 on the details .
is n't that how the vast majority of white people think ?
got ta be a real brainiac to compare a college swim meet to civil rights .
if not and someone were to create it that sounds like quite the side hustle .
plenty of straight series do it so it should n't be that hard to have a gay one .
any 48 frame 1/6 hp 1725 rpm 115v motor will work .
two of these are behind a paywall so i ca n't check methodology to get the answer to what i asked and two are not referencing to gender which is the meat of the discussion but instead are about whether the twins are similar in temperament despite being raised apart to determine if temperament is genetic .
i do n't doubt it is n't entirely a genetic construction but you also again ca n't raise someone in a box without outside influences so if that 's not taken into account at the very least it 's a poorly done study .
i love science but i love critical thinking even more .
because it sound like an insult and is much easier to use
your current tier https www.reddit.com/r/pics/wiki/tiers only allows you to comment .
participation in conversations here in r/pics will eventually allow you to post original content .
well-written in-depth contributions to those conversations will confer that privilege faster .
neither it nor the moderators will respond to enquiries about its actions .
if you have a question please read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/pics/wiki/index and the tiers page https www.reddit.com/r/pics/wiki/tiers .
i think a stressed person is more inclined to masturbate more than others
i will try the sugary caramel with a hint of coffee and get back to you .
this is honestly super useful knowledge that absolutely needs to be shared .
i blew mine out so much over the years bc no one said i could put in a much smaller size and not have to completely lose the years of stretching i 'd done .
no but it 'll filer out the smoke from your smoldering body so there 's that .
however what did i miss that is causing his worshipers to turn on him ?
there are two manatees playing on the end of my dock .
i 'm closing my positions to frolic with them .
wait please i do n't understand this does it mean they pump cooks by them selves or what ?
demboys out here making me think what if i could be trans girl and femboy qt the same time ? ''
i still call myself a trans girl cos well i 'm getting estrogen and i 've changed my name it would be pretty weird if i was n't but it 's always been about self perception for me so i have decided that attraction to me is always gay no matter how i 'm presenting or who you are because i 'm a cheeky little she/they gender gremlin and your sexuality i now forfeit
the fact that it still works and the core functionality and phone app are gold is the only thing that 's keeping it on life support for me but honestly the fact that the web interface is still circa frontpage 95 is unforgivable .
forget about sso or offline access even hire a junior ui dev for a day to fix that atrocious dashboard .
chill on whatever you are taking and give me some
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd recommend taking a few levels in wizard too for the dynamite fireball as well as the mobile feat ppportunity attack help
the ladies.side is a sexual harrasment lawsuit in the making
i 'd agree with this but mil can always change the privacy settings to who can see the post .
so she can make it so only op sees it but op wo n't know that .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your question has been removed as it looks like you 're asking a question that violates r/askreddit 's rule 3 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3
dae does anybody else '' questions and questions that can be answered with yes '' or no '' are not allowed in r/askreddit .
try rephrasing your question to be more open ended or submitting to one of the following subreddits
otherwise if these do n't fit your needs check out the multireddits in our sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/about/sidebar which cover almost every topic imaginable thanks !
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=help 20related 20post 20review 20request message=my 20post 20was 20removed 20for 20being 20help 20related 20please 20review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/u2p47v/does_anyone_believe_in_the_evil_eye_thing_why_and .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
they thought they were gon na kill this ranyon after they were done their quest .
their problem is they did n't know i 'm the one on the quest and they are ranyons .
fuck the vdb i wanted them to be my favorite before i played the game but now i 'm glad i did n't drop 100 's on the limited edition metal posters just becuase they were the only ones left .
yeah when i first realized i was an antinatalist and found this sub it multiplied my unhappiness
i hope starbucks is a stop gap and u are planning to do something with writing and humor .
i always thought the colors of ramshackle were blue and white grey ? ? ?
if there are any issues or rule breaking please message the moderators or the modmail https new.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/nudes
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nudes if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm talking about the small picture in patti mayonnaise 's hand
you might not be an asshole but you have to acknowledge the fact that you do n't know everything about this person and that they might have some underlaying trust issues in which you can choose to respect or not .
depending on your intentions i 'd say you 're coming off too strong from what im seeing but i also understand that you 're not about wasting your time .
i would probably have continued with the humorous responds for a little and if she was n't opening up a little leave it hanging or tell her to work on her issues and get off tinder
i mean in my neighborhood we pay them 40 bucks a month to maintain the desert landscaping and the park and to step in if someone blocks the street with your boat or something .
there 's degrees to these things many are n't unreasonable
you 're saying one situation is different from another situation .
me too i used to like he 's vids but thanks to this sub i do n't like him
to answer your question about vex 's torso movement .
you can easily spin her torso from left to right fully but not really front and back ab crunch motion .
her torso belt limits the tilting the upper body back and forward .
seeing everyone slowly leave and being scared you 'll have no one there .
so every time you find someone to be friends with you 're stand-offish so they ultimately end up leaving and you 're stuck there wishing they would n't leave you .
so now you dont even actively try to meet new people because you 're scared they 'll leave too .
if they had taken the time to get a good shot the cameraman actually could have been killed .
fanatec is not entry gear it 's way above entry gear .
entry gear would be something like a logitech g29 .
hyped for the coming season with some pto and my sks
to download the video you can use one of the following sites
link to trim the video https reddloader.com/download-post ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/indiandankmemes/comments/u2p3sl/you_bihari_you_bad id=aafd4548
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/indiandankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
the air fried coconut shrimp she shared is a direct copy and paste from sally 's baking addiction .
rebels is such a well crafted story with fantastic characters .
i think it does a great job of capturing the magic and awe of the ot with the world building introduced in the prequels .
for a project that lucas did n't directly touch his influence is everywhere in it .
i highly recommend you check out this video essay on rebels .
it covers the story in and out of universe and made me appreciate the seres even more .
rebels is by far my favorite star wars story .
i think it 's a joke how laughably bad riot has been at handling this champ 's release .
what 's the point in replying to a comment in a different language ?
you must understand his comment to reply yet do n't speak the language he does that 's a weird decision to purposely fail at communicating a message .
troll is so good the whole world is going dark
jobs that produce things everyone needs are paid low and jobs that just manipulate data make big money .
but those lower paying productive jobs are also the type of work you can do in a community to meet people 's needs without money .
if you can start anticapitalist exchange in your area or an anticapitalist coop your productive labor will be highly appreciated .
find dozens of people with complementary productive skills and you can mostly secede from the money economy .
it may be difficult for nato to rescue finland if a hypothetical future neutral sweden turtles up and closes its borders in the face of another ruso-finish war .
i 'm being 100 serious feel free to fish through my profile to see that karma farming is not my gig bro .
the video of you cutting the shelves on a tablesaw
okay dude im a short guy and people growing offends me .
my brother in christ you passed 3 times waiting for a boardwipe to happen and you are salty the boardwipe happened .
that 's the dumbest thing i 've ever heard .
volume scorers are always overrated but he 's efficient .
i love how the extra money he gets from jacking all the papers ends up being like pocket change .
i 'm loving the remix you 've done with the link screams .
though at first i thought something was wrong with my audio .
biblical writings are theological writings not historiographical protocolls the narratives are the cuturally shaped vessel or carrier of theological truths .
religious writings are works of literary art and we must treat them as such .
i 'll pay 1 cent per billion litres as long as they do n't mind me donating the oil to ukraine .
you 're right about one part wrong about the other .
this tournament was held for exposure for g4 the brand .
they used lost ark because it 's the newest game and is quite big globally .
they did n't do it to expose lost ark pvp as an esport as they will continue to hold tourneys for whatever game is big at the time
i suppose that might be often enough to affect the hairdressers mental health she does seem exhausting
if you do you have will power i was not granted because at 8:55 i 'm gon na be smashing f5 until it appears and makes me cry .
not yet now when you get to chains of harrow ?
trent is good for a club but an international manager does n't have as much time to create a system to suit such an idiosyncratic player especially one who misses a lot of games missed the most recent friendlies which wo n't have been great for his world cup chances .
james is at least as good as taa and maybe better .
why bother with taa when james is easier to incorporate into your team ?
the one thing which is completely inarguable is that trent is a worse defensive right back than reece james and england need someone defensively sound considering their approach and the realities of knockout football .
thank you so much for having other 's back and helping make this community a safer place !
i try to do the same thing and make them understand how uncomfortable they make me .
one of them seem to have deleted their account since then but the other says i 'm just exaggerating ...
if john keeps this up in may we 'll go far .
do you think we 'd be able to afford to hire the drivers and pay them 30/h ?
currently have a big bag full nit sure on the exact number .
glass dildo fell n cracked a few vibes that would n't charge any more a cane that snapped .
the final clean from 2017 https redd.it/63od6k in case anyone was looking for it like i was .
and the award for dumbest shit on reddit goes to this article .
the only class where the kids are begging to go back to virtual learning !
not bad for being fully stock and the base model .
i did n't get crazy since i only had the 5 year old with me .
this subreddit is open to all onlyfans models to post content .
we determine if someone is a model by their full onlyfans link as a comment .
we did not see an onlyfans link under this post so we have removed it from the subreddit .
i will monitor this post for an onlyfans link once i see one as a comment i will approve this post .
i am only a bot and i may make mistakes .
if i have removed your post in error please use the send a modmail '' link below to send the moderators a link to this post and they can approve it manually .
we are not saying you are not an onlyfans model .
we are saying we did n't see an onlyfans link as a comment under your post .
we are asking you to put your link as a comment .
this post is not deleted it is just not viewable to the subreddit .
do not delete this post yourself this post will be approved once you put an onlyfans link as a comment .
you can comment your onlyfans link on this post and we will approve it .
we will not go to your profile to verify you are a creator .
it must be an onlyfans link under the post url redirectors or onlyfans trial links are not recognized .
comments are not locked on this post if you are seeing a message saying so you are trying to reply to the automod comment and not your post .
if you are getting a message that says please wait '' that is reddit that is slowing down how often you post .
we can not control this all you can do is wait until reddit will let you comment .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfanspetite message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fonlyfanspetite 2fcomments 2fu2d5ck 2fwanna_give_em_a_squeeze_theyre_stress_relievers 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
the print looks like it is a page from one of akisato ritō 's meisho zue .
the meisho zue series is essentially a set of tour guide books made in the late 18th and early 19th-century.the text in the cartouches is too small and unclear to read but they certainly refer to specific locations which would allow you id which book they are in .
akisato 's wikipedia page https ja.wikipedia.org/wiki e7 a7 8b e9 87 8c e7 b1 ac e5 b3 b6 in japanese offers a list of his publications .
if you do a search for these titles you will be able to find digital versions online in various university collections .
just a suggestion and you do n't need a pressure cooker for popcorn.. you can just use a pot that costs 20 it 's easy to do and only takes just over 2 hours .
but ya i mean buying premade ub bags is easier .
so saint got a inappropriate message through tiktok the same app kanye didnt want his children on .
its almost like he knew something like this would happen .
internet is full of weirdos protect your children or closely monitor there usage of the internet and put blocks on it
start a biz while in school so much easier to do as people want to help you .
good for on blast support if you plan to do it again
the fact you believe that a worker who is laid off receives severance pay as a matter of course and there 's no reason they might not get severance from a bad employer exploiting its workforce no not at all leads me to believe your work experience is nowhere near as extensive as you claim .
i 'd advise you to start at a frozen yogurt place and work your way up .
what 's the over under on how many games i cry this year ?
we 're at 2 and only 4 games in .
i 'd tell the girl that you have a girlfriend but you 're gon na dump her because she keeps playing ganes .
tell them to call you back the following week .
using negative attention as motivation is not the same as using pain to derive sexual gratification .
i recently checked the bios cpu voltage was at 0.84v so i tried to raise it up to 1.15v .
reinstall the gpu drivers using ddu in safe mode .
run a streestest using a program called occt for 15 minutes .
if it passes that power test if your pc does n't crash or if you do n't see errors in occt run each of these tests for 15 minutes each https imgur.com/y2ybije https imgur.com/y2ybije
everything will all be worth it the moment you hold that sweet miracle of a boy in your arms .
live off campus and buy a bike or take the bus
you did a great job both on the logo and caring for yourself .
i hope you 're proud of every second you make that choice .
when i say south i meant the carolina 's mississippi georgia etc .
i have friends who driving through and ran into car trouble had the cops called on them and were told to move along there was no hep for them in that town .
not saying all conservatives are that way i know enough to not paint with such a broad brush on both sides of the aisle but enough of them are to lane the party that way .
especially when they are the loudest and most visible representatives of said party .
if more people did that we would n't be so divided and in a much better spot with a more functional government .
it 's the idiots on both sides that vote party ticket that got us into this situation .
in a positive note ... you just helped me realize how far my dvr was behind .
are you also able to tell others how you are feeling ?
my last 2 rigs have both had ecc memory and failsafe bios settings so i have n't gotten bsod once on either of them .
couple of weeks ago i got an ultrabook which i love and after like 2 days of use i got a blue screen .
my mind just went how do what do i this halp ? ? ''
from not having had to deal with one in forever haha
luckily i think it was just a mild case of overheating .
still weird to suddenly realize oh so this is how a normal pc works ''
yeah but some people like me get destroyed internally by the slightest hot sauce .
why ca n't they do trump like they did this guy ?
amber heard has accused johnny depp of sexual assault .
amber heard has accused johnny depp of sexually assaulting her while she was black-out drunk near the end of their marriage .
i ca n't wait to see how reddit handles this
i have n't filled the game in many years now what patch are we on to right now ?
might dust off my old aurora mr and go for a spin
more of the best hot japanese girls here https tenshigao.com
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/babesnsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
i just love that you typed this and were probably like 'hell yes that 's what a man 's man would say ' lmao
yeah nice comeback to someone who told you that not everything you think is true
i agree with this the assumption that her making him breakfast meant that the request for no more expensive gifts did n't sink in really stuck out to me .
kinda reads like what op really wants is someone with a different personality .
i think when his term is up he has to run on his new district .
this particular issue with mandelman was brought up as one of the first reasons to complain about the re-districting .
i lived in mission st. for a couple years and had to move out because wfh was really hard from there .
i honestly think valencia and mission should be in the same district .
not sure if that benefits my urban tribe '' but that 's how the neighborhood felt to me .
thing is you are a supe from your district but you are supposed to be running the city .
if people from two blocks away from you do n't want you running their city and they want someone else ... maybe you need to do things a little bit different ?
there was already too much of anthony-edwina drama in ep 6 for my liking .
so from a guys perspective if a girl approached me and asked what my dogs name was what breed etc ... it would signal both interest/curiosity and confidence .
you find out he has a girlfriend/wife and then you stalk her to find if she is a good fit for him ?
i do n't know why the cavs wanted him in the first place .
and still might lose like how he lost against hawks after dropping almost 60
could you please upvote some of the posts on my profile too ?
refund scam and for future reference you must redact all personal information including phone numbers scammer or not when posting her per rule 1 .
victim soapbox the media wants us to do this so they can lol jags bad '' when he busts .
i did partial hospitalization at st. elizabeth 's in brighton and it was so helpful and luckily covered by insurance .
you are describing 90 of my pts in the er
this comes at a great tine where i 've got a need for another series to deep dive into and this is enough if a nudge to dive back into some old highschool favorites !
for me i dropped it for years because the wwe just flamed me out .
my brother moved in and i started watching njpw with him .
i got fully back in wwe aew impact and everything .
for hating someone so much the people that dislike joe biden sure spend a lot of time talking about him and putting his name everything on flags cars arms .
she needs to go in another room or in her car because clearly he ca n't control himself .
i 'm so fucking sick of the bullshit toxic positivity that people like tony robbins and all who try to be him spew .
that 's how i need to change my life ?
why did n't i think of that ? ! ? ! ?
i am a member of a small shakespeare company that deals quite a bit with this question .
our last production of twelfth night had shes hes theys and faes in the cast .
each actor participated in a conversation with the director about their gender identity the identity of their character and how best to proceed .
many of the characters in the production ended up with different pronouns than those originally written and aspects of the story were definitely interpreted differently as a result .
the final product was a show that looked very different than the piece written by a man who died 400 years ago but we also found an audience that was blown away to see themselves represented in shakespeare when they assumed their identities could n't exist in that environment .
and it was just one of an infinite number of different ways to put on a production of twelfth night .
my wife does that with her phone in our x .
the interior door handle is basically her storage area particularly since the door handles are n't really necessary in a car that opens and closes the doors on its own .
if u are block on a really big equation use a website
there are many great videos about wave management on youtube which are going to be much easier to understand than whatever comments you can get here .
i am not trying to be mean i just do n't think i can summ it up in a good way unless i spend a few hours on it and i 'm not gon na do that for a reddit comment especially when better answers are already available on youtube .
also keep in mind that average league has no idea how to manipulate waves properly and people commenting in this thread are probably not who you should be seeking advice from myself included tbh .
you should relocate here it 'd be good for you and your career .
at work so i only had time to watch game 1 vs the rogue hpriest .
you won because the players you 're facing kinda threw .
you should n't be using intimidation on the kill target .
you want a strong opener to force trinkets and then reset and kill on 2nd 3rd or fourth go .
druid should rake kill target and either bash or maim the trinket if they use it .
at the same time you should intimidation trap the healer .
your goal is to line up trap on healer with feral stuns on kill targets .
also reviewing losses is much more useful than reviewing wins .
you wo n't win versus good players without ccing the healer on your go .
this entire subreddit takes tinder way too seriously oh my god
op invited and paid and is completely in the right to want alone time with her own father .
this is a terrible take and he can treat the stepdaughter equally separately .
he is the one that blew up the trip not op .
why should op still be on the hook for the hotel room when she paid so she could have alone time with her dad and he tried to manipulate the situation into something op did n't want ?
after that highly convincing story i now also suspect that your 12 years old
honestly those would have been better rules to mention but i think she assumed she did n't have to .
you 'll need to take it to an apple store for repair
lives that clearly were n't doing much for the world putting themselves in danger liek that
you could 've rented and given away 2000/mo for 12 years .
instead you paid down a mortgage with some of that and got some back even if the home did dip a little in value .
fins have no choice but to attack russia now .
other border nations will also not have much choice soon .
i think monks are very fun even in their current state .
i disagree with monks not having enough ki points but think this is down to a discrepancy in how different tables play .
if you 're taking short rests then the monk has plenty of ki to make it through the adventuring day .
what i do think there is though is a lack of things to spend ki on .
from the base class there 's flurry of blows and stunning strike and it feels like step of the wind is something the monk should just be able to do like the rogues cunning action .
tasha 's added some cool optional features but it really needs more depth to the system .
one personal trouble i have with the monk is how mad it has to be .
with almost any other class you can mitigate how mad they are by picking up heavy armour to ignore the effects of negative dex on ac you can pick up spells that do n't care about a spellcasting stat to offset having poor int/wis/cha use finesse weapons to mitigate low strength etc not all at once but you get the idea .
whereas monks need dex and con and wisdom and there 's no getting around these because monks do n't get armour proficiencies or choices in what ki abilities they get so if you wanted to play a monk that was stronger than average to do a grappling build or wanted a monk that was also charismatic youd need to drastically gimp yourself in you actual mechanical effectiveness .
a quick change that i would want to make is give monks a d10 hit die the ability to wear light armour without fucking over their other abilities and some extra asis like what the fighter/rogue get .
i would just search clips looking for the guy with the feminine accent and who made retarded like cum faces .
then the next stage was mike adriano before finally settling in my mind as mikael finquelstein .
what an evolution over the last 10 years it 's been .
people take more but i would definitely stay sub 160mg for 1 dose .
i had a similar question over on twitter and will do my best to answer it here too .
from a coach 's perspective correct runes and masteries as well as itemization land at the bottom of the priority list and should only be looked at if a player consistently goes haywire with their builds .
i found more often than not that players spent way too much time on them rather than too little .
also runes and masteries fall under game understanding which is not every coach 's forte so it 's about optimizing your strength there as well and giving that responsibility over to players if sensible .
i could 've done a better job explaining here what lower priority '' means as it can be interpreted in many ways .
but as it is the nature of summarising a complex topic into a short text this is bound to happen and i am happy to answer any questions that arise because of it .
to make it more precise in terms of effort and time spent usually very little goes into optimizing the runes and masteries and items in comparison to other topics .
the reason for that is usually that an adequate level of mastery rune usage can be achieved by copying what other pro players are doing in similar drafts checking the best runes masteries on lolalytics even in certain matchups common sense do n't pick cutdown vs only low hp targets etc .
here the coach will do his due diligence but any further theory crafting or too much effort put into this will usually have diminishing returns compared to other subjects .
also unlike what you might hear from coaches when they are frustrated pro players are usually really smart and if invested will be able to find the right solutions for themselves .
they are usually motivated enough to gain an advantage in soloq because they despise losing and will research runes and items on their own.therefore just giving them the tools to do so is enough .
as i said usually coaches would only spend more time on it if it consistently goes haywire and the player does n't pick up quickly how runes masteries work .
however they are a bit more complex and i would really recommend working with an analyst here if the resources are available .
coaching and especially head coaching is a lot about resource management and as cheesy as it sounds time is really one of the two most important resources .
it just does n't take much time and the players pick it up quickly to an adequate level .
ok well a few things that 've never happened before until yesterday almost a full degree of temp drop tingling feeling in my lower ab growing into very mild cramps then tingling again btw some of them were farts ... as per usual and then a peachy pastel pink colour on my toilet paper in the evening after having a pee .
now this one freaked me out because i 'm 9 days early for period and that spotting is always brown .
also this entire cycle i had no sore boobs after ovulation it just about started now midday of 7dpo ...
i always have sore boobs literally from 1dpo to cd1 not this time .
i 'm not building a hope fortress i 'm more fascinated by these new little things that are happening differently this time around .
i do n't currently live in the country but yeah my family is in south delhi
there 's also the lcp max that 's just a little thicker and carries 10 rounds in the same form factor .
but also do n't count out a 5 shot revolver like the lcr .
both fit nicely some better than the other in certain pockets .
laugh at the joke cause it 's probably true and possibly funny .
that was exactly for what i came to the comments .
i would n't be surprised if it was real the chin is the lights out button it does n't take much to turn someone off if you know where to press .
you mean what he/she does to get you in the mood
i would n't comment on the misspelling of a single word when you have grammar like that .
that 's as far as i am willing to engage with you .
op asked for a decent app '' so that he or she does n't have to go to the bank for every minor thing '' .
if op wants to pay 0,99 euro per month for live belgian football goal alert then yes kbc is the only option op has .
i 'm not even arguing with your preference for kbc 's which is the bank i recommended to op for other reasons but claiming it would be one of the only two options for op is absurd imo .
you would acknowledge me if you had them in my face and probably more then once .
i 'll have to check strength when i get home .
a dashcam vid where the merc sprinter van not being the idiot is surprising haha .
played dark souls 3 for 50h ... have 0 clue what it is actual about and i do n't cate about it lol .
when you post something like this and tell the truth all these from software basement fanatics come out and tell you how awesome the lore is and blabla.. but in reality it does n't matter and if you have to do 10h of non-playing wikipedia homework it is n't good .
so who cares cares and for everybody else 90 just take it as gibberish and enjoy the game
tbf that 's understandable as his c90 was n't anything busted it just made him up to date
if you 'd like to define a boolean that is true at any bar when rsi 50 something like this will work
subsequently you can combine it with other boolean variables in your scrtip .
if you 're interested in a condition when rsi crosses over 50 you can use the crossover function
joker does have a really good matchup against cloud he has one of the easiest ways to edgeguard cloud in the form of gun .
it 's really weird to me that leo has n't even considered going joker against sparg0 's cloud
everyone i know including me has at least this much debt .
that card looked busted the moment i saw it .
i actually gave magic arena a try a few months back and managed to reach mythic with my own angels and demons deck but none seemed quite as busted as that card
what 's identity politics about it is selecting people based on identity .
furthermore the implication that they can not become elected on their own merits and need to be selected with their identity as a factor is pretty offensive .
if judging people based on their race is bad that works both ways .
the greens can not simultaneously pick based on identity while claiming identity should n't affect people 's behaviour .
people need to realize that gentrification is a part of the real estate cycle .
must have been hard waking up from this dream huh ?
this every time i see the midwife and she gives me the tiniest little bottle to pee into it was hard enough when i did n't have a bump it 's basically impossible now
... and you have unequivocal evidence that it was certainly the cars system that stopped itself and not an genuine observant driver/operator ?
that 's why i said give us an option .
but ea forcing these h2h events on us is bullshit
36 and i 'm guessing i 'm over 300 on a body count at this point easily .
i do n't think there 's anything wrong with that .
i feel like a lot of guys are probably more or less the same .
i have had several girls give up on getting me off because the first couple times i 'm with a girl it takes a while .
some of the best sex of my life was just that we decided it was time to stop without me orgasming .
i have had girls tell me that i 'm more like a girl because i can get that immense pleasure without orgasming .
doesnt it depend on the activity nazi gatherings are social activities to so is it always good ?
1 but it 's only my friends who are making sure i do n't kill myself my parents are trying to put the damn noose around my neck
hello fellow protein drinkers can rec some tasty flavours that wont make me barf ?
tried a variety of flavours so far ranging from the highly recommended on extreme milk chocolate ok i like it picasso and a few other weird ones dont like that creatine berry blast thing
please put all comments into the reply chain of this comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtywritingprompts if you have any questions or concerns .
libc6-dev depends libc6 2.28-10+deb10u1 but 2.31-13+deb11u3 is to be installed
it seems you are mixing debian 10 oldstable aka buster and debian 11 stable aka bullseye .
i watch more for concepts for what they are doing and how the finish worked .
copying actual moves and styles maybe but i find instructionals and youtube better for me in that regard .
of course it helps you just do not know why people do what they do or the mistakes .
so other content might be better to follow for actual tech .
my dad once tried to hit me when i was 17 ...
he did n't need that shard of his front tooth anyway !
me too and it confused/depressed me my whole life why i could not for the life of me bring myself to call or text anyone other than a select few .
diagnosed on the autism spectrum last year at age 32 .
many factors contributed to the diagnosis but everything makes so much more sense now including losing steam so quickly in social situations .
i 'm more up front about this now telling people i 'm supremely bad at keeping in touch it 's not you i like you !
i just do n't really call or text '' and it 's helping a lot less disappointment on both sides .
im located in the uk not sure if that 's why !
when experts policy and admin people run the show you get work that serves their ends .
these people want quantifiable data and reports because it gives them something to work with .
when you get careerist deputies and principles whose career advancement depends on using the data you collect you get bullshit work that serves their ends too .
we already have mcu dcu boys invincible rather than that make show on hatim or vikral gabral sonpari
definitely explore shooting during day and try to do day for night .
shooting in this little light would be a challenge even for arri alexa lf kind of cameras .
astronaut being in space would be the greatest thing ever discovering new things seeing new sights .
i like zero build mode but i just do n't like how it split the player base in two .
but em us really wasted on freeze ayaka team .
bro everyday new stabbing incident happening so called it new mb
u cant trade it for venom because value difference to high
a year and a half since i last ate pussy .
if you suspect you may have malware on your computer or are trying to remove malware from your computer please see our malware guide https rtech.support/books/safety-and-security/page/malware-guide
please ignore this message if the advice is not relevant .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/techsupport if you have any questions or concerns .
or was she just saying she 's a bottom ?
i put on the royal remains cause why not and then just never switched from it .
mine was 8 seconds if we start timer when i deployed my first troop
let 's chock this up to difference in opinion .
i do n't think a static cd reduction is better than one that i can control myself .
i have around 1 second cds on light 's embrace and orb of protection .
the frog and the snail. if this ai n't some disney storybook 💩 right here .
completely forgot about duelist and the double bladed scimitar .
revenant blade on a champion 15/gloomstalker 3 would be horrifying ...
just statistically you 'll be critting twice in one round most days .
probably going to use this as a pc eventually so tyvm
your vagina is self cleaning and has its own flora .
why would neoliberal parties celebrate parties that undermine neoliberal policies ?
do you think the idea that macron is a pro-eu centrist is a conspiracy too ?
same thing happens to me using the controller so i have to use the mouse to exit the menu
the effect would only occur if the distance between the center position of the ring and the player is less than the radius of the ring .
i will definitely take all of that into consideration .
having a newborn is hard and stressful and i think him telling me he is n't sure put me on a spiral of never and that hurt and freaked me out a bit .
i will talk to him soon about everything once things have calmed down !
and even the first time when the moon was moved who 's to say the majority of the avengers were n't asleep since it was nighttime in america ?
devlet dediğimiz yapı biz sıradan insanların alamayacağı kararları alabilsin diye var .
devletin boyunduruğuna girmeyi reddeden her oluşum devletleşmeye çalışır ve bu güç zehirlenmesi o oluşum aslında iyi niyetli de olsa onu karanlık tarafa iter .
tarihte bu hep böyle olmuştur.boşuna halk içinde muteber bir nesne yok devlet gibi '' dememişler .
as seniority in your job goes up you should get an annual raise of slightly more than inflation .
3 would have been fair in the 2010 's .
to do the same thing today we need to be higher .
i say this as a business owner who took a hit to my bottom line to give the team 10 raises to make sure we were ahead of inflation this year .
how to get laid on tinder how i banged 16 new girls in 5 weeks https www.reddit.com/r/analhd/comments/s7ly5j/how_to_get_laid_on_tinder_how_i_banged_16_new
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/analhd if you have any questions or concerns .
well it seems you 're no good at interacting with women if you 're unable to get sexual partners without paying .
so first step should be improving that.. there are a lot of date coaches out there who could help with that only problem is many of them are misogynistic or charlatans .
a good one should be focussed on helping you become a beter version of yourself and learning how to communicate that to women .
anyway it 's not an easy problem to fix .
but you 're young and going by how i was doing at your age and how i 'm doing now there is lots of room for improvement
pretty much every candidate at the federal level has said something along these lines .
anti illegal immigration border walls and more border security has always been the mantra of the uniparty to help them get elected .
after that they never did anything to stop it because it was n't really in their interest .
i would say that they actually wanted the exact opposite .
the majority of people get at least 1 nat 5 ml so the system is working as intended
over time they can just phase those units out transferring their mission to ad units and transitioning the guard units to other mission sets .
i do n't have x-ray vision so i can not see what 's under the jacket .
are you saying there was absolutely no possibility that anything was written on the shirt that might not have been concealed from view ?
and i did imagine that it might have been sarcasm but not right away only later after i pondered it a bit .
its no surprise all three have stalled due to crypto affiliations .
they wont move forward until the sec makes a decision on crypto
by that logic bkkt tugc should have been stalled too .
that is a real cool way to display the pins .
not a fan of just sticking them in a cork board .
might do the same with mine on a shelf .
i usually wo n't bet against elon but it 's also why i wanted to see how he positions twitter lots of great options to improve the site without making huge investment into new tech simple code changes .
i think the plans for sharading will be happening in the 2023 i guess .
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/innocentlynaughty if you have any questions or concerns .
a logical answer that makes complete sense now i think about it thanks !
a torcida do nacional fez contra a chapecoense em 2018
i seriously doubt a school will go that deep into it .
do it in a manner that will give you the most obscurity and plausible deniability .
i feel like there are two sides to it .
on one hand it 's a legitimately cute and wholesome dynamic with a lot of fun that people are way too hard on with their just plain wrong headcanons that spider-man 's supposed to be an edgy loner like batman .
on the other hand there is so much iron dad and spider-son content on like ao3 or something that 's it 's stupidly oversaturated .
ps5 pulse engine upgrades are n't increasing ship speed anymore .
all ships seem to be stuck at 2970 u/s in space .
i love composing and it makes me so happy to see people appreciating my work !
i have other cool songs https soundcloud.com/john-laurel-828136308/sets/wonderworld-demo-soundtrack i 've made for my game too !
if less than 150 i 'd recommend kraken exchange .
12 apy with no unbonding period when wanting to withdraw .
for more on chain its a bit more to it though and would recommend reading up a bit about it .
our hearts go out to you during this difficult time .
hot tub sex is nice tho but nobody is cumming .
at least with me and my woman it 's mainly just foreplay before we go in and slurp on each other 's crotches and then do the real bangin .
it should be a joint operation with the irish fisherman as well
russia is as bad nowadays for the average working class citizen as my country was before 1989 under communism .
both communism and capitalism over there simply ended in obscene wealth inequality and oligarchs ruling with absolute power .
yea it does n't work very well yet but if you say anything bad about any republican on there your blocked just like some of the reddit groups .
free speech is about the government preventing free speech not private business .
if i start a website about baseball and someone comes on there claiming all players are child rapists from venus they should have the right to block them .
but he went home first which is why i asked why he did n't just put on his own clothes instead of his work uniform .
do cops not keep their uniforms at home as well ?
usa today b pfizer covid booster provides strong immune boost in kids ages 5-11 new study shows https www.usatoday.com/story/news/health/2022/04/14/pfizer-biontech-covid-booster-vaccine-safe-children/7313451001
global news b pfizer booster for kids 5 to 11 helps protect against omicron variant company says https globalnews.ca/news/8759674/pfizer-booster-kids-5-11-omicron-covid-19-data
financialexpress.com c pfizer/biontech say booster dose increases protection against omicron in kids aged 5-11 https www.financialexpress.com/lifestyle/health/pfizerbiontech-say-booster-dose-increases-protection-against-omicron-in-kids-aged-5-11/2492018
wall street journal b pfizer says covid-19 booster sparked immune response against omicron in children ages 5 to 11 https www.wsj.com/articles/pfizer-says-covid-19-booster-sparked-immune-response-against-omicron-in-children-ages-5-to-11-11649933284
that 's exctly what i was hoping it was .
glad to know i 'm not the only one who has guessed slave !
people were saying it was banned and that apparently i somehow hacked the system when i guessed it ?
also scoredle said it was an invalid guess when i tried to get it the other day !
please include a list detailing each item in your post within one hour of submission .
this helps other users get more information about an item they may be interested in .
please be as descriptive as possible make and model and avoid vague lists .
lists can be displayed in the title of the post in a separate comment or in the picture itself .
failure to follow this rule will result in the post being removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/edc if you have any questions or concerns .
i am planning to leave canada after applying as well .
i 've tried all three and the limited by far in my opinion is the best one .
i do not get any of what you described with mine .
i mean the first rule for offensive comedy is it has to be funny .
sounds like they are on their way out naturally .
took the officers taser we have been here before its the express pass move to getting shot by an officer over what would have been a simple ticket to begin with .
there 's clubs like liverpool and city with even bigger benches than us and they still play the youngsters .
i wonder why ... seeing foden jota alexander arnold elliott zinchenko iheanacho become top players for « free » well i 'm jealous
you 'd know if you knew who we sold these past years and how well they 're doing right now .
heck one of them even made us lose a champions league final not that long ago .
we have had some really good young players but they leave before exploding since they barely have any playing time with the professional team .
there 's rumours of us buying back nkunku for exemple for 70ish mil minimum ... do you find that normal ?
it helps that someone made a offer for every evm on looksrare .
it could go to entitled people but nice guy is pretty specific and this is not a nice guy story
ill tell u when im done i dont like being rushed
how does yaeger have the ability to bomb a persons assets '' ?
when he dies he was probably in his 30s .
so he 's 30s on earth 70s in hell and 100s altogether
in nederland heb je 149 kapitalistische zetels in het parlement .
she clearly said that 's a wazzfizzer if ever i saw one eh bruce ? ''
what purpose do these little shits serve to the ecosystem other than spreading diseases ?
well in this case it 's just trading one ass taste for another ... 😂
by the way one last question if you dont mind as a flutter tl what usually do you look for in a flutter developer when you are hiring developers specifically flutter .
judge savine rikke broad stour ... honestly most of the characters from the newest trilogy .
i liked the same types of characters in the original i just found the ones in the newer trilogy to lack depth and be very uninteresting .
broad in particular is criminally boring for the entire last half of his arc .
is it composary for to be the same or it 's goes well
wenn du gerne so schnell es geht schuldenfrei sein willst und nur für das gute gefühl dann mach das doch .
ist ein etwas konservativerer ansatz als ihn vielleicht einige hier verfolgen würden aber wenn es dich belastet die schulden zu haben und du gerne die sicherheit willst dann mach das .
am ende ist das bessere gefühl den etwas niedrigeren ev denke ich wert .
würde vermutlich wohl einen teil fürs alter sparen bspw .
in etf und den rest in den kredit ballern .
da wäre mir das risiko gerade in der derzeitigen situation unangenehm
we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
unpopulated capacitors are usually left over from the the development design of a board .
and if they are not need for the production version it is usually cheaper to just leave them off than redesign the pcb
ich hab nachgeschaut das kommt davon dass ein ausweichssub klar angegeben war und das einfach ignoriert hast .
sorry dass wir da nicht jedes mal grosse diskussionen dazu anfangen .
was hier die fadenscheinigen gründe '' sein sollen wird wohl weiterhin unklar bleiben .
discrimination based on sexuality has its foundations based on religion .
some cultures ban some sexual pratices some do n't .
how can you determine which is right and which is wrong .
on the other hand discrimination based on ethnicity has no foundations from religion or culture .
immediately changed to fox when i realized i had it on that channel .
jasonwolf5 you should n't be flexin and telling people they are wrong when you do n't even know about layers ... bushleague bro stop hating on this thread .
de laatste informele slavernij in nederlands-indië is 4-5 generaties geleden de laatste slavernij na de afschaffing in suriname van 1863 is 6-8 generaties geleden .
ik begrijp de roep om compensatie maar het gaat hier om enorme aantallen nakomelingen die met elke generatie zijn verveelvoudigd die allemaal dermate ver verwijderd staan van de tot slaaf gemaakte voorouders dat zij in geen enkel opzicht leed hebben kunnen ervaren van het onmenselijke onrecht dat hun voorouders is aangedaan .
zij zijn met alle respect voor hun familiegeschiedenis geen 'nabestaanden ' in de strikte zin van het woord .
compensatie zou niet alleen misplaatst maar ook in de praktijk onmogelijk zijn .
racisme en armoede zijn grote problemen die moeten worden aangepakt maar dat staat helaas los van het slavernijverleden .
in tegenstelling tot het compenseren van de slavernij lijkt me het aanpakken van die twee echter wél realistisch en uitvoerbaar .
en iets waar de voornamelijk zwarte nederlanders echt iets aan hebben .
als we het over compensatie voor ons verleden moeten hebben laten we het dan alsjeblieft hebben over het koloniale onrecht dat tijdens en na de tweede wereldoorlog is aangericht in suriname nederlands-indië en papoea .
er zijn nog genoeg levende mensen die dat onrecht destijds zélf hebben meegemaakt inclusief mijn familie en daar zijn de nabestaanden makkelijk aan te wijzen en veel van hen wonen in nederland .
en in tegenstelling tot excuses maken voor het slavernijverleden is deze geschiedenis nog steeds taboe
never let your enemies know your true intentions until it 's too late .
ez megengedett volt a lovagi kódexben igencsak fontos a becsület fenntartása .
nemesek akár ok nélkül is lemészárolhattak közrendűeket vagy rabszolgákat .
amúgy csak jelzem hogy amerikában az 1920-as években be volt tiltva minden alkohol valamint majd az egész euban jelenleg is be van tiltva a fű .
baban kanatları olan bir eşeğe bindi ve bulutların üstüne gitti
if you are n't using these cards on your melee can you really call yourself a melee player ?
arey student of the year waali life hoti college mein
i could be talking out my arse but i believe one of the big concerns was that if someone went to their doc and said hey i 'm trans i need hormones/surgery whatever '' and the doc says maybe not let 's explore different options '' it could potentially be considered conversation therapy .
i guess the big differentiator between gay and trans is that being trans will often require medical intervention and someone will ultimately have to decide whether it 's appropriate or not .
that decision could be considered 'conversion therapy ' if it 's a denial of treatment .
delusion is irrational fear of something which does n't exist or ca n't happen .
since no one 's hair has ever sprouted arms and strangled them this is a delusion not a phobia .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/germansgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
i got my blue belt alongside a 58 year old guy .
your punishment is you can not cum for 3 full days
as long as carlo does n't start kcm and invite too much pressure or sit deep the whole time it 's a manageable tie .
we lack the aggression and tempo for the first 60 mins against chelsea and cama fede should start for a more physical matchup .
i 'm a barca fan and i generally like atletico too with a lot of respect to simeone and what they 've accomplished .
but that game made me lose a bunch of that respect .
i thought they lost like brats and that savić especially was a huge pos like unbelievably
now i get why you 're trolling so hard .
nobody is going to take you seriously until you identify your country because until you do it is 100 certain that you are just screaming with impotent jealousy like the hypocrite terrorists from our 90 's action movies .
and then if you had the courage to actually say your country which you do n't we 'd dismantle your ridiculous efforts by pointing out the actual massive flaws in yours which undoubtedly dwarf ours which is exactly why you 're cowering behind anonymity .
or should i wait a few weeks when your country begins to implode from unrest and your government begs the usa for help ?
i always try to not let too much drip get away
done to your this post on your other posts also .
it really depends on what you personally define masculinity as many people have definitions for what being a man '' is .
similarly not running away from your problems '' is very vague .
do you mean that someone shouldnt take a workaround ?
do you mean that all problems inherently have a straightforward solution
rack is missing a couple of knobs for the effect parameters .
definitely use the disgorgers on mini-bosses but the real tip for a good high score is to avoid locked rooms altogether .
you 'll get your multiplier up faster and you get plenty of health/calibrators anyway just playing so they 'll level themselves up quickly .
i love being super close and i actually like when my partner uses me as the body pillow lol .
i do n't mind the longer route and actually did want to cross central germany because i have n't spent a lot of time there .
my route will only cross once from west to east and if i have to split the tour into seperate legs that 's okay as much as i enjoy the i cycled this road from beginning to end '' content here it is not the end all be all when you have obligations at home and can not take three months off .
if the mountains ruin me there 's no shame n skipping ahead via train .
please use comma s as the separator of the different title elements .
here are our title guidelines see the title formatting guidelines in the sidebar for examples
if you are the artist and do n't want to use your own name you can use me as the artist .
if you are not the artist you must specify the artist name .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/art if you have any questions or concerns .
security and privacy yes ive never heard them say their services are for anonymity
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlynudechicks if you have any questions or concerns .
i was considering a well but now i think i 'm going to reconsider and look at a rain collection system for the birds and garden .
my husband is a fireman here in our county i 'm going to keep all of this in mind going forward and have him investigate this here too .
i wish you all the best hope you guys are okay sincerely .
you 'll find any means possible to get rid of reserved seats of woman
china locking down war in ukraine sanctions on russia .
all of this while doubling production of electric cars every year .
this is temporary and will change once supply catches up with demand .
but demand is exploding so all cars and materials that are available can be sold at a premium .
market prices for a product and costs for creating it are not always strictly related .
say that shit to a black dude and see what happens .
u prob live in utah u a lil white boy who ai n't never struggle thinking he 's gansta .
i ai n't your pal if i saw u on the street i 'd curve stop your ass into the pavement cause u got a perm .
every musk fanboy believes he is playing some extraordinarily crazy game of 4d chess .
i think it 's ... if you have the required bachelor 's knowledge ... '' not ... if you have the required bachelor's knowledge ... ''
oh well my dude no i majored at a large german university but anyhow i viewed your comment history and you seem to get your pay checks from a troll farm so no point in further discussion
meh ik zat nu in een 2-jarige havo/vwo brugklas die op vwo niveau werd les gegeven volgens de docenten .
ik heb echt letterlijk ongeveer niks aan school gedaan in de eerste 2 jaar .
dit is wel zo'n geval van wat goed is voor de meeste mensen is niet per se goed voor iedereen .
onderwijskundigen lijken wel voorstander van een systeem met een 3-jarige brugklas en die zullen er meer van weten dan ik maar voor mij persoonlijk was het een ramp geweest als het nog makkelijker was geweest .
achteraf had ik misschien ook gewoon naar een gymnasium moeten gaan maar het niet christelijke gymnasium bij ons was op de open dag gelijk al zo elitair bezig dat zowel ik als mijn ouders daar volledig op afknapten .
ik denk ook dat het veel van de school afhangt .
een vriend van me zat op de vrije school en daar was het al redelijk op zo'n manier ingericht en later had hij wel ook nog wiskunde op een hoger niveau ondanks dat hij vmbo deed .
tldr ik heb er verder geen verstand van en onderwijskundigen wel dus laten we hun lijn maar volgen maar ik hoop dat er wel moeilijkere stof beschikbaar blijft voor slimme leerlingen .
is robyn barring him from seeing his dentist 🪥 🦷 due covid precautions ?
so seaweed extract is n't organic because it comes in a bottle ?
if this somehow fucks over jonathon and he ends up going home tonight this is the last episode i watch
car parts are getting stolen left and right in my neighborhood .
i do not recall what it is called but the cost is about 2000 to replace it .
i have a locked driveway i just want to use it .
about 3 years ago my brand new car was stolen i do n't want to pay for that again .
no cap proposed not to kill people who have n't harmed like doctor strange and the highschool kid .
also secondly again natasha and like 90 percent of shield have done that including nick fury .
you should be able to call and ask your vet what the annual vaccines they recommend are .
my cats are indoor only outdoor cats need more vaccines and get a rabies vaccine every 3 years you need this yearly if you only do a 1 yr booster but get annual fvrcp boosters as well as felv because the vaccines are much much much cheaper than treatment for the illness .
additionally feline leukemia is most likely fatal and highly contagious amongst cats .
you can read more about cat vaccines here https vcahospitals.com/know-your-pet/are-booster-vaccines-necessary-for-cats
i did a lot of ritalin before i ever touched adderall .
adderall was always more of a mental drain for a few days which i could always handle .
think she mistook this subreddit for getting some korean dick
i actually miss the restaurants around where i work .
when we go to the area for some reason we always go eat at one of them .
alia looks like young rishi in wig meanwhile rk looks like neetu with short hairstyle .
what you described is very very similar to how i feel when i have a panic attack induced from severe anxiety .
i think you probably just hit that cart a few too many times before your body had time to catch up .
you 'll be okay just listen to your friends and try to calm down i know easier said than done .
put on a comfort show and grab a blanket i 'm sure you 'll feel better soon ✌
foul afk farmers in search of the easy runes ?
let it be insert anyone who has a brain lol ''
the pump do n't work cause a vandal took the handle .
read the rest of my posts on this thread .
yet she is a major political figure in france .
it ca n't be right she struggles for quarter the funds losers are provided with year after year .
she must be fought she ca n't be blocked .
at my walmart i get paid 18.50 an hour for overnight .
if anything that blatant missed strike on the first pitch will be a nyy
mom is probably just worried about cats in general even though you told her that the neighbor also has lilies .
so working 8 hours/week and making 2/hr as a small business owner is better ?
wage slave is better than a workaholic growing their net liabilities .
what 's he/she going to start a new business with ?
it 's so wild watching all this knowing the rompa room fuckery that is coming
that 's too much progress lost and is also just a mean thing to do .
alternatively cbs have worker really well.y favorite right now is diggs and surtain .
new phones auto correct is not doing me any favors .
i 'm from australia and our university lecturers do n't care if you do n't turn up at all .
if i received this from a professor i would think they were attracted to me or something 😂
same here i love the art style of the manga so i decided to buy it
it 's not meant to be a magnum opus just to show you can conduct independent research successfully .
i think this feeling is very very normal near the end .
it also shows how much you 've learned in the process .
decisions you made at the start you 'd never make now because you 're a way better scientist now than you were a few years ago .
how many times do the russians need to be taught that they ca n't use that airfield ?
winter sucks though i 'd assume the same for philly and brooklyn
yeah i beat him without even charging his block meter i would of with my flame face if he did n't concede .
he doesnt necessarily dominate irelia if she knows what she is doing .
irelia definitely has to be way smarter about the matchup but its not impossible at all i would rather face sett than jax or fiora
yup using fi 's messages for web allows me to send/receive calls from my computer and access my voicemail as well .
one of my co-workers believes in conspiracy theory shit like this and tried to tell me not to get the vaccine because of the magnetism .
after i got it i took a whole bunch of silverware and had her watch every single utensil fall to the ground not sticking to me .
she still did n't believe they did n't cause magnetism .
it helps me to not get stuck crouching instead of sliding .
lol i used to delete my call and text history always so it was clear and would be harder .
but a friend pointed out how did that prob was to my husband .
he did n't think so cuz he has known my ocd since high school .
i would say yes just rule of cool it .
another option is to just retcon the longsword and make it a 1 rapier .
i 'm in my 40 's and have the first two stuffed animals i was ever given .
until recently even had the 1st quilt i was ever given as well loved it to death over the years it was the softest ever .
because if people consistently spend 5-20k an item every week there is no legitimate way they 're earning that gold unless they 're all auction house moguls by some chance .
if these things happen in america could n't you pull the annoying yet plausible freedom of speech '' move ?
i have a bunch of scrap posts 2x8s 2x6 and 2x4 i was going to make a bench from ... .
i think i 'm going to literally just copy your design .
why does it have to be ‘lul so random ' attachments and designs like samurai and mohawkes and stuff that just does n't fit the look of a halo game ?
also trying to learn about the value of these cards haha .
i have a little cash box i bought exactly for the purpose of storing all the meds .
it locks with a key and the key gets put in a place where it can not be easily found .
i may be stretching but this whole post seemed to be just about the father and her to some extent .
the well being of the child was not discussed at all .
she only considered the feelings of the absentee father .
i feel bad for her but this is just weird .
i can be reading into it too but i do n't know .
night shift has been shown to cause heart-related health risks .
i used to have mlb network every year but i 've lived in florida and indiana and every other series is blacked out depending on who the braves are playing .
now i just stream it for free on the interweb
lately i 've been doing a lot of clay and resin crafting like this salt water taffy '' https imgur.com/gallery/38mzsiq .
it 's super fun and therapeutic i love my hobbies thanks for the tag u/cherriestastesweet
coming from a lot of bf3 being a super chad there .
but in this game it just feels like i 'm 'perma lagged ' about almost a half second .
ai scavs are fine i can hit them but players never seem to be where i see them .
i do n't treat this as a pvp game .
sure there is pvp risks that 's very important to make the game feel dangerous .
lots of ai to kill to get my kicks in .
as for others i either hit and run make friends or just run .
if you want to do an md-phd stay in the lab and try to put out a publication .
if possible i 'd also try to avoid gap years prior to the md-phd .
unless you think these are necessary to get in ... 2 years on top of an 8-9 year md-phd means you 'll be in your late 30s by the time you start to make more than a modest stipend .
i honestly think the pels would be the hardest round 1 matchup but even they would be out in 5 against us
and i always temp them with an instant read thermometer .
using the lid is not like using an oven you 're still cooking over coals .
well shit i guess i 'm not allowed to drink alcohol either in marcy marc 's america .
or drive a car because those kill people to .
or ride in a plane or on a train .
or go outside really in general because there might be something dangerous out there .
hello u/impossible-half-553 you may get banned without warning if you do n't follow posting rules
post title should be clear mention names of celebs and topic to be discussed
do not copy entire article post excerpt not more than 3-4 lines and link as source
movie discussion posts here only on saturdays and sundays .
religious/political post there is immediate and permanent ban for post and comment
crossposts are allowed only from bollywood and mod apporved subs .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bollyblindsngossip if you have any questions or concerns .
the drive to hailey from boise is 2h15 that 's if you go the speed limit so most drivers would get there a bit faster .
she ca n't sit in the car and drive for 2 hours even taking as many pit stops as needed ?
from what i understand cps would still get involved with an orphan case unless there are already guardianship papers in place .
i do n't think many places let you just declare yourself the legal guardian of a child even if they are orphaned without some sort of official process .
my cousins had to go to court when one of them was dying .
she had cancer so knew it was coming and she wanted her sister to raise her son and not her mom his absent dad etc .
they filed to make the sister a 's guardian and when his mom passed away the sister had full legal custody without going back to court .
but if she had n't done that apparently it would 've been up to cps/the court to decide where to place a .
i am so sorry you 're going through this .
i 'm in a similar situation and navigating a newborn and a bad marriage is horrible .
i hope you have other help and are getting to enjoy your babies .
you judge the activity of the game by the typical market .
on xbox it 's common to have 1.5m items listed at 5pm est then be done to 700k around 10pm est .
lillard had quite a few good do or die games though .
was n't his legendary buzzer beater on top of a 40 point game
i just did this for a guest who gave me a 2 for value and overall rating of 4 .
sure he paid a premium for booking a stay during peak time when everything else is sold out but should n't be dinging me on value when everything comparable is priced even higher .
if he wants something cheap then he should go stay at a motel 6 and i do n't want him instant booking my other listings .
uj if xcx world was real this would 've been a fun bonus track
workwear carhartt dickies etc the band merch you 've been wanting to buy but have n't for some reason or your fav kind of clothes or something idk
mark jones seems like a nice guy but he 's cheesy af lmao
you see the stone is meant to represent the nurse themselves because squeezing any more productivity out of the nurse is like squeezing blood from a stone .
i have no doubt the yellow dmt could do the same lmao it 's all incredibly strong stuff !
not the most unrealistic thing i 've seen from this god forsaken game
i raised it and turned it down a notch .
imagine making that much money and not actually producing anything .
a normal person would reflect on that for about five minutes and come to the conclusion they were a piece of shit .
i was so shocked they first time i rented a u-haul at 19 .
my parents had larger vehicles growing up so i was n't completely new still blew me away and had me nervous
this experience taught me to stay the hell away from rental trucks on the road as it is probably someone driving it that has n't driven one more than a few times ever .
as do i. i only spam g if i 've already done the zone and such the first time around .
and even then i 'll make an exception in case there 's unique dialogue if the character i 'm on is in their origin zone like mage in rohendel or gunner in arthetine .
my tiktok sucks but i hate myself so i guess that makes sense
i 'm just saying he could probably use some time in triple a .
i feel like people say to make sure your phone is backed up before updating so that 's why i 'm here haha
i do n't know what you just did but it worked and i will be using it from now on
a fellow tarnished in seek of the great elden ring and wants to become lord ?
what do their managers do apart from destroy moral ?
no clue but i hear about warpfire minis all the time
in an axle for a vehicle you have a ring gear and a pinion .
the purpose of a differential is in the name .
when you make a corner the outside wheel needs to travel the further distance than the inside wheel .
thereby you need some mechanism to allow this difference in speed .
the large gear you see with paint on it is the ring gear .
that gear bolts to the differential carrier assembly that both of your axle shaft slide into .
your tires then bolt onto the axle shafts through a hub .
all of the power that your vehicle makes gets transmitted through the gear teeth to your tires .
so if you 've ever spun your tires in the snow or done it burnout or transmission dropped a car to make it go very fast all of that force goes through these .
you have very thin metal shims they are .03 or .010 inches in thickness .
you use the shims to move this big gear and the accompanying carrier from left to right or from driver side to passenger side .
not seen in this photo is the pinion gear .
the pinion sits at the front of the axle and the drive shaft bolts onto a yoke that splines into the pinion .
so you have your engine which goes to a transmission and maybe to a transfer case and then a drive shaft and then that pinion and the ring gear and your tires .
when these teeth come together you do not want a lot of slop .
if you have excessive movement in them you might break them under a shock load you also might have a noisy gear pattern if they are too tight and worst case scenario if the surface mesh is off where the teeth simply do not make a good contact there wo n't be enough metal there to handle the torque and you 're going to grenade your differential under power .
so once you get some parameters setup and you think you 've got stuff in the right place .
you use marking compound and a paint brush to paint on this yellow material .
then you run the differential forward and backwards either by hand or with a drill and keep slight back pressure on the other piece of gearing .
when you do this you 're going to force the gears to rub together and rub off some of this marking compound .
thereby it shows you in a negative how the gears touch each other .
the concave side of the gear is the coast side when you are not on the throttle and the convex side is where the force gets applied when you 're on the gas .
the very inner part is called the toe that 's the area by the big shiny round metal thing .
and the outside of the gear closest to that tooth looking thing is your heel .
you want the gear pattern to be closer to the toe so that under throttle when things deflect that pattern is going to ride up towards the heel and be more centered on the gear teeth .
this allows the largest possible chunk of metal to withstand the power coming through your axel and into your tires .
on the coast side you generally just want a pattern that fits well on the tooth but for me i have a j brake and other towing equipment which means when i am not on the throttle my gearing is heavily loaded in the opposite way .
so my engine will break the vehicle without using the brakes to slow down and that 's even if i 've got a 30000 lb trailer behind me .
so it 's more critical for me to get the coastside accurate as well
also i think i 'm going to do an open letter to mazda to see why the pano opening is so small .
you 've got two pretty solid options there friend .
i 'm biased as a pats fan but i love cordarelle pattersons card .
my favorite thing is being in the forest during the daytime chilling in the hammock .
very and i hate my country are the same in my opinion .
one of those tracks that immediately felt nostalgic even though i 'd only listened to it once ya know ?
to be fair most of tychos music is like that for me hahaha .
do not be mean insulting or disrespectful to any other user on this subreddit .
do not harass or annoy others in any way .
catfishing is the luring of somebody into an online friendship through a fake online persona .
you will be banned if you are homophobic transphobic racist sexist or bigoted in any way .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/questions if you have any questions or concerns .
i think he has a creepy wig fetish if i 'm being completely honest lol
sorry but i had to remove your recent post on r/r4rstralia because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
you can check out the guidelines here http www.reddit.com/r/r4r/comments/z08ap/how_you_should_tag_your_r4r_posts .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r location description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your subject
use only m f t and r for tagging gender .
make sure you 're not using w when you mean to use f or a when you mean to use r.
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 21/21 mf4r .
if you are posting about r/r4rstralia please use a meta tag at the beginning of the subject .
please visit the submission page http www.reddit.com/r/r4rstralia/submit ? sidebar title=age r4r location title to resubmit your post .
if you get an error message asking you to wait you must wait until the timer expires before posting again .
if you 're still having issues with your post please feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fr4rstralia .
finally please make sure you read the rules on the sidebar !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4rstralia if you have any questions or concerns .
i wish nothing but pain and suffering upon bleed builds .
2nd best player for the top championship club is above best player for scottish premiership .
i was there and he did start with stormfront but i read that it was the first time since 06 that he played that song .
regardless it was an amazing show worth every penny .
503 miles to empty does n't mean you 're going to get 500 miles to a tank i almost never get the anticipated miles to empty after filling up .
the so called genocide convention https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genocide_convention defines genocide as
... any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy in whole or in part a national ethnic racial or religious group as such
causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group
deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part
forcibly transferring children of the group to another group .
if vision was n't so weak in the movies this might be harder but red for sure
i thought june 2nd but any body willing to chime in ?
i started taking this as well and it 's helped alot .
one thing i ca n't figure out is does it cause really small tremors or shakes for anyone periodically in hands and arms ?
since i take it when i feel an attack coming on
i 've worked with flat tilesets that have perfectly square hitboxes that still produced a bump .
it was a timing issue based on which code executed first .
hopefully we can get a powerplay and be 0/20 in a row .
i was rereading it as well and i stopped at this point and realized they really have n't brought this point up much since here .
he mentioned it in the beginning when telling his back story we see it here in chapter 2 or is this 3 ?
and then i do n't recall it ever being brought up
edit since i should specify i mean how he became a spy to make a world where kids do n't cry like he had to do ... alone .
it 's sad but again it really was n't brought up much since .
i watched ep 1 and i was very emotional from that scene but i 'm like wait i do n't remember that . ''
how do you not get tired of being the voice of reason
bellinger is starting to figure some things out it seems .
ooh wow galahad is so cool and can sit in the chair of the grail knight and also pulls a sword out of a stone just like arthur but this one is cooler cause hes the grail knight and hes so much cooler than that lame lancelot he deserves to have a firebolt shot at his face ''
it looks like you might be posting about bite inhibition .
check out our wiki article on biting teeth and chewing https www.reddit.com/r/puppy101/wiki/biting the information there may answer your question .
please report this comment if it is not relevant to this post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/puppy101 if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly not too many people read the cover letters any more .
chroma key green that ring and you 've got some dope footage ...
this comment has been removed because your account does not meet certain requirements .
it will be reviewed as soon as possible by a human .
please send us a message if no action is taken within 24 hrs .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/luxembourg if you have any questions or concerns .
if you are asking a question please make sure to include any relevant info along with the following
redditors that have been verified will have a green background and an icon in their flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askmechanics if you have any questions or concerns .
sent you a text with a pic of some lyrics .
roasted and hollandaise eggs an smoked salmon a poached on english side
i know it seems like everyone around you is having sex but they 're not .
i lost my virginity at 25 and i do n't regret it .
it 'll happen in its own time but you do have to put yourself out there .
here 's a quick idea you can copy if you want add bits of u need more detail
one day a farmer was on his tractor going through the dirt path that leads to his farm when a fox appears on the road blocking his tractor .
the farmer tries to shoo away the fox but it wo n't budge .
the farmer asks you want me to follow you huh ? then the fox wiggles it tail .
the farmer follows the fox and it takes him to a tree that has fallen over .
the farmer realizes the tree has fallen on top of the foxes home .
he grabs a wrench and moves the tree with his tractor .
when he returns he sees why it was so important to the fox for the farmer to move the tree ... as in the foxes home were five little fox cubs .
u/edknight thought you got away with it did n't you
dam it 's been a while since i watched pro league .
my boss was worried he was sick so he told me to feed him but i 'll definitely keep that in mind for next time !
we named him edgar and i think he 's very dapper .
he chattered his beak at me a few times in what seemed to be a friendly matter .
i did n't know animals would become human-dependent i figured they would just eat when hungry .
hun youre gon na have to leave them behind if you want an actual life .
you moving out/staying away is going to force something big to happen with your mom .
she wont have you paying for all of it and she will have to pay the bills or end up homeless .
then if she ends up homeless maybe then your siblings can finally get some real help .
do you think only guys with big dicks have sex ?
but having a big dick does n't automatically make you good a sex .
be insecure about your small dick and see how far that gets you .
may i ask what types of characters you 've made .
i keep trying to make a tree sentinel build and getting bored by lyndell
placidicks or whatever his name is is the longest run in elden ring and still unbelievably short compared to basically any boss in the other games
no one is ever really prepared to have kids .
if a person waits until they 're fully prepared they 'll never have any .
kids are expensive they get sick they stress you out but you love them .
they are super fun and are really great at turning a bad day into a good day .
as you grow up you change and the idea of having kids seems to change as well .
someone sent me this hilarious dm calling the weeknd a rapper just because he 's black is mad racist and i hope you fucking know that you cum dumpster ''
this scene took about 30 seconds for me to train .
many little girls say they want to marry their dad when they get older .
remember to follow the reddiquette https reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-reddiquette engage in a healthy discussion refrain from name-calling and please remember the human .
report any harassment inflammatory comments or doxxing attempts that you see to the moderator .
moderators may lock/remove an individual comment or even lock/remove the entire thread if it 's deemed appropriate .
you 're also encouraged to write down a summary submission statement or your personal opinion in the comment section as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/indonesia if you have any questions or concerns .
sure but so does literally everything that is above 0k .
it does n't seem to have an effect on those who spend their entire lives with the wand so it probably is not ionizing radiation .
i 've been snickering like a doofus for the last ten damned minutes .
i think she did ask fort he real availability during the job interview .
they didnt have any in stock have already sold their allocations and even sold all their custom orders available .
best they said is new orders should start after summer .
i am from mainland though i moved outside for grad school and people would call each other behench*d/madarch*d all the time in college as i said it was all in good humor though somewhat sexist .
worst of all of it ada 1 div head yg verbal abuse ke co-worker yg notabene ex-pasien kanker otak dibikin stres sampe kankernya kumat dan akhirnya meninggal .
everyone on management knows tp masi bisa haha-hihi sama tu manusia .
div head ini juga bikin orang lama gak nyaman dan resign kemudian masukin orang-orang dia dari ex-company dia sndiri secara massal .
kondisinya skrg tetep kacau di internal banyak ditinggal orang-orang yg sudah membesarkan perusahaan .
the company is too big to go bankrupt instantly sinking slowly .
please check your laptop to make sure it is in good health before another attempt to update .
do diskcleanup defrag optimize and remove unused third party programs especially antivirus antimalware then scan with windows defender .
visit the laptop manufacturer 's support web site search for current bios and drivers update .
but then again email was n't really envisioned with consumers in mind .
fuck centrist joe biden but fuck inbred far right wack job conservatives even more ❤️
wrenn 's art was shown when they were talking about the 2nd double masters set back when it was announced also aminatou so i 'm guessing wrenn will be there .
when she was on the list before the list version was more expensive than the mh1 version anyway so.. probably fine .
it 's not an unpaid lunch-break '' then it 's eating while working .
and if you 're working you need to be paid for that .
sometimes when you shop the bargain bin ... you get stuff that belongs in a bargain bin .
this describes a lot of the bottom of the order
i 've waited over a month for my package from the mint atm .
now with long easter weekend i 'm being told it 's coming late next week .
the mint is 30kms away ... package was picked up by courier 3 days ago ... .before easter ... last time they gave this order to the wrong person ... yet when i went to pick it up from post office i had to show my drivers license which has my name and address on it .
apparently the guy who picked up my package initially ... .did n't have to show his drivers license ... . !
you do n't know how long the players will take to accomplish the goal or when they 'll even start work on it
if the goal is to save a village then there 's a certain amount of time for the party to do so before the village is destroyed .
if the players dilly-dally then they lose out on the possible loot .
if the goal is to solve the mystery of mutilations then if they dilly-dally someone else will solve it .
just like the real world opportunities are n't going to stick around forever waiting for your players to take them .
in fact you can make a whole point of forcing your players to pick and choose too .
in-character you can imply a time limit and ooc you can straight-up tell your players the exact time limit so they do n't feel cheated .
do n't worry about breaking the 4th wall your players will be fine .
finding a reasonable way to give the loot should be no different than giving loot in the main quest maybe the party finds it on the boss 's body or they find a chest or the villagers give them a reward .
or maybe they shoot down a griffon rider and gold literally falls from the sky .
determining the loot should n't be too difficult if you set a reasonable time limit .
unless you 're leveling up your players like crazy a few in-universe days should n't boost them enough levels to depreciate the reward by much .
alternatively you can upgrade the reward if you feel that it 's not enough .
one thing players love more than getting loot is getting more/better loot than they were expecting .
you could tell them in-character that for example the reward the villagers are offering has increased because they 're getting desperate that no one has solved their problem yet .
if you have qualms about communicating to the players what loot a side-quest will give i 'd advise you do the same thing as the time limit imply the reward in-character and explicitly tell the players ooc .
imo you 're too hung-up on the whole 4th-wall-breaking issue .
do n't worry so much about it and just communicate with your players .
they can deal with the suspension of disbelief and they 'll likely find a way to make it work in-character .
at the end of the day they 're there to have fun not to keep the story devoid of any inkling of metagaming which is n't really possible anyways .
my wifi bulbs work fine with dimmers you just have to put them at near max voltage for it to work right .
even if leadership was n't an issue they 'd then likely become a commodity dependent country .
sure oil is valuable but even saudi arabia and the uae are preparing infrastructure for its inevitable scarcity and/or irrelevance and that 's only possible because they have the money to do so .
once the price of oil implodes on itself venezuela would be right back where they are .
it 's a slow 30 to 50 year fucking but it is a fucking .
am i gon na pretend to know the solution ?
weird that the 65th rifles are wearing 95th canteens lol .
and also the uniforms of the napoleonic wars under george iii and not victoria .
i finished my first one a couple days ago .
but while i did my buddies were in the party had a freeze off .
i never got that into nail polish when i was going through my phase about ten years ago but this is so fascinating ! !
i go to a lot of estate sales and now i 'm thinking that i 've missed out on hunting for old polish lol most estate sales have absolutely everything for sale in the house .
the problem with unionizing fast food is the high turnover .
it was actually that writeup from u/fruitsaladninja that confused me but reading it again i think i understand it better it 's the ethereum gas fees that node holders and not users pay that will automatically be brought into the rewards pool .
so will there be no eth fees to pay after the implementation ?
for what it 's worth i think your facial hair looks great as is .
i 'm interested to learn more about it and it 's important to me to have a better understanding of it .
i think i have touched triasl like 1 time for some matches i 'm super ok with rewards locked in high end pvp or pve if you like to pursue them .
the thing i 'm not ok was that pvp weapons were the best pve weapons without having options looking at you recluse and mountaintop .
edit i found my trials history in destinytrialsreport.com https destinytrialsreport.com 14 matches in 4 years on the game xd
if we are truly relying on this crop of youth for a competitive advantage those 6 games in addition to league cup games are essential .
not to mention keeping the fringe players in the 18 ‘warm '
the left side gives it away tommy 's markings are in the same place as hk 's but are clearly not .
they do n't magically happen you just work at it .
use feints and miss direction to get the grip you want .
i find closed guard no-gi is my strongest position but you have to work whilst you 're there and chain attacks together .
the audacity to wear your boxers and bleed on em
that vile old hag has been ripping off tax payers for decades like handing contracts to her husband .
if i do my ear will react by building up a mountain of ear wax and i go deaf .
i use a water jet thing when i get build up .
i am part indian and i do n't know much about that part of me .
it 's really cool to hear more about it .
before the invasion people called putin an evil genius and now he looks like an incompetent old fool with an embarrassing and dishonorable army that 's comprised of child killing rapists and cowards .
russia has shown the world how weak she is and the talk of world war iii is absurd .
russia can‘t invade ukraine properly so they 'd be decimated if they entered europe .
people need to remember that it 's a failed country and putin has ensured that russia will remain so .
putin is n't a genius or anything other than your typical tyrant who lusts for more power .
tbh yamato staying is almost surely the most likely scenario and what would make the most sense to her character .
she wants to be oden because of what he meant for the people of wano but the oden who left them to suffer just to live his own adventure is n't that same oden .
if she just left wano she 'd be doing the same as oden 's greatest faliure .
if anything the only one i could see joining the straw hats temporarily still extremely unlikely would be momo in a quest to grow up and better himself and fight for the liberation of the country while hiyori and yamato guard wano
stop stop just transfer this account to someone else aaaahhhhhhhhhhhh
more info and examples here on my carrd https erickiwicommissions.carrd.co https erickiwicommissions.carrd.co
you can also find me on twitter if you want to check some of the other works https twitter.com/erickiwi\_art https twitter.com/erickiwi_art
you do n't get her when playing a female .
you should see what it 's like when you tell a stubborn girl no .
insert obligatory not all but just trying to balance it out a bit .
it 's hard to believe that you crammed an entire confession into this short post .
could you add some detail to it before posting ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sluttyconfessions if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're aware of your best qualities and you 're good at making them known .
she most likely has anxious attachment and puts partners on a pedestal .
this may tone down a little but likely wo n't go away
maybe you do have really good communication and organization .
it seems like praise triggers you in some way .
that may or may not be an attachment issue you have but regardless you seem kinda down on yourself .
but not for the reason you should be down on yourself .
dating a mono person is going to be messy .
especially a mono person that is likely settling for crumbs of what she wants bc she 's so desperate for affection from someone who is n't outright abusing her .
it 's going to be an emotional disaster and you know that .
the best case scenario is this lady meets a mono person who will give her what she actually wants and leaves you .
the worst case scenario is your polyamory triggers her abandonment trauma until you leave her .
the worst worst case scenario is you both stay in a dynamic where you 're going to be miserable .
why are you hoping she can handle polyamory and not looking for someone who wants polyamory ?
there 's a little bit of a power trip element underneath all this
i do n't think it 's fair to say trans men get surgery so that gay men are attracted to them .
i 'm not saying they should cater to me .
i 'm saying that i wo n't be attracted to them if they are n't he male phenotype because i am in fact gay .
i 'm also not sure it 's cool to be sad that 100 of transmen do n't get surgery i do n't think that 's required or the inevitable end of transitioning .
being attracted to the male form is not a preference it 's a sexual orientation .
preferences can be learned and unlearned sexual orientation can not be learned or unlearned .
i 'm not saying trans men should do anything they do n't want to do in terms of hrt or surgery !
i 'm saying that objectively gay men will be attracted to the male phenotype that 's what being gay means which often can only be reached by trans men through hormones and surgery .
no one is obliged to do anything they do n't want to do
calling gay men who are sexually attracted to male physical characteristics having a preference '' is homophobic .
ook mooi dat ie daar ging zitten in een losse trui baardje van een paar dagen en ongekamd haar .
is de eerste keer ooit dat ik hem niet in een pak zie met strak kapsel .
just curious why do you need such a large screen ?
its criminally good but why does food on passover hit so hard
klee having the highest female aesthetic rating is honestly so wholesome .
i do n't wan na sound like a monster or weirdo but i 'm tryna smash she says till marriage but i wan na try sum anyways fuckk idk what 's wrong with me
minsan kasi other topics are too bothersome 😅 yung tipong need a lot of knowledge and expertise.. kelangan na experience na or well read to be able to communicate it with the other person.. pag sa philosophy/politics or other technical information dapat alam mo talaga pinag uusapan or else look like an idiot .
this is data you can literally download from etsy .
you can sort by customer and so easily determine who your best customers are .
although i could recite a good many of those names and what they generally buy by heart for my own shop .
mr. dj i thought you said we had a deal !
i thought you said you scratch my back and i scratch your record !
and i thought you said we had a deal !
tyler was a kid fresh out of college adam was the lab director .
there is a difference in credibility especially if george schultz is saying his grandson is wrong .
and again they did not really want tyler in court either .
they wanted to drown him in legal fees until he agreed to an nda
noticing the level of bullshit has gone down now that there are my folks going back to work
please you can not be serious if this info '' is coming from both sides .
the info has to come from other source than them .
also it 's not ice it 's oil which is much harder to walk on .
the more magma flows the mermaids the less they will have .
this person is clearly anti pit but they 're not wrong .
i 'll never understand why people backyard breed their pitties when they already makeup way over half of the percentage of shelter dogs .
i agree but why is he in every subreddit i 'm in
you 're a twisted fucking cyclepath and the fact that you have no influence over the weather is proof that god is real and he loves us
oh how i wish i could say game of thrones .
but those last two seasons the last one especially just wo n't let me .
during those last few episodes it was like watching someone you love die in front of your eyes .
! claire and sandringham have a conversation about this is dia .
he says no he is n't screwing bjr and no an accusation of sodemy would n't hurt him much he 's too high up .
i do n't know that we ever get a real answer .
would have to go back and reread that part .
it 's not a genius solution '' it 's a transparently unworkable proposal that the tories know is doomed to fail .
hope i make it in the may round because i dont even finish all my courses for my final grade by april end lol
depends on local jurisdiction but generally battery does n't require striking someone .
just unwanted touching e.g. me grabbing someone 's backpack their wearing — battery .
the dude committed battery when he grabbed the lady and/or her purse
assault again depends on local jurisdiction is generally is the crime of the attempted battery acting like i 'm going to hit you etc .
the dude committed assault in in the first fake out attempt to grab the purse
also relevant would be self defense and defense of others https www.californiacriminaldefender.com/amp/defense-of-others.html
it looks like they 're in brazil or somewhere which has civil law as opposed to common law so my bet would be their local felony definitions are much like mpc or ca criminal law statues .
with the argument that sanctions must hurt russia more than the european union ... d-day in normandy would never have happened .
biden saying that inflation is nothing compared to crimes against humanity showed a completely different mindset .
yeah always down vote question titled posts here especially when it 's obvious who 's at fault .
not sure why they need clicks though not like they are earning revenue .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/u_srwilsonsm2 if you have any questions or concerns .
stormcloaks have been around for a few years the empire for 200 if you only count from the mede dynasty over 600 i think if you start from tiber septim .
most attack on titan technology from outside of paradis is very heavily copied from real world sometimes they are basically 1:1 copies
having a bombers that vaguely resemble b2 is completely in line with the depiction of rest of the setting
maybe a dumb question but why does the start button for some stages have a brain icon while others do n't ?
i 've never really noticed this until this event made it blatantly obvious where half the stages have it and the other half does n't .
only applies to the blue normal mode start button .
you took her belongings and threw them out she was a child in foster care do you really not have any empathy for the fact that she more than likely had to move her stuff in garbage bags like that .
it was in spaces she should be allowed privacy but you are some weird controlling asshole and feel like it 's your right to touch and go through other peoples things .
do n't be surprised when they leave you 're not contacted again .
there is a medical condition dubbed buried penis '' .
if you search for that obviously consult suitable medical website .
buried penis is a condition that can affect boys and adult men .
in this condition the penis is of normal size but is hidden under the skin of the abdomen thigh or scrotum sac beneath the penis that holds the testicles . ''
not too loud unless cpu temp is above 70°c .
i do n't have a sound monitoring device so do n't know the db but the fans are definitely quieter compared to my 9500 version .
16gb is n't cut it for those resource-hogging apps .
perhaps if they are double-base nitrocellulose gelled with nitroglycerin or triple-base the former but also with nitroguanidine to modify the burn rate to pressure relationship it 's ballistics and improve performance somewhat and not stored very well with temperature fluctuations especially high temperatures .
but if they 're ammonium perchlorate composites they 'll last a long long time .
if they 're nitro esters or other nitro-organics they may degrade .
all that being said many militaries will dispose of old munitions simply because even if the risk is minor it may nonetheless not be worth taking as the consequences can be severe and many of the policies regarding storage were formed in a time when explosives were less stable and reliable
he looks like a very distinctive gentleman quite an honor to be viewing this photograph of the man himself
if you had all those symptoms it 's a lot more likely that you had the flu .
flu severity can vary wildly even with the same individual depending on how your overall health if you have been vaccinated and just the characteristics of that year 's variant .
if the guys at the gun shop are giving you shit i 'd never go back there .
that is exactly what i was trying to explain to her on our first fight a few weeks ago .
i do n't remember what she said but she is really smart and good at arguing and i am not that smart and terrible at thinking on my feet .
this comment is a copy of your post so readers can see the original text if your post is edited or removed .
this comment is not accusing you of copying anything .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
hi so i f21 recently planned a trip to my sisters f18 city and spontaneously decided to move here .
i was going to move somewhere else but i had a bad gut feeling about it and thought i had more opportunities in my sisters city so i ended up extending my stay with her by less than a week to sort out my life a bit more .
during this week i found a place and lined up some job interviews and it was unsure at times how much i would be extending it .
now my sister and i are pretty close never fight seriously and i 've often been the one who cares for her because i 'm older and have been in messy living situations before and especially because the prices in northern europe are insane for renting or anything .
all of her friends and housemates have been incredible kind to me and her housemates especially want me to stay as long as i need since i 'm moving into my new place at the end of the month .
anyway my sister has started showing a new side to me this week though .
she 's been pushing me away and i 've been very stressed and crying often and she 's been very nonchalant .
last night i caught a cold and started getting an insane fever and she had a party with her housemates while i was crying and basically writhing around in bed all night .
it was never an option for my sister for me to stay until the end of the month and sure i understand but i 'm still shocked she 's been so cold to me .
i 'm only staying one night more but i honestly just want to get out of here as soon as possible i do n't understand why she 's been treating me like this here .
we have n't lived in the same country for a bit and regardless of me moving here or not i 've been really excited to just hang out with her .
i feel very unwanted and hurt because of how she 's been treating me and wish i had never come here .
i have no intention of taking over her life as i 've always been very independent i just thought it would be nice to live close to eachother again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
your submission was removed because you have not verified with the mod team .
from now on the ass only allows oc content from verified users .
please read here for steps on how to verify .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ass if you have any questions or concerns .
not everyone has mountains of free xp to dump into bad stock grinds .
besides i dump it into tanks that are bad altogether to get past them ala amx 65 t
do you live in the foothills in scottsdale or something ?
because the distance between blocks does n't change in most of the city .
you basically ca n't build power plants at all to reduce impact altogether
in the carian royal family mansion there are 10 fingered fiends just sitting there ready to amaze you .
one of my favorite things for technical documents/erds for big projects is a breakdown of milestones .
if i had to summarize the reasons they 'd be
it shows that the author is being pragmatic about how to provide value in an incremental way .
the author ca n't hide behind a huge architecture and say yeah we need this .
by breaking it down you can point and say uhm do we really need this ?
and the most obvious reason this helps with planning and execution and is therefore rooted in reality .
this is obviously not a perfect litmus test for over-engineering but it could be a starting point for forming an opinion .
over-engineering can often result from a lack of understanding of business reality .
so the small finger of the clock point to 3 to represent her .
a slip on the ice a horrible ankle fracture permanent limp .
it was so good that i saved it in my amv videos play list noice man and i also shared it to my friends who watches one piece
i understand an outsider might see his comments as rude but you have to consider what he 's feeling right now .
lots of these comments probably are n't helpful to him specifically but he 's just looking for something that can help him .
wow you 're doubling down on being dumb aint 'ya ?
enjoy your sad little life where a locked door makes you sad .
imo ... marriage licenses should be like drivers license and renew every 4 years 1 .
people will try harder knowing their spouse could just leave them in a few years
are you passing each usb device individually or the whole usb controller ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen if you have any questions or concerns .
next step is the cable management but otherwise it looks really good
i 'm black and i 've never cared too much about how many minority of black characters there are in the games i play or the movies or tv shows i watch .
i never needed that type of validation about myself .
seeing it now in modern day media is often times agitating to say the least .
when it 's done naturally i do n't really have a problem with it .
also race swapping and gender swapping already well established characters is not the answer it 's one sided and can be hit or miss anyway .
yeah he 's a streamer and depending on person they 'll say he 's toxic .
i do n't watch him but i know parts of his fandom is very toxic and some other part are like crazy for him and will do everything he says so it 's a mishmash of things
people here will love you just as they love the naked jar head dude .
but if all you have to show us is this bitterness of yours then all you can get is a couple hundred downvotes .
dude i 've said it before and i 'll say it again
when it comes to drifting in nfs heat you 're the best .
squatting liberty makes me imagine this heroic figure taking a poo in the woods
i 've been a grey daze fan since 2009 if the band still has unreleased tracks then i think its fair enough for them to put them out
however i feel this cover was the wrong choice makes it seems like a memorial album or something and it makes it all about chester which its not
if it is a private institutions then there 's no question about it .
if it 's a public institution then unless you can prove that non-allowance of lift is a violation of your fundamental rights you ca n't compel them to allow you .
it 's never been successfully challenged in any indian court .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanschicks if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's no reason to think consciousness requires explanation at the quantum level as opposed to relatively macroscopic configurations of networks of neurons and other structures that interact with neurons .
mortgage rates are rising and fed will likely raise rates .
higher interest reduces of people who are willing to pay lower demand .
it feels like real estate is at the limit where sellers can get max price before going down .
i know your baby is in heaven playing with others that have crossed the rainbow bridge .
regarding the idiots comment made to you be grateful for these as they identify those that do not need to contribute to the gene pool .
i hate to be the one but that is a royal guards claymore .
i have plenty awesome ukrainian stickers on my website !
so i 'm kind of conflicted as to what to pick .
altria mordred my only ssr aoe saber is proto arthur who does n't seem that great .
for srs i 've got suzuka gozen nero and siegfried .
enkidu i hear he 's good in boss fights cqs .
ozymandias the ability to make chance-based abilities proc more often is appealing and teamwide np charge is always useful .
i 've got illya and it looks to me like there 's a good deal of overlap in their roles but i could be missing something .
i 've reported this on the phone to microsoft several times and they 've told me the hacking is intentional .
the scout can literally out-range other units in vision .
this is a unit that outruns out-visions and has now been uber buffed to have double attack speed .
because with florida you are in the state of florida ... .
my favourite part of playing ranked is when 2 minutes into the game your jungler speaks the mighty words ‘gg you lose this game '
talk to an orthodox priest do your research and pray for guidance .
the deeper i get into the mod the more questions i have .
i 'd be printing in pla and probably 40-50infil .
i also would apply some silicone to the ram .
i have a turf spring right now and do n't want to just shatter it first shot .
they also offer pre-rolls hash melt and other stuff they blend with high cbd so worth a shot arte
edit ocoee botanicals buddha 's hand foxhole hemp got a few strains
as long as she does n't have to be reliant on me for money and she 's keeping her clothes on i do n't really care what her job is .
you should post more if you have more to share !
also take a look at https www.levels.fyi to get an insight into the software engineering industry pay
when i 'm manic i start believing that the world is n't real
believe me almost is the operative word here because it 's too good .
not sure how i 'll make contact with good friends like that anytime soon .
moved to georgia about 6 months ago and have n't had much social interaction other than family and people far older than me .
tried interacting with people at the high school i was going to but did n't work out .
i pretty much am a recluse now and spend my time looking for a job and doing product photography for my parents company while listening to slipknot 🤷‍♂️
i may have had a little bit of happy juice it 's been a rough week so take this for what you will but it makes my heart so happy that both of you are using gender neutral pronouns for sasquatch .
there 's something so 2022 about that and i 'm here for it .
what i want the most is to hurt him as little as possible and i think a straightforward breakup like this would n't be such a bad idea .
weil dann wird dieses uns geht 's zwar scheise aber wenigstens haben wir unsere jungs die machen das schon '' komplett in sich zusammen fallen .
yeah you 're right i 'm not hating just marveling at the sheer thought of it .
i also have this fear of eventually moving gon na have to drive them over in my car separately back and forth
the subject is the first one in the pronouns set and for me to apply it to myself it has to be different than the rest of the set .
this is true but the issue there is you lose hdr/dolby vision content with match dynamic range off .
the flicker also will go away with match frame rate off but it leads to a jerky picture by forcing 24 fps material to 60 fps .
if you manually change it to 4k 24 fps the flicker comes right back .
results seem to very here person to person but overall seems to me at some point some update in the past the atv lost the ability to play 24 fps correctly without flicker .
so after weeks of playing with it i choose the flicker .
its less annoying then 60 fps and less annoying then losing hdr/dolby vision .
its still mind blowing to me they have n't fixed it yet and its got ta be possible because it worked fine for years .
i think they are wanting an argument to present to people who ask why should i vote for labor over the greens ?
i 'm going to run a solo campaign for my wife who is a single-player and new to ttrpg 's so i created some npc 's for her party '' .
i also have a playgroup of 5 friends plus one more interested spouse that we 're going to run a 2nd campaign for starting april 23rd .
i 'm new to gming but have played a decent amount of dnd in the past .
this specific content is really lore-friendly and i love it .
i purchased the core book and the feretory zine so i 'm not opposed to dropping some coin to support amazing content creators i just do n't want to go too balls deep before even running my first campaign .
i 'm going to rock rotblack sludge for both campaigns to start and see how it goes from there .
but i love stuff like this because it 's great to keep in your back-pocket as a gm .
ive been tweaking since momday so its hard to tell
i just do n't get how people do n't understand why it 's so important when it 's the first year you can do stuff thats considered adult legally .
i know that what i said is assholish i 'm asking if i 'm the ah for not caring about the birthday
fight club i had no choice but to say goodbye to my imaginary friend .
not on purpose but i had a league where i drafted what i thought was a strong team and ended up absolutely sucking in year 1 .
i had derrick henry at rb but he was n't quite the player he would become later and my other rbs were terrible but i was stacked at wr .
the bad year let me get jacobs in the rookie draft and that combined with henry becoming a monster has lead me to 2 championships and a 2nd place finish in the 3 following years .
so yea it 's not all doom and gloom if the first year does n't work out .
last time i saw him he tried to slit my throat .
he had been stalking friends from college years after dropping out in a remote town in the mountains .
i found him under an overpass sitting with his feet in a running stream of sleet water .
he would have killed me if his feet had n't been frost bitten .
i know there 's nothing i can tell you and if i get on any of your levels and argue you 're going to beat me at your game .
it is a stupid game and no one who plays wins .
if you think things are fucked become a success and change things .
take your own power and navigate to it with respect and you 'll keep your soul .
please believe all of you that there is a better way .
these posts about the hands particularly concern me because it 's so blatantly dumb .
i find those two fingers working in conjunction often times they practically the same finger when operating tools .
your pinky and pointer finger complete more detailed tasks .
the two middle fingers are just like a claw in a toy machine they operate pretty much just one set of simple brute force tasks and do it together almost always so they sit together .
is the person with their hand on their hip in that fashion in the tucking illuminati or are you getting spun on bs ?
you 're making a conspiracy out of human anatomy now .
so yeah i guess that 's my fav ... wandering swordsman type
is this malta the country or malta the shitty town in southern ohio ?
usually these are fade spots for me so does n't really work .
it was an accident as she did n't know the bullet could kill at a close range
yes i will wait the most i can wait to see my boyfriend .
he was lucky because we saw each other when i had the first symptoms but he has been testing negative so far .
oh sorry i glanced at them but did n't see the price .
thank you for pointing it out for me 😉 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/celebhub if you have any questions or concerns .
watching a video on manually leveling a bed also called tramming .
these screws are meant to raise and lower corners of the bed you are n't supposed to have them fully tightened down or completely loose they all have an exact place .
let 's chat i 'm happy to help you pass the day .
also whats the difference between black transparent feedback and the omni plasm ?
no one is trying to add this word to spanish .
yea i 'm also wondering how that 's many panels is being fed into the transfer switch to other only your 20 amp breaker ?
that 's system controller bus bar is only rated for 80 amps pv .
i was looking at non op install story my bad .
but also i got no breaker on the load side for the critical loads backup ?
also what size breaker is the transfer switch being fed from because your thhn is not rated for it 's 100 amp breaker i understand that 's the low rating it will allow
watching cuckold porn is one thing but being emasculated is entirely different .
i 'm a bull and have ploughed plenty of wives and i 've seen that look of pure heart break in the eyes of the cuck when reality hits .
if you 're feeling like this now it 's never going to feel right if it happens again .
tell her how you feel and if she ca n't accept that you 're not into the cuck life walk away
you 'd think after seeing that about half of your comments get downvoted to oblivion that you might step back and reassess your views .
i fractured my scapula doing 10mph in full gear on a 300. shit happens .
it is entirely dependant on the job/company you work for .
for example i work in a supermarket and i 'm currently home from university whereas my housemate works in a local restaurant is n't because my job allows to transfer between stores whenever i want to do my hours whereas with her job she ca n't do that so her family has gone up to see her instead .
but assuming you want to go home at christmas or something most places of work wo n't let you book that time off or at least they do n't where i work due to how busy it it so you would most likely be able to go home just not for very long .
honestly unless you 're a standout candidate most jobs would rather hire a non-student as they can likely commit more time to the business and be more available than a university student would be .
i 'm lucky i got job whilst i was at home because a lot of places generally do n't want to hire students .
ok this is just a plot bunny running around in my head and i lack the creativity to execute it .
so to all my fellow dragonball fans that can write .
or if from the wish with shenron that broly gets sent to winslow and helps taylor out of the locker becoming her big buff friend ?
i think both have a lot of interesting points for a one shot or a full story .
but just imagine that an au where taylor 's mom actually is quarrel before she became the butcher .
hence why she is n't around anymore is because she was sent to the bird cage .
i miss the old starbucks too but going to a local coffee shop is great cuz you 'll be getting that feeling and supporting local business .
also their drinks and food items are usually better in my opinion ...
there are lots of cherry trees in my area so people obviously picked low hanging fruit .
wildlife could n't eat all of that and people picking them meant less rotten fruit on the ground
the council chopped off all low hanging branches so no one could pick any fruit a year after .
gay podcaster nick mullen spending his birthday alone in his windowless chinatown appartment .
smuckers is one of tyler 's best songs and i will die on this hill
a lot of people are trying to make up convoluted arguments about owning a part or a whole or some bullshit .
the reality is their research dept pegged it at 30 and an md in another division ib pegged it higher .
the real answer is companies are not borg singularities different people have different incentives and opinions yes it 's stupid but that 's the reason for the contradiction .
click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=updatemebot subject=subscribe message=subscribeme 20u 2fstorms_wrath 20r 2fhfy to subscribe to u/storms_wrath and receive a message every time they post .
you did a lot better than i have been able to acomplish
also interesting that he posted 6 hours ago about the qualcomm stellantis deal and said they continue to find success in the leading edge technology and customer focused solutions..👀
we 're four episodes into a show called halo and have n't seen halo once .
we also have n't had an action scene since episode 1 there 's so many subplots that there is n't room in each episode for all the subplots and i 'm sick of kwan .
you watched your entire outpost get slaughtered by aliens and your concern is still some rebellion .
the coin flip was nice the audio cues when halo was mentioned the deciphering the sangheili language and honestly everything between the spartans and keyes was enjoyable .
but holy shit where 's the action where 's the covenant .
everyone out here worrying about being maidenless while we 're worried about you being brainless .
yes i was like can you guys not right now
palmari looks like the only guy sat at the bar at a chili 's at 1pm on a wednesday .
i 've never heard that there are n't any kooks in california but i live in texas .
commiefornia '' is apparently our single greatest threat next to all of the other thousand single greatest threats .
i would n't pursue a relationship with mary until she grows up some .
it 's just centinela state penitentiary nothing but a blemish on the valley 's map only to be obnoxiously visible at night .
source i 'm an el centrolite el centroan lived in ec since birth
like i said most patches will likely be number tweaks .
the biggest gripe about this game for literal years is how infrequent balance updates are not even considering nerfs .
i think we 're just gon na need to agree to disagree on this point since you see something i see as a good thing as a bad thing .
started with same exact thing in the early/mid 90 's .
just watch the barrel mine was pretty well shot out .
a god who created the universe and everything in it and loves humans but still created hell .
he then sends people who do n't follow his rules there .
he made heaven and earth but he ca n't make one more place that is n't based on torturing his children for all eternity ?
to me it sounds a lot more like a story designed to get people to do what you want them to do rather than to inform you of an all loving creator .
master 's property '' a waste '' disappointments '' 24/7 use '' we are nothings '' harder '' dumb whores '' and rape sluts ''
why not just like look at other tables and see how they 're built ?
does your friend live in a place with no tables ?
he had house of gucci being a monster winning best picture but did n't have gaga nominated .
i actually feel ill every time this team misses an open 3
taking into account production and the whole life cycle down to raw materials evs are better for the environment than ice .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
😂 not sure if thats me pal i have n't played in weeks .
quite a few years ago in order of possesion i named my male beta fish tanma and my female beta fish guuko dunno it just fit them well .
it hurts a lot the first time if hymen is not already broken and you bleed a lot .
i literally thought i would never have sex again if this is what it feels like .
now i love sex especially with the one i love .
and as cliche as it sounds voice your needs .
do n't be embarrassed your partner should appreciate and understand your needs .
one thing i think needs to be said your junior admin has no idea how to learn .
as one of his co-workers/bosses you are doing your best .
get a box of cheap pens as your company should provide them .
i always found it best to keep your personal stuff on your body at all times .
ask him to come meet with you and to bring a pad and writing utensil .
please note that he may come unprepared so make sure you make him go and get it after he arrives at your desk without it .
as you do that make him write down each step and review what he wrote .
once you are done tell him he must submit it to you in a simple no formatted document that just has a line space between each step along with his notes and review it .
documenting your process which you should be doing anyway 2 .
he has a go to document that he can refer to .
your job as a supervisor is to figure out how to work with your staff .
i would give him no more than 1 month after doing this .
at that point he has not only written the documentation down he 's typed it out so there 's no reason for mistakes .
and you now have a working document for his replacement if you have to go that route .
that is one solution but i do find myself using it fairly often .
if i can keep it i would prefer to .
what 's the difference between a wasp and a hornet ?
i think language might be a part of it because in uk hornets as massive things compared to wasps and i was always a lot more scared of them i could n't imagine doing this .
they are n't hard to steal from if i recall .
that 's good let 's revisit that at our next session . ''
'' but you 're me and i 'm you .
and yet i 'm cutting you off because our session is out of time .
we should discuss this self imposed limitation at our next meeting . ''
ugh that honestly sounds like something my dad would have said too .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
did you go far enough to take that u turn before academy rd
omg mr redatorian imagine if the roles were reversed !
it gives me the chills and goosebumps just thinking about it ! ! ! !
if his girlfriend hits him lightly to get away from the fridge imagine if he did that to her !
we appreciate your support and will continue to work towards making our sub a friendly uplifting environment for everyone whether they are new to bbig or a lifer .
i 'm so mad about the body cam being turned off .
at the press conference the police chief said the switch-off button which must be held down for 3 consecutive seconds was bumped a few times during the scuffle but then was held down for the requisite 3 seconds .
there 's room for reasonable doubt but that certainly seems like an intentional decision .
u/pumpty_dumpty 0/2 made a bet that twtr would go to 43.0 when it was 47.01 and it did not so they were banned for a week .
there is more accumulating debt every year which forces a positive growth every year .
the growth is n't used to offset the debt which is why the national debt is growing so much wrt us .
ever notice how many times the us adjusts '' its numbers after predictions '' ?
problem is ... living gets continuously more expensive for typical citizens and eventually spreads into the middle class destroying it .
when i got with her she was supposedly single and was almost a dream come true too good to be true .
she talked to me about her ex and eventually i put two and two together and i realize now that she probably never was single .
is there anyone within your organization i.e ahl coach that could take the reigns or would you think the answer would have to be found in the offseason ?
remember your at the constant mercy and in consistent danger because of the highway designed soley for people to race their overpriced several hundred lbs death machine .
making a proper build with it can become incredibly powerful .
how do you guys feel about the organization basically minimizing the potential of both farve and rodgers ?
i mean you guys are consistently good and up there with the steelers as one of the best historically but 2 rings for 20 years of hof quarterback play seems a bit off .
this is the only take i took kinda seriously from colin cowherd other than this i usually go against what he says because he 's owned by vegas being against his picks usually helps .
the a reason he loves '' underdogs so much they gon lose about 80 of the time .
was going to build a deck from teamsamuraix1 's video but i saw a post saying they 're mostly click bait
it 's fine as long as you know that the title is just a title and you pay attention to what 's being shown in the actual video .
i 'm not saying he 's a good person to watch for guides just to pay attention to the content of the video rather than paying attention to how many exclamation marks he has in his titles and thumbnails .
i 've heard dkayed i think that 's the spelling ?
i do n't really watch yugitubers except the three idiots™ .
it 's one of those words that takes a wee bit of enunciating .
we do n't correct them or anything like that just the way it is .
funny you brought that up very interesting thing that my workmates and i notice but do n't ever discuss .
the jackie robinson day dodger game being locked to fucking apple tv is such a murica moment
also i did n't understand what kind of shit are you trying to swallow here .
i found synth art dead by a mirelurk nest .
i was a bit sad that i missed that random encounter this time around but i hope human art survived with a story about how mirelurks saved him from the institute
hey i 'll take freaky '' over horror '' any day .
i love when people who act nothing like jesus wear wwjd bracelets .
they were at a dead stop with cold boilers .
the time it would take to get the boilers heated up would have taken so long that titanic would have been on the ocean floor by the time they got going .
i get to pup sit for the weekend so we 'll be playing plenty of games over the weekend .
and some online services to store/restore/track it on remote else local .git is also there as long as the hard drive is there .
if you think this post is funny upvote this comment !
if you think this post is unfunny downvote this comment !
kevin would also like to remind you that if you 're really desperate youtube-dl can be used to download videos from reddit .
whilst you 're here arbitrarysanity why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/qpbgxd2guu ?
if the first thing you see is anything other that just a run of the mill electricity symbol then i 've got something to tell you ...
i just read sandy hook an american tragedy and the battle for truth they had the author elizabeth williamson on a recent episode and it was absolutely infuriating and heartbreaking .
i did not check the sub and was sooo confused
theres no debate whether hes a bitch or not nor did i say he shouldnt protect himself .
i 've been to places in michigan arizona and new mexico that did n't have internet and had a couple landlines for the entire area .
iba a comentar lo mismo te ayudamos a armar recomendar y compartir tu perfil y posteo .
mucha gente busca trabajo así contas tu situación estudios y eso cortito etiquetas empresas de todo desde it hasta panaderías si querés y recomendamos la publicación .
personally i 'm torn on the issue because while yes these social media platforms are privately owned entities they are also essentially monopolies in the public forum area where we can pretend that there are other alternatives to platforms like insta twitter fb youtube etc .
but really each of these areas have like a single huge platform and such a drastic dropoff to the competitor that it mine as well exist .
in that sense i get why people think that the company should n't be able to dictate general conversation but also they are companies and certain topics scare away sponsors so it 's complex .
it does n't help that one of the suggestions i 've seen includes the government starting to acquire control over these internet platforms but the government is notoriously inefficient so i dont like that either xd
i began transitioning from noble backgrounds into cultists at around day 65 .
at around day 90 i finally have my first sacrifice event .
so i think the number of cultists in your group is a trigger for these events too .
i 'm american and i have to be pretty pixelated to start a conversation with a stranger
i 've read on this subreddit that m3s and m4s take notes on their patients themselves on an ipad mini .
is that actually practical or is a good ol piece of paper better for that ?
go early and hit some of the bars here the stadium .
i go by myself sometimes and always have a great time
apparently only a few managed to break through the entire encirclement .
gon na wipe my tears away with million dollar bills .
i hope corncob tv does n't show up to the funeral
why do n't you confess your sins and ask forgiveness directly to god .
was csm graham a tall deep voiced black guy ? ?
if so i just finished working with him and he ca n't even remember his own email address for work .
i have learned the extremely difficult way that it is not plug-and-play .
all i wanted was to be able to use a vpn on my home network and to use wireguard to get in and to just enhance the shit out of the privacy of my home network .
not get lost in the sauce of some bs .
edit it would be helpful if their guide was more than a simple quick start guide '' also and they had a step-by-step or something
happens to me a lot but when i refresh it goes back to normal for me
then you go on to edit and say that you would uber but your girlfriend wo n't let you sync her cards to your uber account '' .
i 'm 22 ... and little boy you need to go back to your parent 's house .
i found the owl more challenging since he kept blasting me into a wall every 3 seconds
i do n't know the home crowd gets trae lit too .
i did n't realize this until i did a consecutive rewatch but the vibe changes from season 6 to 7 when bethenny is back .
it 's darker chaotic and just not lighthearted/meaningful like it was in earlier seasons .
were done in a way where the viewer took something away from it or appreciated the story avicas accident carole and dorindas trip even those seemed lighter compared to bethenny 's issues that she bringing to the show .
they were fair weather fans who attached themselves to brett favre and if i could create an evil dystopian caste system in this country they would be the lowest of the low
check your fuel pump relay or the wiring at it .
i had a 96 explorer and every now and then the fuel pump would n't kick in i had a bad relay
i 've been trying to date these and figure out where they 're from .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
please note if you are trying to transcribe on reddit mobile you will not be able to copy/paste this footer .
please switch to your mobile browser and copy the footer to a note file on your device .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
and then we see bella as a valk eating ice cream with hov kiana .
store did this if they are reported to the arizona company they 'll have their contract terminated for not selling at 99cents
or is this something under the so good it 's insane '' category ?
if you can choose to sexually engage with people of your own gender you 're gay .
a straight person would be completely averse to '' gaying '' it up on a capricious whim .
we all know kim called her when she saw this .
the connection between monetary supply and inflation is not as direct and obvious as you seem to think .
it would have been way worse than 5 inflation .
imagine everyone waiting around not buying anything anticipating prices to drop further .
the government 's level of debt does not directly correlate to debt either or donald trump 's administration 's first 3 years would have caused monstrous inflation in the us .
monetary policy is not the only determinant of inflation .
there 's geopolitics pandemics massive supply disruptions war food energy sanctions energy continent level droughts and heat waves food .
we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
i see one in riverside for 10k and one in orange for 13k .
it is my opinion that the earth is flat .
my opinion may not be right or wrong but i can be wrong for having that opinion .
btw the above statements are only opinions and are thus neither right nor wrong .
is n't that going to stick to that plastic wrap even if it will put it in the freezer
then the state of china would completely control the us house of representatives and have as much influence in the senate as montana .
oh and they 'd have the electoral votes to pick the president with only the state of china voting for that candidate against the other 50 .
was n't recent but it took me way too many years to realize that the cat in the hat is in fact a cat
i have gotten so used to just doing that seeing it bugs the bejeesus outta me .
i 'm purple and veiny and omg was that a 1mm hip shift ?
i am gon na walk my squats forwards instead of the correct backward .
i 'm not in the mood to form check every rep of a 20 rep set .
he did steal kane and the undertaker 's magic powers at one point .
the bottom left corner is wow does anyone know if it was possibly just some intrinsic native ?
as of today it appears allie is now following 1 person on instagram .
a person who does culture cultivation workshops to help people who lead teams .
i have a feeling that she did n't mean to follow this person with her business account ... who knows .
interesting to hypothesize what this connection is all about given the murmur on this thread about the unfortunate breakdown that occurred within allie 's team .
you are clearly seeking our attention while maintaining your anonymity and trying to push buttons screams bitterness .
you need training luke skywalker the chosen one 's son could barely lift an object the weight of maybe one of these rocks after 3 years .
you need years of training talent without training is nothing ''
my job rarely requires me to connect with anyone in person .
nobody from my team was there when i was there .
axew is not a raid boss and has never been one so far .
the way that you vehemently defend this fool of a president is laughable .
he spoke much better as vp and years prior .
if he attacked earlier may have a different outcome .
well i started off with using the 0.025 of tret sometime around august of last year .
so i used that for about 3 months and was n't seeing results as fast as i would 've liked to so i skipped straight on into using the 0.1 so yes i 'm using the highest dosage right now .
i guess i should just be more patient since i have been using the strongest dosage for only about 5 months i i counted wrong before because i realized we are now in april but i do see slow progression it 's just triggering for me when i see a new pimple form after an area of my face i thought was finally clearing up starts to look splotchy .
but i 'll take your advice and just be patient .
i am however using the cream every single night before bed and i 've been doing that since starting treatment .
do you think it would be helpful to start using tret every other night since it might be causing to much irritation ?
or just continue with what i have been doing since i am still seeing slow results ?
i always hear about this canadian friend of a friend that had to wait months .
it 's been so long that i forgot ... portal 1 is basically a reskin of hl2 right ?
like all the cheats and everything are the same ?
i thought it was going to be easy but i have no experience or knowledge on techniques at all .
danny green played great defense on klay those chasedown blocks won you guys the series .
we did n't have kd either if the fact that kawhi carried your team then dumped your city against an injured warriors team makes you conclude that lowry curry then go ahead .
i just remember being underwater and my dads panicked face .
i do n't remember what happened next or anything for about another year .
russia is a mere 15 years from an economic supernova as its chem-enhanced citizens capable of working 26 hour shifts build roads in a day cities in weeks and walk without the need of protection on the very moon itself .
real talk the best python tool is imo pyenv unless you want say python 2.7 or something similarly antiquated for backwards compatibility testing puroses in which case your best bet is to pull it down in a fucking docker image .
packaging something successfully requires insanely complex full metal alchemist style pentagrams and a blood sacrifice .
i am not interested also in bad faith debating with you so as stated before you won .
my emp was always hand tame would n't pinch sting nothing .
my afs is an absolute psycho lol ca n't even go near it without it bull rushing my hand .
i do n't mind though it has a dope bioactive setup so i enjoy watching it just live as natural of a life as it can in captivity .
even if it means i rarely see it from its burrows haha .
you probably disagreed with wallace on segregation but agreed with him on other things
out of my 14 real meals each week only lunches dinner in a typical week
1-2 refrigerated but prepared meals like raviolis or something in a package
everything else roughly 6-7 meals that i cook from scratch
again since this is so hard for you to comprehend .
he made a general claim about india therefore i made a general claim about america .
as for what he thinks i never once mentioned anything about the law he stated .
i stated from the beginning if you read any of my responses to you that him stating they do n't report rape cases as much in india as they do here is a baseless claim .
infact when he mentioned the law again if you cared to read any of my responses i agreed with him stating that law but laughed at how america is still top 15 in the world even though that is the case
again if there were statistics or reputable sources in which he made that claim alongside i would 've been more open to it .
instead he just said it like it was bro science hence me stating for the 17172827th time now that what he thinks and facts are two different things .
to think or believe that these disparities belong to every country asides from america is laughable .
everything you mentioned applies to every country with any form of rape statistics .
not sure why you 're getting defensive and upset at me acting as if i was the only aggressor here ?
i do n't seem to understand how rape statistics do n't apply to america but only india ?
and how all these disparities and outliers are only applicable to india or any country other than america .
that 's the problem you do n't know i never brought up the whole you do n't know who does n't report rape cases etc first .
that 's why i rebuttals with the very obvious conclusion that it applies to every country not india .
so again unsure as to why you 're acting as if i brought this argument up to only use against america when i stated every single time that it applies to every country .
but thank you for basically re explaining my point .
yes we do n't know yes these disparities apply to every country .
hence why my statistics are more sound than what ifs logically if india 's numbers go up everyone else 's will too .
i 'm really failing to understand how i 'm standing on shaky ground for providing actual statistics but the other guy is fine for providing complete bro science ... ?
imagine two presidential candidates are arguing about unemployment rates .
candidate a provides reputable statistics as to why the unemployment rate in a specific city was extremely low last year .
candidate b then rebuttals with nah bro that city only has low unemployment rates because people are lying or falsely claiming it with absolutely 0 evidence to back his claim .
america only has high rape cases because people lie .
one is a statement brought to you by statistics .
the other is a statement brought to you by a salty american who gets upset at any negativity she 'd onto their country .
i had a dbag cat that clamped down on my hand and arm a few times and never even thought about it .
it broke my skin but i still loved that special asshole .
i 've had my share of both however i do n't really agree with the bad trip ordeal because any trip is in all reality what you yourself make of it trippin will often times show you some shit you are n't exactly comfortable with and is far outside your comfort zone but more often than not it 's showing you how to over come how you think and feel acid and mushrooms is n't a cure all or solve all but sometimes it 's the best tool you can have in your toolbox for the right situation .
the answer is to never want to do it to just get high because that is most definitely not the answer .
i hope those 20 followers tell us what 's going on in there bead lives although probably not much .
glad you decided on what is best for you ... in your gut !
on the bright side think about how much money you 'll be saving !
if you have any vr games i would love a new one to try
yes i 'm looking at it from a rational private property perspective .
they should probably get a job and a home like the other 332,250,000 of us .
there was a glut of houses for sale and rent multiple times throughout the world .
there is still homeless.the us spends 850bln per year on welfare .
state and county housing assistance and welfare is n't included that 's just federal .
sickening how much we spend causing inflation and furthering the problem .
min4ecraft but you can get married and own a farm
i 'm definitely going to have to consider it !
i would love to be closer to claire too !
yea i could never return to vanilla porn after i saw slobberjobbers cumfarters pt.2 .
it 's like jerking off like a pilgrim or a mennonite .
she just doesnt want to deal with the misbehaved kid .
it 's your responsibility as his mother to correct his behaviour not yous sister 's .
her show was famous but do n't know why she did n't get much attention
yo what brand jacket is that at the start looks comfy
forgot to add in that when he is cloaked you can spam vault a pallet and he has to uncloak to destroy it .
pretty useful if you have a wraith with the addons for breaking pallets while cloaked and honestly it is a little annoying too .
so if you end up slamming a pallet out of desperation or fear you can at least salvage some time by doing that .
also just to add on to your loop advice typically wraith will try to uncloak either under the pallet or on the outside of the loop to try to bait you into slamming it the wrong way .
if he uncloaks inside the pallet it is similar to pinhead rules where you should run straight away from the loop to the next one as he will waste his movement speed and if you stay he is almost guaranteed to hit you .
if hes on the outside and its not an unsafe loop you can try to wait for him to commit to a side and pallet slam him or loop around the other side of the loop .
have you played the nioh series or stranger of paradise final fantasy origin ?
they are 3rd person arpgs with great melee combat .
they both have diablo style loot and both have great co-op systems .
can drop it first and then swap characters for the set if that works with you .
i do n't see pms in the app apparently ...
you do realize there are anti air vehicles for a reason like adats rowland etc .
the heli is always superior to the tank without support .
i 'm still predicting mmsd requiring masks for the rest of the school year
chicken sausage and peppers benefit from a dash of vinegar .
this is for my upcoming game project feline https www.projectfeline.com an anime-style parkour adventure .
the graphics are still in development but aiming for a style similar to comix wave films 5 centimeters per second your name .
i 've been making devlogs on youtube https www.youtube.com/channel/ucrexpboevnvnuk0axthqu_q for the last few years documenting the game 's development process from day 1 as a one-man team .
i wan na skip ahead i 'm not gon na lie
i 'm also fully prepared for hypocrisy the great lord literally says nor taketh reward after a full section on what sacrifices redeem what sins depending on how rich you are and then on the next page he waffles on about what sacrifices and tithes he wants
i say this i 'm also not prepared for the spectrum of hypocrisy as i was n't prepared for the above
he said he had it last week he 's feeling better but is still testing positive so just waiting on a negative test .
hopefully he 's not one of the ones who tests positive for a long time .
india can use russian equipment better than russia at least .
that episode is certainly one of the all time greats .
definitely not a fun experience game on millimeters when dealing with next cuts
they should 've thought about the consequences of the disruption of ukraine 's as well as their own grain production on the rest of the world before starting a war of agression on made-up premises !
the world 's still in the grip of the worst pandemic in a century !
it must be fate calling me to my slumber .
take care it 's always nice to see you .
which is weird because i 've heard all my life this is such a blue '' state .
yet i 've seen very few people supporting candidates like bernie with biden and obama usually being the farthest left most people go .
envy painful or resentful awareness of an advantage enjoyed by another joined with a desire to possess the same advantage
to wish you had the same qualities possessions opportunities etc .
please stop making urself look dumb this is really my last response it 's ok to be wrong ... you 're just too arrogant to admit it .
also it 's one thing to post a dictionary definition it 's another to understand it which you 're making a prime example of .
just know that even though you wiser these things play on your mind and it 's all about overcoming what you have gone through .
i pray that you never ever get yourself in such situations anytime in your future and life .
i 'm sure you were violated too by your story .
just know that you have a life ahead of you and we all driven by choices .
there is saying that goes ' doing the right thing is not necessary the right thing to do ' and you can be sincere in your actions and intentions on having fun and being yourself but you can be sincerely wrong .
my advice to you and everyone else reading this whatever situation or place you find yourself in knowing that there is choice to be made always check the risk and count the cost first before you make any choice .
this is the best attitude to have in any given area of your life .
also cheating is out of the question and divorce is too .
i 'm willing to work on this even though it 's super uncomfortable to talk about
ca n't you just let each kid pick their own coloured hanger .
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigass if you have any questions or concerns .
r/onlyfanspetite is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspetite if you have any questions or concerns .
the rest of the intelligent world is sick of people like you ... matter fact people like you make me sicker than the rona did
checks calendar for last decade of who 's been in power
u are an actual sewer rat😂😂😂 go back to ur shithole laker sub
i got lilith to move out herself on the computer
i read this as geralt of rivia which gave the entire comment a whole different meaning .
it makes me happy to see mtg references in other subs .
nothing lmao i just said it 's annoying how every time a team goes on a run half the sub declares the game over and said everyone needs to chill out lmao
no but i would rather have something in my mouth still .
if so would that be a better place to comment .
thanks so much for that in-depth explanation i really appreciated it and feel like i understand the mechanics of the adjustments a lot more .
i completely agree that strike and swing mechanics are certainly my weak link .
i have a 30 minute lesson set up for next week with my local club pro so i hope that this can provide some help with those aspects .
i 'm 6'2 250 with about a 6'5 wingspan so clubspeed and distance are less of a limiting factor compared to my crappy directional control and inconsistent at best swing path .
thank you once again for such an excellent explanation of hosel adjustments .
click here https www.reddit.com/r/teslamotors/comments/t4isha/technical_support_service_support_vehicle for info see our stickied support thread r/teslalounge discord https discord.gg/tesla or official tesla support https www.tesla.com/support or use the service section in the tesla app .
help the mods https www.reddit.com/r/teslamotors/wiki/rules wiki_special_note_from_the_moderators by being respectful and by reporting posts comments which break the rules https www.reddit.com/r/teslamotors/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teslamotors if you have any questions or concerns .
those numbers definitely sound great till you become one of those 11 .
i 'm more confident now and not worrying too much as i did 2 days ago though so i can only hope for the best as this point .
very well said i have 16k capital in stock market i 'll try to invest in 3-4 stocks more yeah everyone suggests me to buy nifty bees more for good long term i 'll exit from other stocks and try to go for long term awl adani power are some short term stocks which i bought will exit when they will be in trend thanks for the tip buddy also do you think rk forging good penny stock to buy for long term ?
second hol up is when you realise chinese is not a language .
bro be honest they are even pulling from cmc just like trust wallet which are known to be unreliable why ?
because the only thing they do is comissioned some vendor devs and some free lance designers and have them build the app while using trustwallet as its framework .
that 's why all the functionality is the same at release and the only thing that does n't work properly is their own calculator which trust wallet does n't have .
dr powers has talked about his cream basically weak t but local application only helping to cover depth in those who have lost it so it may be relevent to any potential ability to stretch/grow beyond baseline .
i 'm not sure if that 's a thing if it is it would be very low and slow because the tissue is n't designed for elasticity the way other genital tissue is .
it 's a lot like pouring out of a pitcher but no cleanup and a smaller spout
a pico highlight and i have no fucking idea what to think .
i 'd smack it hard ... .then pin you down and fill you up balls deep
you should really start charging me rent for all the space i own in your head .
would personally hold onto the 3080ti until i 'd actually secured a 4000 series card and then sell it .
might not get as much back for it then but then i 'm not waiting months or longer on an unpredictable global supply chain .
yeah they generally add red colouring if they do n't use high quality tomatoes
madilyn is a mean girl.. it was clear the moment she went out for drinks with the other girls .
she loves having a bf she can treat badly to make herself feel confident .
she loves that colby is obsessed with her she does n't like him it makes her feel cool .
she can do whatever she wants but colby is a ‘f ing loser ' if he does whatever he wants even after she told him she basically does n't want to be with him .
colby is n't perfect but watching him waste so much time upset over a girl who is not worth it was tough .
her gross personality only made her even more unattractive than she already is .
i did n't understand why he was so hooked on her even though she acts disgusted by him and then i saw how she acted with him when they were alone.. she is fake and leads him on .
oi ho una chiave in più di europa universalis iv da humble bundle che ti interessa ?
yes they go on sale after 6 months at a price of 975 rp for epics and 1350 for legendaries .
had to be up there for best celebrity voice alan rickman .
i mean 4 of your accurate shots went straight through it ...
a mercenary combined arms battalion would work wonders here .
they could call themselves the varangian guard or something .
just dont look too closely where they found the money .
the equipment is ofc top of the line western goods bought from surplus stores .
slightly used but comes with complementary crew if they are willing to change employer .
a noble girl gets ambushed in the forest by bandits then just before she gets raped mc arrives and cuts bandits in half
a reminder if you are seeking resources in your local area please provide that in the post so that users can share appropriate links and phone numbers .
if you are in distress please call 9-1-1 or your local emergency number .
if you are having suicidal thoughts please click here for a list of crisis support services .
http www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html if you are seeking therapy online please click here for a list of counselling services .
https thelifelinecanada.ca/pattern-interrupt/ecounselling if you feel well enough to do so please do your part to enrich this community .
now that you have posted please leave a constructive helpful comment on someone else 's post .
filter by new to find posts with zero comments .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mentalhealth if you have any questions or concerns .
because it explains his relationship with bakugo and his infatuation with heroes and serves as a parallel with tomura .
i hate reviewers like that who just say something bad just because it 's not the most groundbreaking thing in the world lmao not everything is meant to be revolutionary but that does n't make it bad .
given how k allows the modification of allotted power i 'd assume not though i have n't bothered with overclocking an intel as i 've only got a low-end ryzen and original fan
you really really should n't host a http app publicly .
depending on your backend framework there is a way to enable cors but you 'll have to figure that one out yourself
for flask for expample i 'd search cors flask .
but i 'd urge you to take a look at https before publishing something
he actually intro 's it by saying raise your hand if you 've ever had a boyfriend .
to boyfriends everywhere ... .fuck you. and then he sang .
i wonder what she was tipped for moving furniture 🤔 and whethet it covered hospital and rehabilitation when she gets injured ? 🤔
none of the prequel or old republic era stuff did anything for you ?
thrown out by the elderly mom of the other middle-aged op who she caught eating his wife 's bootyhole ?
please go back and read my previous comments i 'm done responding and i 've already made my points very clear .
could be a hidden object/object collection or unapplied/different modifiers .
another commonly cause is usage of specific nodes in the compositor like glare etc .
was n't a good move from tex but jeez nank bad look .
you are the bitch crying about assure you descent to be manly
building wide is building up many places at once conquering a lot having a wide empire but doing so usually limits how much you can develop individual areas .
building tall then is not spreading out over a large land area but rather just making a small area much stronger and more developed .
i make everything imperfect in mine just to trigger my factory friends
do you think companies colluded to raise the prices ?
the prices rise in response to the market conditions .
companies would otherwise undercut each other in a bid to take more market share .
i 've been on the internet since the 80 's and only come across edited to add here on reddit .
i worked it out from context but it 's meant estimated time of arrival for most of a century if not longer .
the second we see a single missile leave a silo moscow is turned into a glowing crater .
putin may be mad but the one thing he loves is power .
he knows that you ca n't rule over a country if the country is a radioactive wasteland .
this is posturing by russia and if you do n't think it is .
look at all the other dumbass threats they 've made .
there are already tens of thousands of russian troops in finland .
they are making nice fertilizer 6 feet under on the finnish border .
i would care except only a free pro lifers have actually bothered to answer shocking !
if op had an issue with the lack of pro life replies then they can tell me
we traded cj too late we were never going to get the most return for him unless we traded him years earlier .
people who used to rent their casita to long term tenants now rent short term for three times as much .
i can pm the username but i was not aware of legacyhd
topografie is de studie van de beschrijving van kenmerken van plaatsen en gebieden .
tot de topografie behoort ook de studie van de ligging en de namen van plaatsen wateren bergen streken landen en andere geografische vormen .
op she does n't want to let you down .
try not to take it personally what you do and say and how is perceived by others never exactly align particularly when you 're dealing with children .
try to view all of these moments with compassion .
for this war they have had to pull men from the borders of georgia china azerbaijan etc .
when that happens russia is going to have that long border militarized .
on top of all that russia is going through major population decline .
randomly after 48 hours i will give 1 of the coats of arms .
you need to subscribe to my instagram https instagram.com/kfrootz and like the last post .
there is just too much risk to it and the consequences of it not working out are way worse than the benefits i might get from being married .
given the statistics show that it is n't very likely that my marriage would work i just ca n't put myself in that position .
immer einen schritt näher während du zurück weichst bis drin rücken die kalte wand berührt und du nirgendwo mehr hin kannst .
dann würde ich ganz dicht vor dir stehen und du würdest meinen atem spüren .
meine eine hand würde dich fester gegen die wand drücken während die andere über deinen hals wandert über deine brüste bis hinunter zwischen deine beine .
dann würdest meinen mund nah an deinem ohr spüren .
na bereust du es schon hier her gekommen zu sein ?
also i hate my pops wanting to revolt anytime i do anything i think that might just be a wip thing tho
i do n't really play br much and usually get under 5 kills .
harry enfield deliberately stopped doing loadsamoney because people were seeing it as almost aspirational and not satire .
i like to think of feynman as the regular people 's scientist much like bill nye .
they had the ability to make ordinary people aware of science and its implications .
also i consider nickolas tesla to be a part of this list .
i wish there would be some highlights but the pull of these 1998 cards was quite disappointing ... of what maybe useful there was penguin brave two barrier statues although not barrier statue of the heaven the one that i could have used in my light machine deck and a kaiser colosseum .
you do n't have any source for your claim about the constitution of 1924 .
1925 report for reform in the east '' measures are taken by the government against a seperatist revolt in 1925 .
those measures are not part of the constitution of 1924 .
never had a lenovo before but it is ridiculous how many updates just tend to mess up this device .
first the nvidia driver updates and now a bios update through lenovo themselves .
lol i was like umm sir we need more specifics
tu as un regard percutant '' ... .. une bouche si bien dessinée qu'on a immédiatement envie de t'embrasser ... !
at this time we are redirecting any post regarding venting needing support worries and fixations about your symptoms to this megathread
the refs know kyrie exists right they are just ignoring his fouling ass
death is not as scary as it is knowing that everything we perceive is a accident that came from nothing .
your networth values loved ones ... ..that is the scary part .
to know that if science is correct all those 1/10000000 chances for everything in this earth to be what needed to be in order for us to happen .
the definition depending on who you ask will slightly differ but mainly someone who is relatively fit but they have a bit of a gut are soft around the edges .
nah u should definitely be able to solo carry if you ca n't you 're just bad at the game '' absolute bullshit .
that is like telling tanqr that he is n't good enough just because 5 people who are like 90 as good as him team up on him .
it does suck but just get better '' another bullshit argument .
lets say theoretically a computer was playing and it had 100 shooting accuracy but the computer is still losing because its ganged teamed up on .
its limited by the game 's garbage 5 hour pull out time .
do you want to be with a compromised human ?
i can confirm the bluetooth issues that were pervasive with the mac mini do not exist here .
i 've been able to use my airpods max mx master 3 and mx master keys without any significant issues .
had to do a double-take about which cheeks that she was talking about
but are u sure u do n't even wan na give it a try ?
when you can get them get them they 're so comfy cozy and cute
tbh i think both would be a great choice .
i current senior have learned that undergrad choice does n't matter that much at least not for the reasons i was worried about in high school .
both schools are big 10 land grants huge public universities .
this will come with a similar set of perks alumni networks lots of niche interest groups on campus resources and maybe some disadvantages too .
as others said money is a good thing to keep in mind .
also whichever is closer to the area you 'd like to end up .
psu has a lots of philly/pittsburgh connections i 'd assume the same is true for msu and lansing/detroit .
are we really that upset that a guy into make up is more successful than us ?
araujo handled vinicius pretty well so i do n't think he was overwhelmed .
i would have played dest over mingueza even if it was for the first half to score a few goals .
if you do n't think frenkie provides much more than gavi then i do n't know what to say .
this is probably frenkie 's best seasons tf are you on .
he is ball carrier who can utilize both busi and pedri 's passing ability .
actual measure units may be irrelevant here could just be a scale value
a 17-12 shootout with a td scored because the qb completely botched a play leading to a fumble run-back ?
that destroys the point of claiming that the offenses suck ?
i will probably be downvoted to hell especially saying this on a male dominated subreddit but in my opinion you ca n't compare fgm to circumsicion .
fgm is a lot more drastic than circumsion and fgm can bring a lot more health issues especially when they remove the labias or sew them together .
there are way higher risks of infection as well and can brings a lot of long term issues even deadly ones .
also even if a man gets his foreskin removed he can still experience a lot of sexual pleasure and it does n't affect his sexual desire .
women with fgm may suffer from decreased sexual desire suffer from pain during sex and her sexual pleasure is greatly affected .
unlike circumsized men women can experience pain later on psychological issues concerning her genitalia etc .
honestly if circumsicion was as bad as fgm the practice would have stopped a long time ago .
this is n't new at least make your own bad meme to bait with lol
those videos of israel v palestine all have zero context
there is really not enough scrutinization around men with cnc kinks .
men who get off on the idea of raping or assaulting their partners are red flags full stop .
he has already shown you he will cross your boundaries and choke you into unconsciousness which is already sexual assault you think he 's not going to cross your boundaries again to fulfill his violent fantasies ?
let 's stop calling those desires kinks and call them what they really are it 's a man trying to get as close as he can to having the experience of raping someone without technically doing anything wrong .
he 's already began testing you and he 100 is calculating his moves to try and see what exactly he can get away with .
i would get out now rather than later before things escalate .
do n't allow for an argument if you feel unsafe do whatever is needed to leave and do n't feel bad for doing what 's right for you .
i use the mobile charger that came with my car pretty much daily on a 240v 30a circuit 24a to the car to be safe .
that 's more than sufficient to replenish my driving on a daily basis .
the added expense of the 500 60a tesla wall charger plus install costs wo n't be much of a benefit for me .
yes faster but my car sits a minimum of 8hrs minimum at night anyway so i can easily recoup 180 miles overnight just off the mobile charger at 24a .
personally i 'd just buy the mobile connector if it does n't come with the car especially if it really gets reduced to 200 as elon tweeted plus an appropriate outlet adapter for whatever outlet you have available beyond a standard 120v household outlet .
there are other companies that make ev chargers but the tesla one works best for tesla cars imho no adapter required button to open the charge port etc..
i have a 16a clipper creek i used for my chevy volt replaced by the tesla m3lr which i think was around 350 .
the tesla mobile charger is less and can provide more power .
the kai opening was n't particularly good quality and a show like that would n't be particularly expensive .
of course it would be more expensive than kai that was mostly remastered dbz but it would n't be more expensive than toriko and they kept that going for a while with pretty bad market results .
ah that 's what she means i get it now .
what makes her go so hard for godwyn 's corpse then ?
there is like no apparent reason for her to suddenly axe d and then want to go sleep with rotting fishboy
mine buddy had a nickname satan people in finland would have some negative reactions if they would hear something like that ?
wait ... are you claiming that i 'm a shill bot ?
does your caretaker know you 're on the internet again ?
just knock him out and be done with it .
well they can it 's a lot of high hurdles to climb however the supposition that they 've surrendered their own power and fallen into the perpetual victim mentality points towards them not being capable of doing so nor a want to .
if anything this points towards educating people to not be preoccupied with obstacles reality is n't fair the price is n't entirely up to you your one small factor in a mind bogglingly large equation you get to choose whether to pay it or not your attempt is the only thing in your power and no one can take that from you .
yea i just experienced the blulato rosin so ca n't speak on the flower .
this just seems pointless even people who are n't deaf can barely make out the words he saying .
i think its a normal situation look at my post https old.reddit.com/r/seduction/comments/u4i9x7/completely_lost
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
they were throwing them at civilian vehicles not riot police or an occupying force '' ...
it 's not a theory philip is the emperor it 's been confirmed in the series .
philip is being consumed by the glyphs on his body and has to consume the magic from palismen to keep the decay at bay .
after a few hundred years of consuming palismen magic the trees used for the wood to carve palismen are in decline too .
oh look the celtics can play physical and the raptors ca n't touch embiid
i mean people being able to just pay for weapons is annoying and ads can interrupt some fights sometimes
our two cy young candidates are the weak spot lmao .
funky i 've never heard of that before cool but also yea asshole design
i have also a question maybe the answer is obvious for some but not very clear to me .
q assuming ua is wining the south will they go to crimea as well ?
its obviously ukraine teritory however russia says its annexed .
wo n't they see this as an atack on their land ?
most of the free bundles i get now are the retro games so it might be that
i think which is the lesser evil depends on the season .
derrick white is the worst player in this game by far
the video combined with the song gives either outrun/synthwave or cyberwave
i once had a zombie apocalypse dream where i actually got bitten and became a zombie .
i was dreaming about biting someone when i got woken up by my screaming wife because i was biting her on the back .
i was like oh my god i 'm so sorry i thought i was a zombie . ''
we still joke about it from time to time .
friendship with the us and the rest of the west did n't work out too well for the georgians and ukrainians .
if push comes to a shove you are on your own .
and yet eastern europeans are still lining up happy to serve as replaceable skirmishers .
when people ask this guy what martial art he practices this is his answer flippy spinny kicking spinny flippy taekwondo thai chi judo with a twist
yes i have never seen smooth skin on a plus sized person with stretch marks either in real life is it just purposely a low enough quality image to hide it ?
why does he have to burn the quran anyway ?
why does he have to disrupt the society in such a way by burning a holy script of a religion ?
yep we got a creator here ... how can i see more of the collection all together ?
you will be glad to know that your post and this exchange accomplished the very thing you recommend communication .
i read it out loud to my spouse and we had a conversation about the concepts .
it helped to clarify for us that we 're basically on the same page about the issue .
also we agree that you write extremely well for a non-native speaker .
i told my then principal and i was told i would only be allowed 1 day of leave as my mil was local .
i was told that 3 days were only allowed for people who have to travel out of town .
years later we were finally issued an employee handbook in which i learned the truth .
idk how you play clax and simmons together they suck so much at the line
why should we get involved when wealthy countries like the uk france germany and turkey just sit around .
they are killing themselves by buy russian oil every day .
it 's also different for every single person and she may not be affected by it at all .
i 've been on birth control and have had minimal symptoms .
it 's better to ask her if that makes her feel less into sex as it may have absolutely no effect on her .
you sound like you 'd get along with my fiancé .
he does all of that too and just turned 24 .
anyways bowlero is nice my partner and i go a lot for the unlimited bowling nights on wednesdays and we just learned how to play disc golf so we tried bowers park and ol ' colony golf course .
bowers park is nicer for disc golf but some of the baskets are missing .
each hole has a b or c baskets but sometimes one of the baskets will be missing .
if you do ever go to ol ' colony for disc golf i lost a orange/yellow westside disc on the last hole somewhere to the right side .
for nightlife the strip google maps is your best friend is a really common place to wine and dine mostly the wine part .
it 's a college town so lots of college kids getting drunk at the bars down there but pretty good food .
there 's not a whole bunch from what i know as i 've moved here just under 6 months ago .
hurricane creek park is nice for hiking and i think you can fish there too .
there 's bunch of shooting ranges nearby but not sure entirely where .
if you have a dog will may dog park is really nice i go there a lot and have an american bulldog and has the sokol trails to bike or walk on or even ride a horse along on it .
free speech is why i can see your comment though
r/onlyfansrainbowheads is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansrainbowheads if you have any questions or concerns .
stai imponendo i tuoi valori che ritieni superiori su un altro popolo
i am also from europe and only have 3 episodes available even though ep 4-5 were released 3 days ago .
kya kare saiman aaj nhi aaya to uski maa ko
your submission has been removed for violating our community rules https www.reddit.com/r/discordapp/about/rules
rule 6 if you are having an issue with discord 's product or need to contact them for any reason we recommend that you reach out to discord 's support team https dis.gd/contact .
if you have any questions about the removal please contact our mod team here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdiscordapp .
i have a huawei nova 5t from 2019 with full google play and everything .
i hate the emui os though and am considering replacing it with pixelexperience rom but not sure if i 'm bothered with the effort .
kankam şöyleki tam olarak psikolojik değil olay şu vücut sıcaklığında eşit dereceye gelemiyor deri alınınca ve cinsel ilişkiye girince sıcaklık farkından birden ısınınca daha hızlı boşalma oluyor sende bu problem olmuyor olabilir belki de kesilmeseydi daha da yavaş olabilirdi
i 'm really really tired but your comment was hilarious to me .
i do n't really watch porn anymore as i edge on here the same way for hours and read messages .
i 'm turned on as soon as i open this app now with this account .
i 've been on reddit for some time but had no idea all the nsfw subreddits .
i 'm an addicted self pleasuring mess here now 😂
i remember a theory that mars would cross eath orbit and pull on the earth thousands of years ago .
poor luigi just tryna help but then suddenly actual monsters
did the exclusion asshole get eaten by a bear at the beginning ?
i am very intrigued by the end of the episode .
what could ginko have done that made lulu so horrified ?
it looks like they 're trying to make some kind of grand societal statement but i 'm way more interested in the small scale intimate conflict revolving around the emotions of a girl who forgot her close friend .
it feels like i 'm watching 2 completely unrelated show .
one is a cute yuri and the other is a war drama with bears .
there 's the occasional moment when they try to bring them together look this character was there too !
just from the screenshots you posted how is this https imgur.com/a/tatyiuh and this https imgur.com/a/qusz8ee from the same show ?
i agree with that perfectly with calculator and almost perfectly with just common sense but people act like they are completely lost without a calculator for this it 's hilarious .
idk maybe because i 'm asian and this should be a given .
8 million over five years is 1.6 million a year .
but the article says that last year was 2.2 million so that 's significantly above average .
it 's the die chip on the top left side of washington 's hat .
i have found a few similar chips but none as significant as this one .
i mean they tried with mental health workshops so that 's good we 're expected to be above the national average though massively fr which is good ig
forearm soreness is bad news but it 's better than if ryu was just pitching badly .
he 'll probably pitch better when he is fully healthy .
some badass titties right there and yeah natural tits are definitely where its at
for me it 's diplodocus i feel bad since they try to make friends but at the same time i live on a cliff that overlooks the redwoods so i ca n't afford to have myself or my tames pushed off
i 'm guessing you do n't even like him in a romantic sense if he got upset about your kissing another guy ?
okay then first find out the cause if they dont show sings of certain mental illness or emotional damage then they 're good to fight
source https github.com/tybug/osu-reporter v2.7.3 developer https reddit.com/u/tybug2 reply to leave feedback
can someone please add subtitles everyone should know what they were chanting .
you literally proved the dude right with your response .
honestly you are the first or maybe second person who is remembering khebra in good words ...
i 've never not been an atheist so it was n't something that i ever revelead as a conscious act .
my parents would probably consider themselves nominally theistic especially my mom but the only time i ever attended church growing up was going to midnight mass a couple times when we went to visit my grandparents during christmas .
to the extent that they would have reacted they would have had to say something like ah that 's not surprising . ''
ironically outside of the religious views it probably would n't be untrue to say i have more sympathy for the social views of traditional '' christians than my parents do .
oh didnt meant to have my post this negative loaded .
i just am a bit amused/baffled by some comments p
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/binichdasarschloch if you have any questions or concerns .
your boyfriend is the asshole for hurting your feeling and being abusive to you because you 're not as good as him at a it takes two .
does not apply when replying to this stickied comment .
what this means please keep any meta '' discussion directed at specific users mods or r/conspiracy in general in this comment chain only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
guys idk where it 's appropriate to write it but i wholeheartedly want to share our family 's tradition to celebrate easter !
where it 's possible to share our story ... .
i 've never had anything bad happen from these ?
does america have enough hunter killer subs to do that ?
2008 recovered and re continued going up in some parts if i 'm not mistaken .
about https redd.it/dw7lux wiki rules https www.reddit.com/r/lightpieces/comments/dw7lux/about/f7kke6p reply ! delete to remove brackets hide titles
they way ornn hard carries is by scaling to mid/late game .
he 's not a duelist so you do n't really want to fight in lane or take massive roams .
ornn does n't even need a ton of gold to function well compared to a hard carry .
once he hits his sunfire cape upgrade at level 13 and has at least 2 items he become super tanky enough to easily 1v2 and 1v3 if you have level advantage .
his passive at level 14 is insane comeback tool as well .
i upgraded an inting master yi 's kraken slayer and all of a sudden he 's getting triple kills solo .
drone from murica kills 78 innocent civilians including 13 children
hi thanks tried this i have managed to get the app tower of fantasy on my device however it now is at the perfect world login options .
which i make it through however it then goes to the page i do not understand but can presume it is for a chinese name and id which i would imagine illegal to go further so i guess i would wait for global release or open beta which should be shortly after this closed beta testing hopefully .
thanks does that mean i need to complete the cathedral in this state ?
i 've seen screenshots of people in there with full normal bars .
yeah but if pretty much everyone is doing it i do n't see much problem .
it 's not like they are going for individual world records .
in my case i am pretty sure that it is just how i am .
in hindsight i have always been like this since puberty set in .
you buy it with real money it 's p2w .
1,000 to save 1 second of grinding buying that is p2w it 's just a really shitty weight in your favor .
people only purchase stuff that makes them 'win ' at the game .
anything they buy is p2w or they would n't buy it .
this reaching out things will mess with your head i would be confused too .
i thought he got transported to the mcu at the end .
i see that 's why is so familiar for me it is a piano piece .
if this post is not a human animal reacting to something in a you seeing this shit ? ! ''
manner please hit report so the mod team can take a look .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youseeingthisshit if you have any questions or concerns .
i read your comment and a cursed idea popped into my head mcdonald 's touch-screen order kiosks but they let you sample the product by licking the screens .
s obzirom na to koliko dugo traži savete i pomoć i koliko ništa od tih saveta ne pokušava da primeni u praksi čisto sumnjam da mu je iskrena želja da reši taj problem .
that 's before the colorado dems declared war on legal gun owners after the aurora shooting in 2012 and insured nathan dunlap 's death sentence will never be carried out .
although the world would probably be a better place if everyone was bisexual
i feel like it should be because it 's fucked up .
the easter bunny had to go all out in that episode because he forgot the girls the year before !
i love that they fixed that scene in the blu-ray version .
it 's one of the prettiest panels of her in the manga .
i think they need to not look at source material at all .
do an alternate timeline with a story that barely resembles the source material that they wo n't be using .
it can be called the gray timeline or something .
that can be their excuse for not following canon at all .
oh and also every episode should feature unnecessary nudity that adds nothing to the episode .
it 's purely there just to make the show seem edgy or mature .
also the guardians keep their helmets off like 99 of the time .
and for 99 of the show we do n't actually see any of the forces we 're at war with .
it 's just a lot of guardians standing around talking .
i think that would work and appeal to a broad '' audience .
you 're not supposed to run yay as root though it even warns you if you do
it 's a lie that could have gotten you arrested in some circumstances and anyone you openly tell about when you started dating would think you were grooming her .
op i think you should take a break from this relationship and really reflect on how long you were lied to and the implications of the worst case scenario .
i 'm not saying dump her entirely but you do need to process this .
bike downtown grab a slice at pizza calore then a slice of rasbeverly at peace love chocolate
grab yerba mate at the cult deli and enjoy the carvings
if you 're a run-of-the-mill pizza place in suburban north america i should expect that the pizza is cut .
if you are a traditional neapolitan pizzeria in the french quarter or downtown manhattan i can expect an uncut pizza but i expect all the same authenticity of the real thing as well..
it 's risky to take a chance in a new environment .
the new place could be worse than you 're current one .
i ca n't take a risk on three 1.5 year tenure jobs in a row .
if that 's the case then that is a form of manipulation .
t14 was practically dead before the war even happened .
there are still only a dozen or so test models .
let 's make them a part of our country so i see more of their people i hate ! ''
i did something like this but it was my ts youtube channel and his videos were so wholesome i eventually told him i found it and we just laughed .
i 'm not sure about your t but i 'm sure she will have a reasonable response to your statement .
i used to do that my bus line was terrible with one bus every 40 or so minutes .
if i missed the bus i would walk about 30 minutes to the local train station instead .
well yeah to claim that someone is only straight because of the times they live in is setting a dangerous narrative for homophobes to run wild with in the other direction .
there 's an increasing body of evidence to suggest that sexual orientation and identity are innate and linked to hormonal fluctuations in utero most kids even pick up on it at a young age so the liberal agenda making our kids gay '' is just not a thing that 's happening just that more people come out of the closet when it feels safe to .
like i said i def agree that aesthetic qualities are largely determined by societal trends a curvy lady or a tall dude for instance but that 's separate from homo '' vs hetero ''
my brother got one yesterday but it was 1500 .
ripping off better call saul season 4 cold opener .
i think these speeds refer to different type of testing not falls .
i was referring to the standard ece/dot/snell standards that most helmets on the market are certified with .
if i am not wrong the speeds they test them are like 8-9 m/s which is like around 23mph ...
you have to see them live.. it will bring everything to a new level .
same thing happened to me when they were touring their home album .
given that they stated they were having people in person to pick their seats out from late may thru the summer this sounds like bs lmao
my septum was the most painful piercing experience i 've ever had .
it 's pierced in the right spot but it was definitely not painless like other people described .
those who 've had clear lived memories and experiences of before and after definitely have a different viewpoint that i 'm sure can make it more challenging .
some of these cars have parental controls attached to a key including a road speed governor .
when they always have time for their other friends but never for you .
how far back was this in the archives if it 's a throwback ?
kezar pub used to be a wings bar not so sure anymore
remember doing some back to school shopping at k-mart as a kid .
i always love that part joon does in fire pointing forward then up😄👏
one of my internet buddies actually sent me his old 1070 8gb for free before the graphics card shortages really ramped up ... luckiest thing that 's ever happened to me .
no no he looks like he just got back from war and now has ptsd
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whenthe if you have any questions or concerns .
if you know anything about brazil you know that we have beans inside our veins .
my name is inigo montoya you killed my father prepared to die .
this made me realise that she is not talking about lips .
probably because they have done market research that indicates it would n't be profitable to offer the smaller phones .
i have a pixel 2 xl and am upgrading to the pixel 6 pro and consider both to be a bit too small .
imagine 50 years of marriage with no oral sex with your husband and having your husband whine that he 's not being sexually fulfilled because you wo n't open the marriage up and fuck other women with him and you will understand why i broke up with him .
though i gather he did n't mind if i had oral with another woman .
he just did n't want to give it or receive it himself .
he had this thing about no mouth contact with genitals .
if i had wanted to play with another woman and get or give oral to her apart from him that would have been fine .
ditto her but i 'd have had to brush teeth before kissing him when i was done with her .
he wanted an open marriage and permission to fuck other women .
i was allowed to fuck other women if i wanted .
but he was squeamish about being in a 3 way with another man and did not particularly like the idea of sharing me with another man though he admitted that was only fair if the relationship was open .
i was n't particularly interested in being submissive anyway but he would n't have even considered being dominant with me .
he loved all kinds of toys and pretending type scenarios so sex with him could be fun but it was always geared towards him being submissive to me and/or being submissive to two women .
he was fine with the idea of me being mistress to both or with having two dommes but straight up one on one no bdsm sex was boring to him .
for all his other kinks he did n't want lips touching his genitals and he would n't so much as kiss a woman below her navel or allow her to kiss his penis .
i do n't know why he was like that about oral but between that and the whole open the relationship up if you truly love me thing i just could not see us making it .
he could be a wonderful lover when you did what he wanted but he could be a bit whiny and downright manipulative when he was n't getting his way in or out of bed .
he was the only son of two very wealthy people and though they did not raise him to be a totally classist jerk he was given almost everything he wanted in return for being a good boy and running the paternal family business which he hated .
he was a child of divorce and though his parents were civil they both spoiled him a bit too much to keep him doing what they wanted .
he had a bit of entitlement going on i guess ?
he was actually a very talented musician and was not a guy who belonged in an office in a suit selling stuff all day .
he died while i was dating the son and eventually my lover made a major split .
he became a f/t musician and was much happier but all the family drama was definitely part of it all .
he was better honestly after his dad died but by then the damage was done .
after we split he started therapy and he started dating his ex again .
he was n't 100 happy with the breakup but he was making some progress with the rest of his life .
sad thing is he did n't live too long after we broke up .
he was coming back from a gig with his band and they got hit by a drunk driver who crossed the median strip .
it 's one of the things i look back on in my life and just think wtf ?
just as he was starting to really live the life he wanted it was over ?
we tried to be friends after but it was not easy the whole thing .
i was just too young myself and it was a real mess the whole situation ultimately .
i never would have been happy with him married with kids living that way .
i was and still am not a person who likes divorce so it was just kinder not to go there at all .
i wanted him to be happy and he was not going to be happy with me .
his mom who was the loveliest woman had a lot of respect for me but she said she regretted that i never became her daughter ...
first relationship though so obviously it had an impact on me too .
the first person you are with it always sticks with you .
agreed cvc has some good power to it people like to believe 20-30 points of extra damage is worth it over everything else .
or if bosses live through 5 hits the weapon is n't good hence bleed being popular
when the unit is dealt wounds you allocate those wounds one at a time to a model in the unit to make a save .
having shield drones in the unit ensures that you have a 4 4 up invuln for that save until all the shield drones die .
savior protocols is an additional buffer that can allow a drone in a separate unit to take a hit for you or to change which drone in this unit is dieing to a failed save
important once you have allocated a model to take a save you must continue allocating saves for that unit to that model until it dies or the phase ends .
this generally means you 'll want to take all shots on the drones first so they ca n't immediately switch to more powerful guns once you 've taken a save on a suit .
their only right move is to move the franchise to la half century ago where they can get big names to join them .
you 'll be minding your own damn business on a saturday and suddenly you 'll get a text in the platoon chat hey lcpl fuckface is a no show for duty lem me get a name and there 's an awkward moment where people will read it and not reply then you 'll get the i see people have seen it if nobody replies i 'm picking a name routine .
or when you get cut for the day on a friday and then get the i did n't cut you get the fuck back text only to go back and get cut again all because the lt did n't personally tell you to not drink and drive or kill a hooker in town because whenever it inevitably does happen the bnco is gon na hold lt mcbutterbars personally accountable for not holding every marine 's hand and telling them what not to do .
or when they 've got something last minute for you that was disseminated two weeks before the deadline but is only getting disseminated to you today that has to get done before cob or else nobody goes home .
the rationale is hey everybody report up at some god awful time in the morning and we do n't have to do an accountability formation which is brilliant and all until you realize that you still have morning pt/formation anyways .
so what 's the point of me waking up stupid early ?
it 's even worse for team leaders who have to wake up extra early to process this shit .
if someone attacks you with a weapon and you kill them you can and most likely will be charged and found guilty .
if at any point you can run away and you dont take that option .
you must attempt escape before you kill to defend yourself from someone trying to kill you .
if you think this post is funny upvote this comment !
if you think this post is unfunny downvote this comment !
kevin would also like to remind you that if you 're really desperate youtube-dl can be used to download videos from reddit .
whilst you 're here commissarsasha why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/qpbgxd2guu ?
they 're basically five inch long cardboard tubes stuffed with cotton that 's been treated with a chemical that kills ticks paramethrin i think but do n't quote me on it .
the idea is that mice and other rodents see this free bedding laying around and take it back to their nests .
ticks feeding on the mice die due to the chemical and any potential disease they carry is n't transmitted to humans .
these are the most common sort you 'll see around
if you have ever been round a farm that produces organic or free-range eggs the conditions there are pretty appalling cramped and stinking with limited if any outside area for the chickens to perform any of their natural behaviours .
it horrified and disgusted me to see so many birds living in such a small space and this was in the uk which has stricter animal welfare regulations than the us .
eta it 's so heartening to see how many people care about animal welfare .
good luck finding someone who 's just dying to give you all the blow jobs you want .
if you end the relationship for that then you still have no partner giving you blow jobs .
some day you 'll want to ask yourself if you 're putting into the relationship what you want to get out of it .
located in bay area but will be in coachella city for weekend 2 !
so bellator makes the right call on an illegal strike and ufc totally blows it .
remember it 's only illegal if you do n't finish the fight .
many colleges and university at least in the us have mental health clinics .
they generally provide counseling as part of your student services fees .
i guess i can just see the other side because i was in a relationship where i was constantly having to deal with my partner prioritizing video games over our life together spending time with me helping me take care of the house we both worked etc .
it felt like i was living with a teenager .
i 'm just saying we do n't know what the context is .
and it 's nice that the person i was replying to actually understands the importance of balancing that kind of stuff .
valid i just do n't relate to that being a fun use of my time hope you enjoy it tho 🤝
295 93 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/u1nufq/fresh_video_lil_durk_what_happened_to_virgil_ft 91 fresh video 93 lil durk what happened to virgil ft. gunna 40 directed by cole bennett 41 https youtu.be/pvoyrm_jzc8 sp https open.spotify.com/track/7ohroa13qk43jbrqfcmz4p am https music.apple.com/us/album/what-happened-to-virgil-feat-gunna/1611055823 dzr https www.deezer.com/track/1680770047 sc https soundcloud.com/pgboys-lil-durk/lil-durk-what-happened-to-virgil-ft-gunna-fast yt https youtu.be/pvoyrm_jzc8 ytm https music.youtube.com/watch ? v=xrxvcrs0xvs feature=share
225 27 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/u3ksm3/fresh_video_fivio_foreign_slime_them_feat_lil 91 fresh video 93 fivio foreign slime them 40 feat .
lil yachty 41 91 official video 93 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=hkmeo0gtq7m sp https open.spotify.com/track/15pbmojuthh9o5irp5yw6z am https music.apple.com/us/album/slime-them-feat-lil-yachty/1617161806 dzr https www.deezer.com/track/1708648277 sc https soundcloud.com/fivioforeign/slime-them-feat-lil-yachty yt https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=hkmeo0gtq7m ytm https music.youtube.com/watch ? v=v5szdfvkgic feature=share
203 28 comments r/hiphopheads/comments/u4sjvj/fresh_video_logic_clouds_without_the_features 91 fresh video 93 logic clouds 40 without the features 41 https youtu.be/uymwt8hzlu4
85 7 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/u1byu1/fresh_video_lute_changes_feat_bj_the_chicago_kid 91 fresh video 93 lute changes 40 feat .
bj the chicago kid 41 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=8ebgcanftgk sp https open.spotify.com/track/2qrfwnxpkrew4fmj1alliz am https music.apple.com/us/album/changes-feat-bj-the-chicago-kid/1586706365 dzr https www.deezer.com/track/1505806652 sc https soundcloud.com/luteofficial/changes-feat-bj-the-chicago yt https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=8ebgcanftgk ytm https music.youtube.com/watch ? v=buhbx5cymlq feature=share
42 3 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/u2v28i/fresh_video_shakewell_take_the_field 91 fresh video 93 shakewell take the field https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wn2ievsogti sp https open.spotify.com/track/2xbb1fbybqfgpkwltpvibk am https music.apple.com/us/album/take-the-field/1618097713 dzr https www.deezer.com/track/1693294757 sc https soundcloud.com/shakewell818/take-the-field yt https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wn2ievsogti ytm https music.youtube.com/watch ? v=3wpkwzavz4e feature=share
you are saying her argument js flawed based on your anecdotal evidence right ?
does this one double as a staunch jw as well ?
i would keep it completely dry as much as possible to promote scabbing .
i 'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news but your eyebrows will most likely still be dark for the wedding .
saline removal takes an extensive amount of time and many sessions .
he literally built concentration camps for undesirables”. stole their children and sent them away to be adopted by white christian nationalists .
these kids will be raised as right wing conservatives who hate their own race of people .
there was even an episode of star trek about this concept .
although they 'd arrived with parents upon separation the children had been officially transformed into unaccompanied minors with immigration cases distinct from the adults they 'd arrived with .
and it was already becoming clear that despite its protestations to the contrary the government had no real plan for bringing them back together .
children including infants began arriving at care facilities around the country sometimes in the dead of night sometimes without being told where they were going sometimes without paperwork noting their parents ' detention locations or even their names .
office of refugee resettlement grantees around the country — could end up staying there so long that they would trigger a mechanism within the 1997 adoption and safe families act that was intended to keep children from languishing in foster care for years .
the law provides that if a child has been in foster care for 15 out of 22 consecutive months except in cases of relative foster care child welfare agencies must stop working toward the goal of reunifying the child with their parents and instead move to terminate parental rights and make the child available for adoption.
while there does exist an ice directive that provides detained parents the right to be notified of any custody proceedings regarding their children ice is n't required to notify a state child protective agency of a detained parent 's location so they could actually be informed .
nor does ice have to transport parents to custody-related court hearings .
advocates worry that judges or caseworkers may wonder why parents went awol and are n't showing up to fight for their child and may eventually terminate their rights.
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ukrainewarvideoreport if you have any questions or concerns .
bottom for a guy while thinking about your gf .
if you ca n't cum with a dick in your ass then time to break up with your gf i 'm bored .
you do measure needle length in mm but it 's not how you would primarily describe them .
obviously i 'm over analyzing a joke but just thought i 'd add some info to make it an accurate joke
it 's because before every update pixonic separates and isolates each game platform ios android pc etc until all of us are on the same update and are playing a stable game .
so expect these weird match ups if you 're on a platform with not a lot of players .
i would n't be surprised if they actually did that in real life
‘another person says another thing agreeing with palestinians ' antisemitic .
but boebert is a girl and she likes guns and trucks and manly stuff and stuff like that and also she 's prettier than any other girl ever !
idk that saying has never made sense but most things like confuse me tehehe 'cause i 'm just like a pretty girl and stuff .
when you invade a nation of 44 million people start leveling cities and then butcher civilians you make enemies real fast amongst the locals .
who is more motivated some farmers who see their families murdered or some poorly trained/equipped soldier who is more interested in looting than fighting .
one only has their life to lose and the other seeing everyone they love die .
the russian people should realize why ukraine is pounding their army and why putin can not win .
to be fair gandhi was murdered by a hindu nationalist .
man people really forget why he got shot up and it 's hilarious .
dude was a name dropper and he got shot for it .
he was n't a gangsta he just hung on .
edit lol downvote me all you want just google why he got shot .
always baffled me how a group of union busters became one of the most well known detective and bounty hunting agencies .
no they just employed all of the power of the mainstream media to discredit and lie about him
not really a big pvp dude but i do sometimes transmog my gear to the very first set of armor from the red war .
it 's not to be tricky and it 's not a weird flex .
it 's because my guardian has been through some shit and i like my armor to look like it 's been through some shit too sometimes .
every time all i think about is ddr and how much i want to play again lol .
i actually won a 240 battle against 500 enemies .
depending on the quality of army on left it is doable if you have high tier units yourself and divide your army in proper groups .
i 'm going the fb route and have met someone from across the country which i 'm happy about .
after this people were everywhere spewing embiid plays reckless and that 's why this happened .
joel is definitely out of control on some plays but in this instance he was not .
just a bad break for scottie that he landed right on the ankle .
if you 're full time employed you usually get paid by the month regardless of any national holidays so essentially they 're paid .
if you 're getting paid by the hour i assume they 're not paid .
it 's weird cause one of my high school teachers the subject is about designing and building things like tables and chairs probably has an engineering degree .
and he uses the term ‘logarithmic ' to describe both exponential and logarithm functions .
is this an engineering thing or just an coincidence .
pilot maksudnya ... tapi dompet menghalangi untuk meraih mimpi itu .
turns out covid dateng menghancurkan semua bidang terlebih lagi aviasi kwkwk pilot pilot pada kagak terbang/phk delivery pesawat baru ditunda means less job available for pilot dan pastinya supply diluaran pilot jadi makin banyak persaingan makin parah .
maskapai kita itu itu aja soalnya kalo ga si merah ya si bumn korup yang kecil kecil ga bisa terlalu diharepin kalo kemaren gue bisa sekolah pilot ga kebayang baru lulus job marketnya udh amburadul kwkwkk
watched the a long beach race and the commentators were mentioning the pit crew sending someone out with missing lug nuts like it was just another normal day ...
a perfect example of this would be graham rahal 's crash at last year 's indy 500 .
i have both the thrustmaster gt2 and fanatec dd pro and think the fanatec is well worth the upgrade and i 'm now wondering why you do n't is there a reason ?
all the comments here about poot poot not wanting to do it or that their nukes do n't work anymore from lack of maintenance is all cope .
poot poot and rogue allies are trying to permanently destroy world power structure and reshape world econ .
nuke would be their easy way into what they are looking for .
because smaller countries are n't plunging into their own dictator vs civilian gov war is because they feel they have to answer to world gov and face punishment .
if us and eu become unstable and incapable other countries will get into their own wars .
that 's their new world order with dictators heading most countries and no world policing so countries allowed to do anything with new econ where russia and rogue allies calls the shots .
only option for us and eu is to stop poot poot and russia before they launch nukes .
that was me at 12 years old i hated everybody equally because i was scared of everybody hurting me .
sounds like he gets upset by a lot of things .
he 's a bully and google narcissism personality disorder if you think that may be describe him .
i have a cache of generic thank you and blank cards .
they 'll catch my eye and i 'll pick up a box .
poor but decent-looking women marrying well-to-do dweebs is a tale as old as time .
but it has to tough expecting a gaudy mcmansion in a nice minneapolis suburb maybe a tall personal trainer ... and ending up in switzerland
i was there and spoke to a few of them .
they were all there for slightly different reasons but it was clear to me that the primary reason for many of them was that they just loved being a part of something .
protests are usually associated with people on the left and i think these righty 's are getting a taste of it and enjoying the camaraderie .
it 's a low budget body horror movie that i was actually really impressed by .
but the entire concept and the ending made me literally yell out what the actual fuck
thanks for the hints i will take a look at these !
would n't it depend on whether they know the facts are false ?
it sounds like a person like that just has their mind made up .
if you have a bad take and are simply wrong but you can back up your opinion by saying according to x stats y is true '' then you are n't being a bullshitter you 're just wrong .
if you know that your facts are either wrong or they simply do n't say what you want them to say and you claim they do then you 're a bullshitter because you are pushing something that you know is misleading .
couple thoughts from my experience these guys love to dig .
i know its more work but a sand substrate in the tank would make them very happy and mor comfortable in their habitat .
if you ever put live prey in there its a real treat to watch them bury down into the sand and stay perfectly still until some stupud ghost shrimp happens along .
next one is i do have concern about the open egg crate walls like res and others asns are very prone to ris but they tend to show fewer symptoms until very ill .
some solid barrier taped to the outside would a protect against drafts while basking and b would give them a nice visual barrier .
which brings my next point these guys are usually very slow to warm up and like to hide .
they can get very stressed without and visual barriers to hide behind .
the sand will also help bc they are very adept at hiding in sand .
i switched to a mac in 2009 from windows 98 and never looked back .
even xp was an atrocious operating system and it only got worse as time went on .
between bloatware ads and untimely updates i currently see zero reasons other than games or programs unavailable on a mac as reasons to own a windows based computer .
blockbuster existed well into 2010 when most millennials were already at least in their 20 's .
i would hate to be the last one to know my husband was unfaithful and was a pedophile .
i would say you 're helping your aunt here not hurting her .
imagine sharing your bed with that and you do n't even know .
if you gave 300,000 starving homeless people a new house education a car and a job vs. a nameless billionaire having 2.64b in his portfolio vs 2.46b you do n't think that would be better or affect anyone or affect the country ?
in your defense i do not have a strategy to redistribute these resources without resorting to communism which i do not agree with .
also in your defense i get that if a billionaire spends 250m on a yacht that money is redistributed in the economy because you have to pay people to build the boat and the factories that make the parts have to hire workers and so on .
i also get that if you have 2.64b in the bank the bank is going to lend out that money to other people and they will hopefully and on average become prosperous and therefore it is a win-win-win situation for the billionaire the bank and the borrower .
all of that being said power is synonymous with wealth and power structures collapse when they become too top heavy .
a strong flourishing middle class is the backbone of any good capitalistic society and greed is always bad .
capitalism plays off of greed by providing a framework which at best lifts other people up by allowing greed be the primary motivator .
greed is the gasoline on which the engine of capitalism runs .
but it is still wrong when one single man controls a hundred billion man hours of labor .
so miers dropped off on that tackle and they go down the field and score what does this guy have on scott that he gets a game .
the post nor picture said anything about co2 and the only thing i know about nutritional yeast is it ca n't be used to ferment for brewing purposes or as a leavening agent for baking .
hi please use the weekly general discussion thread on wednesday for fiction recommendations or any sort of discussion on particular works of published media including genres tropes finding a specific book sharing favourite or worst inspirations/extracts/scenes/characters frustration with other storytelling and so on .
virtually all shows or books can be used as examples to showcase good or bad writing so we do n't allow posts just to post a recommendation .
please use another media forum to discuss a particular show game or book or to analyse/critique/praise etc particular pieces of published writing .
i always amuses me that people here rip on flat earthers etc but sincerely believe there is an elite pedophile ring run by a known criminal who very publicly committed suicide but it 's just out of reach .
but is she still alive or did she get tiananmen squared ?
i guarentee you someone at home office has a cousin that makes vests and pitched them to wm earning a hefty kickback at our expense .
i recently recounted and it was like ... 11 total ...
i had a girlfriend that was a home care nurse who had a client that would ask her to make her a peanut butter and mayo sandwich at every visit .
the gf would make a face and the little old lady finally talked her into trying one and she ended up loving it !
however nothing could ever make me try the combination not even her offering to do that thing i liked ...
people do n't like him because his release is slow but that 's not the point of his card .
i 'm a defensive minded guy and rodman is literally my favorite card .
i would n't start anyone in the game over him .
that means you can start 3 big guys without any oop players .
his shot 's slow but i green in consistently and it 's not like he 's handling the ball he only needs to shoot it when he 's open .
you probably saved yourself from a lot of trouble by saying no .
i love the color combo you used for the flower on the index finger .
i 've cut out all the men from the family in every generation .
i 'll talk to my mom a couple of times in a week .
only my sister and some cousins i 'll actually tell anything that matters .
we used to be a large joint family before the kids all grew up and moved away .
while i in general do no talk about my current projects i can tell you i recently worked as a temp on a project for the steam deck that is not from valve and because my nda is up i can tell you that i worked on the very beginning of the mafia remaster before being transferred to another project that i ca n't disclose for legal reasons .
they should n't make like 8 teams right away .
indian women cricket does n't have the depth of men 's cricket there wo n't be enough players who do n't play for india who will do well .
there wo n't be any sandeep sharma shahbaz ahmed lalit yadav types .
so starting with 4 keeps quality at a decent level and the fact that a new women 's league has started will create a little bit of hype .
anyone expecting great success from the league is being unrealistic .
that whole reveal felt real silly i felt like if they wanted transformers in ww2 they should 've at least established it earlier instead of it popping up out of nowhere
i guess i 'm just old school cause i 'd never waste a customization slot for a dodging move .
the classic roll has always been plenty for me lol .
i guess i can agree that some players use it as a crutch .
kevin hart is tall enough to look some of them in the eyes .
yeah i 'm a senior engineer 20 years ago i 'd have had a dedicated secretary and access to a typist and draughtsman pool .
i had this issue how i fixed it was save scumming but moving a hero or army before hand .
i 'm not sure if moving a hero actually changes the roll chance or it rolls once you get there but i managed to snag the blade after like 7-8 attempts .
it was like the best thing they sold ... ... ... but goddamn italians do n't eat breakfast .
most mcdonalds here do n't even open until lunchtime .
the mcdonalds near me actually stopped serving breakfast altogether .
i ca n't even get a damn egg mcmuffin anymore ... ... ... .it 's pathetic .
free trials are great u/ok_interview_4280 but to ensure this post gets approved make sure to leave the link to your onlyfans page directly as a comment so that the bot can approve your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
salaar project k ... . basically any future movie prabhas will work on .
what was point of jackie shroff character in saaho they did n't even really touch on it at all .
randhe shaym too how does he have the power .
useless scenes need to be taken out and give content .
anna ki chepala too much variety risk kuda cheyadu .
i think she is good actress i liked both wonder woman films justice league too .
i understand she might not be liked by everyone but i seen worse looking actresses she is above average in my humble opinion
i 'd felt really horrid for a few days after this .
i understand that you mean well op but the making sandwiches/giving out soup etc stage is largely over .
volunteers have it under control and the wave of refugees is nothing like it was at the beginning .
now people need places to stay and work etc .
i know you want to help but the best way to do it would be donating some money and then travel for a bit .
ryan air is cheap and you could go to spain or southern europe if you have time to kill .
but i mean this as nicely as possible trying to help here is going to be kind of a burden especially since you only speak english .
warsaw is also experiencing a huge flux in people right now due to this crisis .
it 's much more helpful not to come here and not to take up overnight spaces hotels airbnbs that could be used to house refugees
it 'll be beautiful and you can help from afar by donating
you have to know that he is quite literally mentally retarded he got psych evaluations that confirms it .
and yet he managed to get a law degree and place really high in the class rankings .
i wonder if that is more telling about the university of copenhagen rasmus paludan or the field of law studies .
ffs he even worked as a lecturer at ku .
damn is that why my mom is still getting hit on by men of all ages at 41 ?
i was also a beta so i know what you mean .
hell they do n't even force us to wear masks when we donate plasma anymore .
these mechanics are in the game so why not use them ?
i just pick one hermit usually grian and watch all their videos from the time i stopped watching it .
then if i want to i can go back and watch the other hermit 's videos .
to not get shot by someone on the same faction as me .
to actually play the role as intended and to care about scav/fence rep .
the gossiper would still talk crap about her behind her back even after she left .
i have one of these people in my workplace .
i did n't add them on my social media but this person talks badly about everyone !
i 've seen coworkers leave and she still talking bad about them 3 months after the person left .
best way is for her to delete these people off her facebook .
she seems like she does n't have the balls to pull the plug and delete these people
you do not understand what your wife is going through nor do you care .
your expectations are not inclusive of the reality your wife lives in .
also no matter what your wife is hosting family when they come over .
clearly your family 's poor respect of boundaries desite your wife 's wishes is a clear indicator of what type of guests they are .
not eat but drank around 6-8 cans of coke a day for years .
it was n't till i was in my 20s i realised how fucked up that was .
did n't get fat did n't get diabetes but did end up with fucked teeth .
he 's technically an american relational analyst but he refers regularly to lacan and has written an article about the hermeneutic nature of judaism .
i had a quick look and these are some of the articles i was referring to
levenson 2001 freud 's dilemma on thinking greek and writing jewish '' https www.tandfonline.com/doi/pdf/10.1080/00107530.2001.10747085
he has many more that are interesting for sure .
the pursuit of the particular the use of disorder and aspects of self-revelation and self-disclosure .
my sister watched child 's play at a friends birthday party .
we did n't find out till weeks later when she wanted to rent it from blockbuster .
why does a care if you 're not someone else 's birthday party ?
if a really wanted you there he could have come picked you up ?
also it 's not a 's birthday why does he care if you are there or not ?
honestly feels like a had a crush on you or something and is sad you were n't there .
if you take this baby 's head hair this baby 's sideboards and this baby 's moustache i think you 'd get ... pat mustard
the way aqua acts i would not be surprised if she was kazuma 's goddess because she doubles as the goddess of neets .
turns out i had to re-edit my content removed some images within the video and optimised sizing for various placements and re-upload .
had one just the other day on the dt .
the person was projecting their own stuff and just not hearing what i was saying at all the topic was my own situation which they were misreading through a lens of their own experience and no amount of clarification would get them to deviate from their own assumptions .
they eventually turned pass-agg and borderline nasty so i ended up blocking .
mina ! i 'm also a bit torn on this chapter .
on one hand spinning the gusto of the dam war the very thing that wronged satoko in the first place into a monumental effort to save her is possibly the peakest fiction of the entire damn story .
minagoroshi is a story about how no one actually hates each other that bigotry is all just smoke and mirrors forming a negative feedback loop because no one wants to admit that they 're wrong and can be atoned for and forgiven through the right channels .
everything about the dam war and houjous i find to be a really fascinating nuanced examination of one 's relationship to their community how banding together in face of adversity can lead to ultimately positive results the village is saved yet negative effects if left unchecked you just ruined the life of a child .
on the other hand ... everything about the child consultation center i find hard to sit through and it has simply never gotten easier .
a case where the forest is beautiful yet the trees themselves are a bit uninteresting !
also there 's like one thing i 'm crying and shitting my pants about because i so desperately want to talk about it but i 'm not even sure when i can cuz like half of it involves a console arc that i myself has n't actually read
thanks for the advice brother i been using those anti fog wipes they work like a charm
press and hold on the icon group widget configure layout options icons visibility remember last state .
tbh i believe metagods mass adoption wave is imminent .
r/onlyfansnaturallyhot is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansnaturallyhot if you have any questions or concerns .
light housekeeping for me has been things like general straightening loading/unloading dishwasher throughout day maaaaaaybe vacuuming a room that the kids are in a lot during the day wiping off counters .
certainly not vacuuming and mopping every day or cleaning the entire house .
if he wants the house fully cleaned he needs to spring for a housekeeper .
most people have been fixing for 1 year recently as that 's the best to make use of falling rates so you 're not locked in at higher rates .
glad you want to check out the full write-up .
and about the dolphins i could see hunter be on the field a lot more with how much 12 personnel that offense uses on base downs .
please help us decide if this post is a good fit for the subreddit by up or downvoting this comment .
if you think that this is great advice to improve your life please upvote .
if you think this does n't help you in any way please downvote .
if you do n't care leave it for the others to decide .
that 's a damn shame when folks be throwin ' away a perfectly good white boy like that !
based on promos it looks like wes is on strands side unfortunately but i really hope it 's also a spy situation
buy what you 'll need to survive when this all goes tits up .
i would totally be ok with larson not wining of suarez won .
hey man how tall are you and how do you like that windshield ?
what for the dreepy but i ca n't trade rn i 'll dm u the tha code when i can trade
apparently it 's supposed to be mando season 2 dlc which we see ahsoka in .
she is a big character in the star wars universe
good luck with that they are going 3x retail on ebay just wait for next batch
principiellt håller jag med om att man ska kunna göra det om man vill .
nej köper inte att detta skulle vara någon slippery slope .
det finns redan tusentals saker helt orelaterat till muslimer som folk idag och tidigare inte uttrycker p.g.a rädsla för konsekvenser .
har man aldrig kunnat gå till valfritt område med hög kriminellalitet förolämpa varenda person en träffar och sen förvänta sig att inget kommer hända för att vi har yttrandefriheten .
så nej ursäkta om jag föredrar att rösta på saker som faktiskt påverkar svenska folket i stort och inte de fåtal människor som inte kan låta bli att annonsera att de ska bränna en bok publikt .
jag köper heller inte att något parti har någon speciellt bra lösning på det heller .
my partner is a female bodybuilder and life is great 😊
ca n't recall seeing any former president ever wear clothing that said they were the president ... lame as hell .
child abuse sexual harassment slander should be fun when you take this to hr
do not come here to be toxic you will be banned .
please also report anything that should be reported so we can keep this sub focused on bubble butts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bubblebutts if you have any questions or concerns .
very glad to have found it very good for the world that hologra exists .
praise be the nonsensical madness that is the hologra-making team .
due to increased scam attempts within the sub all low-flaired sellers 11 trades must follow several new procedures for increased security .
all items must include a handwritten timestamp with your username and the current date included in at least one picture that shows all items listed for sale to show proof of ownership .
additional pictures can be included in the album for increased detail .
payment methods is limited to paypal goods and services .
venmo zelle cashapp and paypal friends and family are prohibited unless you use a 3rd member as a payment proxy https www.reddit.com/r/gunaccessoriesforsale/wiki/proxy .
failure to adhere to this will result in the buyer being banned for 30 days and seller being banned for 90 days .
additionally to make things as simple as possible simply state whether or not the g s fees are included in your listed price s .
if your post is not in compliance with these rules you may be banned .
do not make a new posting edit this posting to ensure it complies or you may be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gunaccessoriesforsale if you have any questions or concerns .
thas a hokie high '' if i ever heard of one ...
stuff they will not add to the game for 500 please
i do n't see how it was a strawman or a false equivalency .
this is precisely what people have been saying and yet they 've failed to give a convincing argument .
drawing an analogy with something everyone agrees is morally reprehensible is pretty much the only way to get people to notice inconsistencies in their morality .
you say to present facts about how widespread it is and how much suffering it causes but that was the entire point of the post .
i 'd be pretty stupid to just stand up on a stage and say eating meat child porn '' then leave .
you 're conveniently forgetting about the whole catalyst for the argument .
in terms of fragility my response was n't motivated by how butthurt i was it was intended to get the commenter to notice their inconsistent beliefs .
instead of flats try a pair of sneakers like vans or converse .
what the fuck am i gon na do with this guy ?
pass play for 4 yard s but that 's not enough for the first down .
turnover on downs. ! https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20turnoverdownspass message=pass 20play 20for 20 7byards 7d 20yard 28s 29 2c 20but 20that 27s 20not 20enough 20for 20the 20first 20down. 20turnover 20on 20downs .
adam crockenbaker f/adamc has possession now. ! https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20overtimedriveend message=end 20of 20the 20drive. 20 7bteam 7d 20has 20possession 20now .
it 's 1st and 10 on the cascade valley 25 .
drive away for 5 yards in 0 seconds ending in turnover https res.cloudinary.com/fakecfb/image/upload/v1650241438/u5v66j/0.png
do you know of any guides/tutorials/videos that explain it well ?
i sort of understand the general idea of how to create your own character/outfit in singleplayer but not that well .
well i 've wanted to try them for a long while too .
i think the mystery deal will make it worth it to finally do so even if i end up not completely satisfied .
i 'm usually not fussy about mystery boxes because of the prices i know in advance they can be quite a gamble .
no i 'm kidding but r/fitness is better with this type of stuff .
i was doing the reddit ppl for a while and it helped my upper body even out with my lower body bc it 's 4 upper body days and 2 lower per week
how 's the view from the safely of the freighter ? ''
a full play through going after most bosses takes much longer than 40 hours .
anyone who beat the game in under 80 likely missed a whole lot
an event for local artists in a small city that probably does n't have much going on year round is a lot different .
and all you do on awacs is monitor and piss off yak forger pilots while drinking diet coke from a paper cup .
that 's what clancy wrote about them so it 's true .
that could be a smart solution but whats the point without being able to compare to other players
i 'd definitely make you submit i 'd stretch your hole and make you into a completely submissive slut for me
when people ask where i grew up i say seattle because that 's way easier than saying well technically it was unincorporated king county and the address said bothell but eventually the property was annexed by kirkland
my girl literally gave 1/6 of the continent aids just to not get got .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/desabafos if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm completely against it because it hugely benefits hitscans over other characters .
this is your friendly automod here reminding you to check the rules https www.reddit.com/r/gachaclub/about/rules of our sub before you post .
https www.reddit.com/r/gachaclub/comments/ls929k/the_official_discord_server_of_rgachaclub ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf this comment does n't mean you 're breaking rules it 's just a reminder !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gachaclub if you have any questions or concerns .
we are getting our submitters verified and we have determined
https old.reddit.com/r/ddnoap/wiki/verify if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact ddnoap .
for other great subs check out the asian network !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/busty if you have any questions or concerns .
his hair looks so bad in breaking bad compared to bcs
supernatural is not massively similar to scooby doo but it 's similar enough that they have a crossover episode .
we got love for people in admin over here too !
i have the quickest turnaround on customs hit me up
dd destroyer the menacing brawler on tier 2 is kurama mount it with huws she will became a most dangerous ship in tier 2 but the huws have shortest range for a torpedo be careful if you want to get close to the enemy and she can do 1v1 or more if you have ally support using kurama will be easy if you are a world of warship player .
the downsides of kurama are hp is too low the max speed is 20 knots it 's a slowest destroyer in the game but it have total of 3 anti aircraft guns no missiles and weak against fast ships and being missile spammed .
for equipment pm/dm or reply me this comment may be long .
dd destroyer the missile boats on tier 2 are uss arleigh burke roks kdxx and hms duncan i 'm not using missiles boats in this game i 'm literally cursed not to use it they have 2x missiles pick missiles that can launch 2x missiles it 's means they can launch 4 missiles use smm-700k c-star the korean missile the downsides they may be situational or upgrade dependant .
i 'm not really using missile boats i 'm not joking
cv aircraft carrier the flagship of the fleet on tier 2 is nimitz change her planes to j-15 for high burst damage and short reload or use f-14 tomcat for supersonic speed .
she have lots of aa and tons of hp for survivability .
her major downside she lack of self defense against approaching enemy ship her auto cannons almost useless and majority of cv weakness is slow speed you can use admiral kuznetsov for anti ship missiles but her hp is not the highest for a tier 2 cv .
submarine the might of the ussr on tier 2 is kursk she have alot of offensive capabilities she have 2 slots of missiles and torpedoes making her a dangerous submarine in tier 2 .
downsides of kursk is the slowest submarine in tier 2 also the largest and easily spammed by torpedoes
oil has alot more setup time and will self level .
for a novice like me thats a huge benefit .
oil poly does have a color to it so that may be a positive or negative depending on what you want the final result to look like .
with a good sealer you can get away with a single coat of poly and sealer is cheaper .
i used sealer twice out of the three times i 've redone floors .
i 'm now very comfortable with the lambswool applicator method of oil so it would be my goto in the future .
my previous plan was to get son i have kulu and kane but the team balance wouldnt be good
and yes 20 years ago i was high-school and i really did n't get into social media until about nine years ago .
not doing actual work of course but hanging out like she was in the photo .
prenups have been overridden and some jurisdictions have no fault common law and community property laws that can not be bypassed with a prenup .
only a lawyer in his area of residence can say if a prenup would hold up in the case of a divorce or breakup .
is it knight to e3 king to d4 and the queen to d2 ?
this wooden game box has two playing surfaces and a drawer for storing gaming pieces and throw sticks that were used as counters for determining moves in the games .
the top surface is laid out with twenty squares for the game tjau robbers .
the bottom has thirty squares for the game senet passing .
in the new kingdom senet became associated with the underworld the obstacles of the game corresponding to hazards met on the journey to the afterlife .
in the tomb of nefertari principal wife of ramesses ii a scene depicts the queen playing senet in the afterlife against an invisible adversary .
the box is inscribed on the top and sides with funerary offering texts for the overseer of works taia his father also named taia and his mother yuwi .
on one end is a scene showing taia and his wife tekhyt seated on the right facing an offering table .
facing the table on the left is takhyt 's mother ahmose .
filing bankruptcy does n't do much when your debt is nondischargeable
i 'm probably the only person who listens to dire straits while reading berserk ...
it 's pretty conclusive per capita gdp does not have an effect on suicide rates .
the us and norway are far ahead of iran .
canada also has a higher suicide rate than el salvador .
unless you just want to think all the data is so impossibly skewed it seems pretty clear .
burundi the poorest nation on earth has a lower suicide rate than sweden finland the us and japan .
guyana and suriname are both wealthier than el salvador but have higher suicide rates .
moldova the poorest country in europe has a suicide rate lower than finland the happiest '' country in the world for the past 5 years with a very high gdp ppp and hdi .
i had hypothesized that an increase in economic development would decrease a country 's suicide rates .
this would expect a negative relationship to be present between the two variables .
however the relationship ended up being positive because the slope was positive at 0.00007577 .
although upon examining the t-value and p-value the model was determined to not be statistically significant .
so and i had our 4 hour design meeting for our new house friday .
i did n't think i would have any preferences when we first decided to go with a new build but i definitely did discovered i do as the process went on
they definitely lost me a bit when it came to picking out the color of the grout for the bathroom tile though lol
those psychics that worked for the cia and government no longer do for a reason theyre best efforts provided nothing of value maybe beyond the rare correct guess .
and because there are ufos that does not equate to alien life just aerial phenomena we ca n't explain .
so to say bc there are ufos there are probably psychics is really you just making a fallacious argument .
psychic phenomena has been thoroughly investigated by the us ussr as well as other countries and there 's a reason it is n't utilized .
wan na be psychics are outright liars or misled people .
those psychics today are hacks that give people false hope and have been thoroughly disbunked .
after resort hell reiji seriously spent nearly an entire chapter with kazuya moping in his room
if i had to guess its a portal 2 reference since there 's a character called wheatley
those things are almost as bad as the demon babies from a couple christmases back .
ooo like red/white vertical stripes to mimic the popcorn container with the popcorn covering the top of the loaf ?
very ambitious but has the potential to be remarkable !
1000000 agree but i would have to cum all over that beautiful ring
i know it seems pedantic but technically asus does n't list the 5600 as supported on the cpu support page for that motherboard https rog.asus.com/us/motherboards/rog-strix/rog-strix-b550-i-gaming-model/helpdesk_cpu
they list the 5600g 5600ge and 5600x but not the 5600 .
we try to follow the list as strictly as possible which is why we 're not showing the 5600 on our end .
we 've seen this happen on a number of asus motherboards so you 're almost certainly fine but we 've also heard reports of their support lines denying support if something is n't strictly on their supported lists .
the full visual already leaked https i.imgur.com/vrj6156.jpeg lol as you can see they added the best girl
they are probably going to post one per day the series has a rearing going on right now
new republicans want the power so they can abuse it like desantis abbott and attacking their constituents children .
nobody really acted like amber was new to their circle of friends .
a comment about her being the new girl or something would 've been enough to make me accept that she deliberately inserted herself into this group of friends but i do n't buy that she did that unless her and richie had been planning their murder spree much longer than the movie let on .
in its own way i like it more than kranvagn because you can meet lower tiers and comparing to kran you have very little drawbacks
the south has made sure that a lot of people do n't survive or even feel comfortable in the south due to the words you use for people .
not sure people who care about being treated with respect would n't survive in the south is the flex you thought it was .
yes but she dumped a lot of money into his restaurant
these people are literally destroying the city over a book .
fuck off with your whataboutism this is n't like trump whatsoever .
well that 's good as far as the world goes
what i think they should add is personalities that alter your animations when doing things or standing around .
so you could have a smoker personality and emotes for smoking .
some personalities might effect the way your animation looks when running some might change how you sit .
maybe you have a slobby personality and so you sit all slumped .
i also think it 's underestimated how different the cardio is for fighting .
you can be in great shape and depending on how the first round goes still be completely gassed by the second round and once you 're gassed it 's hard to recover that in there .
that 's why i 'm always so damn impressed by the fighters who are known to have insane gas tanks and look like they could fight forever
is this the same case as the woman whose face was ripped off by a chimp ?
if call of duty ever makes a game on the ukrainian war .
they got ta put this as the theme song at the menu .
it 's just a comparison but should n't they be ?
guns are designed to be weapons but can have other uses .
being a weapon is n't the main purpose even if it is possible to be used as one .
and if we are still comparing canada and the us in terms of restrictions canada has more regulations on car ownership than the us too .
it is illegal to drive without insurance in canada not so in the us .
posts under the monday theme flair must be posted on a monday between 12:01 est and 11:59 est .
all posts under this flair must be of an alpha .
betas and submissives may not post pictures of themselves until friday .
all users are encouraged to use the report button if this post is posted on the incorrect day to flag this post for our moderator team to remove it .
users will be banned if this flair is used on a day that is not monday .
any pictures/videos of a ‘straight ' boy getting turned out can be posted under the ‘straight turned gay ' post flair as long as two people or more are present in the photo .
our mission at r/straightturnedgay is to help 'straight ' guys turn into sexually healthy confident and self-accepting gay/bi men .
check out our rules m.reddit.com/r/straightturnedgay/about/rules and our 'healthy sexuality ' https www.reddit.com/r/straightturnedgay/comments/j5090t/find_healthy_sexuality_avoid_a_toxic_life post for info/resources on self-acceptance self-love and how to come out or share your attractions with those you love .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/straightturnedgay if you have any questions or concerns .
she 'll never agree unless you turn it in to a full blown argument first .
do n't forget to bring up her mother too .
people eat wild animals of all kinds what can i say ?
i have n't watched star wars for ages so i do n't know how they hold up .
ikr this hogwart 's is the safest place in the world '' so commonly repeated in the books is such a bs 😭😭 but performing magic and getting to know wizarding world personally would be such an amazing experience ? ?
i scripted its safer tho because i know i would get traumatised on the first day lol
research your date before you meet them go to their socials and look at their hobbies try to come up with an understanding of their personality .
i 'd be very creeped out if a date did this to me .
the whole purpose of a first date is finding out stuff about the other person
the trouble is the industry is full of crazies who think they 're magic
best is when family does it or general pressure towards having children like what am i reasonably going to answer ?
oook mum i wo n't use protection this time sorry '' yes maam i 'll be sure to raw dog your daughter more !
yes dad i 'll tell mark to cum inside oh hey mark ! ''
this is incredibly bothersome when everything is ok but for couples that are having issues it must be awful .
i hope it 's one of those things that gets killed by millenials .
movie x-men we must fulfill charles xavier 's dream of a world where mutants and humans live together peacefully .
comic x-men we must rule over the humans from our separatist colony .
in the meantime i would like to tell you that i like your username very much .
i used to have friends that added tobacco to the joints .
can anyone in the earnin community help me boost my max ?
oh my god dude ... . did they who built the pc use instapacks to ship ?
i often agree with this sentiment but not when the times i 've shot weddings even fairly recent using my 67ii for some of the main coverage .
220 new at prices you 're talking about was sold by the big film manufacturers with automated processes and large volume not a boutique business repurposing cine stock .
yta he 's been asking you to do this for six years .
currently got mine in a solo cup and was wondering if there was a way to keep her at a more controllable size hopefully the solo cup tech works 😂😂
all you would need is some kind of ballast tank filled with water or air like a submarine .
it would absolutely be difficult to engineer but i do n't think the issue would be sinking or floating it .
i had a pair of af track pants that i bought in high school and i continued to wear them skiing for about 15 years .
when a guy is in tune with what 's going on around us .
i 've dated so many oblivious guys that got me in some bad situations because they werent paying attention to that guy that was staring at me or the suspicious car that pulled up next to us .
a man who can read my body language or tell if a situation can turn dangerous before it does is a major turn on for me .
think of the scene in the movie twilight not a fan of the movie but this scene describes what i mean where edward pulls up out of nowhere in his car and saves bella from the guys that were thinking about raping her..his intimadation towards the aggressors and his protective nature is what does it for me .
but i think it 's because i 've been badly assaulted by men all of my life so just thinking of a man that wants to keep me safe for once would be the biggest turn on i could ever think of .
i was n't saying it sounds like the rest of the album dumbass
roughly 1 in 20 people makes 250k reddit is the 3rd most visited site in the country iirc .
new vegas story is wrapped up get a new location
some of the kids are a little freaked out by it she said .
my son to my surprise tells the lady they can look somewhere else instead of at his scars if it 's such a big deal .
i told her it 's people like her that made it so hard for him to be comfortable in his own body so why does n't she shut the fuck up and get out of my face if it bothers her so much than she can get the hell out with her family .
good on you for sticking up for your son !
i 'd like to know if i was an asshole for how i treated her .
this is a terrible relationship dynamic playing tit for tat with finances .
most couples combine finances after marriage so if you 're really engaged you should be looking down that path .
not yours and mine. do either of you realize the damage you do with these games ?
when you do n't help each other out and you 're living off credit you wind up paying more in interest as well as ruining your credit score leading to higher rates again costing you more money as infintum .
you need to learn to work as partners as a team .
you seem utterly unable to do that so perhaps you 're better off as coparents .
loneliness is one of the worst experiences a human can go through .
it has extreme effects on mental health and physical health .
it can lead to multiple problems some can even be life threatening .
please please please do n't think you are a loser you 're not .
this world is a cruel cruel place and there 's nothing we can do to change that .
if your best friend in the world was in your shoes and felt the way you did would you cal them a loser ?
you 'd probably try your best to help and comfort them .
treat and speak to yourself the way you would treat and speak to your best friend .
kindness to ourselves is so hard and there 's a thousand reasons why it is .
you have it in you to be kind to yourself .
just lonely and it 's completely ok to feel lonely .
even if i 'm just a stranger on the internet and this means nothing i 'm still going to say it .
you can grow and become the person you always dreamed of being .
i 've had something similar to this happen to me and i 'll reiterate what the other commenter said call the emergency line your psychiatrist the hospital whoever is gon na answer the phone just do n't wait to see your therapist .
if you were n't in a mental health crisis you would n't be having these thoughts
he was the number one terrorist in the world who bombed nyc .
that 's kind of big deal here in the us .
she did the conservative thing and was like trans women bc she did n't want to acknowledge trans men as men
this may be a hot take but i personally think that byleth is the most slept-on character in ultimate and it 's not just because of mkleo bias .
byleth has a broken-ass tool for every state of the game that rivals the best of the best ... nair for neutral up-b for oos and off-stage down-smash for shield break and down-air for spiking at the ledge .
their kit is n't obviously broken but if you really stop to think about it ... it is .
not sure what byleth 's weakness is at any point in the matchup .
up-b for the spike or down-air if they have a predictable recovery .
the only fighting should be on the ice not in the seats
whichever drunk wanted to play his pair the most loses to the other players straight .
yeah as an explicit fuck you '' to russia like i said .
the statues were mostly viktor yushchenko 's doing during his fight with the socialists .
besides bandera was much more of an anti-polish nationalist figure than a pro-nazi one .
i do n't recall a single situation i 've been in where i thought you know what would improve this situation ?
a random dude with a gun and an attitude . ''
but i 've never had cause to call one .
i thought the snowy white grass looked cool for a single rtts game but no more than that
i said you shouldnt trust that they arent just because some official '' said so bro
you came and your movie has n't even started .
and if you like scanlines you will love it .
it looks almost the exact same as a pvm with scanlines on .
isaac asamovs science is very digestible and easy to manipulate into a sci-fi universe .
his journals and papers are beautifully written and can be understandable within a week or twos time given the proper time spent to understanding the jargon .
osvaldo alves drills but it would n't help you improve your technique for the reason that the dummy would not react correctly .
for example if you are drilling arm bar from closed guard you would always get the arm bar every single time .
however you would not be able to get the real reaction of the partner pulling his arm and stacking you to defend the arm bar while you transition to another submission like a triangle .
if you really do n't have any way of training bjj ie .
you can not come to class and you do n't have a willing partner then dummy is a good alternative .
but if you can come to class then just come to class .
if you just wanted to spend some 30 min a day drilling but you still come to class regularly the dummy would n't really be detrimental .
it 's just that the dummy would n't improve your action-reaction .
try pulling out the insole and put powder underneath or purchase a new insole .
your post has been automatically removed because your reddit account has less than 10 comment karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/swedents if you have any questions or concerns .
feel welcome to respond 'bad bot'/'good bot ' it 's useful feedback .
agree looks like knemidokoptes a mite common in pet budgerigars .
nice collection but kinda weak you have to turn a shoe to fit three pairs .
why not build shelving that can accommodate your collection ?
u/scarlett-saint-james please ensure the title contains the subreddit name in brackets at the beginning of the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/porn if you have any questions or concerns .
aye send the link to the vid i can prob see who it is
my town since i 've been alive has never been hit by a tornado but tornados this year are getting closer and closer we had 1 tornado warning and 2 tornado emergencies extremely dangerous and deadly tornado just last week all 3 of them barely missed my town .
one of them was actually fake but ya know .
i live in ne arkansas so the cities around me have tornadoes alot but to my knowledge this is the first time i 've witnessed 3 tornado warnings in back to back storms in my town .
i can also chime in as someone else who hates venat .
i had a serious issue with her being the only one left with memory intact of everything we had told her and her doing absolutely nothing to even attempt to save her people and the world she claimed to love so much .
despite knowing who the enemy was where they were and what they were weak against .
i think if the game had not been disingenuous with her portrayal and not tried to gaslight me into believing that her genocide was acceptable '' while painting the ascians who were undoing the damage she had done with absolutely no knowledge of why it had been done to begin with as unacceptable '' then i would have just ridden it out .
i do n't mind a good villain after all and i liked venat quite alot until the post-ktsis scenes .
but the constant adoration and inability to question her inaction and the ramifications of what she had done after we left left me feeling very upset .
i am force-fed this narrative that she was a hero and deserves all my love and affection and yet what i see is someone who just straight up genocided her entire people their world and everything about them all while keeping pertinent information that could have possibly helped them to herself .
she set up 7 worlds to be destroyed and had no contingency plan in place for the remaining shards if we failed .
and she did all this for the sake of someone she knew for half a day ?
not to mention the fetishization of suffering it was so cringeworthy to base the entire reason for this action on her feeling that mankind did n't understand suffering enough and would therefore always seek the easy route back to happiness .
maybe give them a chance to find another way first and it might not have needed to end with 75 of the population and the world being dead and in a state of utter despair and desperation .
i disagree bad deal ... maybe for 300 bucks ... you can buy a new 110lb anvil for 225-250 bucks ...
you could try using the keyboard stock and see if you do n't mind it .
if you 're going to be doing other mods like lubing switches and springs or installing other things i would recommend doing the band-aid mod since you 've already got the board opened .
make sure you have your vent fan on it can get smokey .
with a screaming hot cast iron you 're looking at a sear of around 60 seconds a side .
it does n't hurt to lift and check the meat .
again this is where you 'll have to hone your sv game .
thought that 's why i get so many compliments from men on my big perky butt .
night because not everyone is a morning person and it helps you fall alseep
had to go to the ready care on labor day weekend at a big summer spot .
yeah they told me i would have thick hair in 6 months !
but it 's been a couple months since the appointment and it 's just getting worse i 'm worried they did n't check properly .
it sucks feeling like i 'm not being taken seriously i 'll try make demands too !
just annoying because i had to pay a lot of money for the appointment and now i 'm going to try arrange another .
hope you have better luck with a new derm .
revolve has been my go to shop for like 5-6 years but this whole revolve coachella festival thing is low key kinda making me want to stop shopping on there now haha .
minus kit 's second outfit most of the tagged outfits i 've seen look more like fashion nova to me .
looks way cheaper than it costs which is wild cause most stuff on revolve is not cheap at all !
maybe i 'm just being a brat or maybe i 've aged out of their target demo but imo this ai n't it and cheapens their brand name for me .
bro all zoro has to do is hit him with the end of his sword .
and then most likely proceed to get my ass beaten
15 almost all with jinx duo with lulu not on discord though .
i played the beta and i played for a while after launch .
and i 'm not the only one that feels this way .
one specialist having an ability regardless of what it is with the way the game is means there 's several of that same exact specialist with that same exact ability in any given game you get into .
i 'm not seeing one sundance every once in a while .
i 'm seeing at least 10 of them in every game .
a ballistic shield that blocks literally everything a wing suit an ability to literally see through walls and a grapple hook serves absolutely no one on the team but the person using it .
i 'm not gon na go through everyone but pretty much no one except for angel and falk have abilities that either a .
are n't entirely situational to the point that they 're borderline useless .
no matter way you look at it it is n't battlefield .
the core of the game and systems is n't battlefield and the gameplay feels so shitty that it barely resembles battlefield .
it 's already been revealed that it was intentionally set up and a hero based battle royal game i.e .
the likes of fortnite apex overwatch etc. which is extremely apparent in every facet of the game and it 's design .
from the cringy ass characters with their awful dialogue and special abilities to the barren and wide open maps with zero map and objective flow being indicative of an open map free run design that was n't created to house objectives .
that fan base and those systems have no business being in battlefield and are quite literally the opposite of what battlefield is and how it functions .
rejoice in what you can save and do not mourn your losses too long .
i was thinking of it kind of like a rpg where you ca n't really max out everything .
like are you going all gadgets skill type of build or a more damage output brawler .
if you spec more into gadgets you can take more damage with armor but if if you go more into powers you get a health regen .
with armour you take less damage to bullets and conventional weapons .
with powers you get buffs against magic and psychic attacks since your mind is more fractured .
symbiote spider-man would hit harder but be slower but regular suit spider-man would be faster but do less damage .
side note you ever mix brian and brain up ?
he 's right because at 3-0 snitker put in literally the worst pitcher on our roster in the 4th essentially waving the white flag and he immediately let all the runners score to make it 6-0 .
funny thing is we ended up coming back anyway so a lot of us are wondering why we did n't use our good bullpen arms .
just to be clear articles do n't count as documented evidence ?
is the same for me whether i 'm with someone or not .
is like a wave of loneliness sweep through you and you ca n't do anything about it .
you are lonely but you want to be left alone your body feels like a shell and your soul is just puppeteering it .
you think an actual warlord did not call for the conquering of nations ?
unfortunately your post was removed as it violates our rules
rule 10 no social media links or personally identifiable information .
please read the sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/aww/about/sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/aww/about/rules before posting again .
if you have questions or concerns please message the moderators through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/aww subject message .
dwight gets 5 freebie buckets free throws every game from luka alone .
tldr dogs bad for food horses good for food but west filled with cowards and hypocrites
they rule their turf protect their colors and back each other up no matter how awful a brother is behaving .
i had a training sergeant actually tell me this the worst crime you can commit is popo .
sentence from beatings to on-going fines to death without trial or appeal and no statute of limitations .
that was a family member and a supervisor and trainer in a 'liberal ' city pd .
nearly a quote as it was years ago but it blew my mind .
mmmm i 'd love to tie you down to the bed and use you over and over .
i 'd make you into daddies personal little spermbank .
continuously getting filled even while your breasts and stomach swell with pregnancy .
i think of visenya as a sibling who is protective of her brother the king .
she was the one who created the kingsguard after all .
she was not afraid to be forceful or dubious .
a talented fighter and willing to be pragmatic that 's bloodraven .
daeron 's main weapon was diplomacy and possessing basic common sense .
it would be wasted on him and suits brynden much more .
buy your mother in-law the puffer/bong card for christmas .
if she still does n't get it then leave your wife .
it does n't need to be all long speeches it needs to be a real point by point debate with flexible time given based on the points being made and with skilled and neutral moderators who can keep it that way .
this would heavily disfavor both parties because vacant talking points and whataboutism would n't be nearly as effective so they would never agree willingly .
in america the average car is heavier than a rav4 ?
i know you guys had giant cars but i did n't know they where the norm 😬😬😬😬
forgot malayalam marathi as i was too young when i learnt them
except this is n't really a middle ground issue this is more of a why the fuck do you give a shit issue .
happened to my mother too and it never really registered until i became an adult .
i better get that video you dumb old slut .
you are worthless the only hole that 's probably even worth fucking is your ass your pussy must be used and you 're hiding your face so you must not be hot .
actually when you send me the video fuck your ass with something .
so rapebait if you do n't have a video then take one .
i know you 're just a dumb old cow so take your time reading this .
but girls do n't have problems when it comes to writing only 6 feet '' or dumping someone because of heirgt .
lets say if i self test c but not supervised art am i allowed to delay my booster shot ?
in what way would i get him for free ?
like would i eventually come across an event that offers him up for a challenge/battle pass or would i have to have opened an ungodly amount of chests that it would be uncanny to have not gotten him
hope there 's no deodorant to mess them up either
command conquer all of those are in a bundle on pc .
i simply can not try to read this on my phone but i 'm sure my boy radahn came out on top so thank you for clearing that up
years back when i 'm in college i just wan na kiss my bestfriend s 😅 still i do n't think that 's weird and i 'm okay with that .
my work friends used to ask why i do n't have a boyfriend now i 'm too old and they ask why i do n't have kids .
it 's really too bad your bro had to make you feel shitty before he left he 's got to be feeling extremely stressed tho .
i wonder what he would say if you told him what you would n't do if you had four small children !
hang on in there do n't drink everything else will fall into place .
a tdh female who uses spooky particles and is a specialist in guiding people ?
this would n't happen to be a certain female who died from the atrekna archeorevision attack was used as a zombie '' soldier during the black cauldron event was resurrected in an atrekna research facility by lady k helped fight a war in heaven and is known to hang out with our favourite ringbreaker the digital omnimessiah and assorted apostles both new and old ?
it could n't possibly be that she like vuxten has started to hear voices and has taken up her mantle ?
has peel lifted a lantern to guide the lost and forsaken home ?
you can join the libby add sign up for your library and get rent books for free also audiobooks which are perfect for eyes that get tired .
instead of getting high i read or listen to books .
in one of my all-tme favs cool hand luke .
i commute on bart every day it 's not that bad .
just look at the seat for obvious grossness before you sit down same as any city .
it was n't just ask anyone who lived through the yeltsin era .
looks like what came out of my nose after my sinuplasty .
see the right most info screen for the amt that is reduced by and decide if that is worth it .
you used the item 'three-handed sword ' and did 17 extra almighty damage .
it was such an interesting read and even though i know who oliver stone is i did n't know of platoon .
my problem with caldera as a ps4 player is the visibility .
r/promoteonlyfans is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/promoteonlyfans if you have any questions or concerns .
sorry melody_tiny your comment has been automatically marked as spam and removed .
you 've posted links that are not approved on r/fitnakedgirls and the comment was removed .
write it back without links and it should be just fine .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitnakedgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
barton played 30 minutes and was 10 jokic 26 in 28 minutes .
you can pretty much offer any dim sum items from the to go counter .
we love their rice noodle with shrimp as well as with beef
on a related note we got some spare ribs and shu mai from 99 ranch the other day and they were just terrible .
i would not recommend their dim sum items in the morning .
two month old account with one post sharing breathless hyperbole about a buddy who got his car broken into twice a night every night and four times on sunday ?
is this an astroturf campaign for that gross dipshit shellenberger ?
drug manufacturing is a known risk factor for brain tumors .
i would look to the local pharmaceutical manufacturing or the parents ' occupations .
yes you do go to the rav and they let you choose the alv .
but after that i only had contact with the alv about such a matter .
rav only ever cared about me sending out enough cvs .
rav did n't even know about me not getting my money they only said they forwarded my documents and after that it 's all the alvs decision .
maybe this is different depending on the alv rav .
i did clarify and then she accused me of being a racist and comparing violent crime to diversity .
if it 's casual do n't bother with these variants get an m1 13inch my mrs has that and it 's very stable .
unless computer science requires a programme i 'm not aware of ?
given all the nuances in his responses and his attempts to compromise over a month it does n't seem like he ignored her .
it seems like he tried to meet both their needs and there were a couple from her side that were irreconcilable so he tried to meet his need in a way that he thought would impact her least .
if this post fits the purpose of r/programmerhumor upvote this comment !
if this post does not fit the subreddit downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules downvote this comment and report the post !
the second is like these girls from twitter that put 1000 different mental illnesses despite just beign very dumb and not sick on their bio just to feel unique .
it 's missing the backplate and the button to collapse the camera is missing in these photos i found it but this is the first camera by minolta with the name minolta to be released to the public .
some info attributes this first to the original semi minolta but research by andrea aprà alongside a japanese translator found that not to be true as the semi minolta was n't advertised until a couple years later .
for those who do n't know quick history lesson the company 's original name was nichi-doku shashinki shoten or japanese-german camera shop. then it changed to molta then chiyoda kogaku seiko and then minolta camera co. in 1962 .
i 'd bang ya op and i am a straight man
neither of my banks do medallion stamps and both claim they were phased out .
apparently one has had luck sending in documents with proof of account ownership direct deposit forms etc .
idk about you guys but the one thing that makes me go oh help no not in my back yard ! is multi-family housing .
i feel like i just read a transcript of an apoplectic seizure .
people mount up tvs and want the wires hidden .
instead of running a low voltage plate they did.. this
russia already twice conducted terrorist strike within the czech republic killing two people and caused nearly billion czech crown damage .
not to mention they have been threatening us for years and we were declared as their enemy next to usa .
there is no love much and 1968 occupation is not forgotten .
very much appreciated once or twice in addition to bosses mini bosses and tight platforming sections .
lucky me i do n't play hu tao cuz she feels boring to me
if only people would give it a try before they say it 's bad
same experience btw i love it and glad you enjoyed it
everyone who says that microsoft 's window management is superior does not really know how to use windows and just wants full screen apps everywhere
is microsoft supposed to be apple in this case or am i missing something ?
hello thanks for sharing in our sub unfortunately your post does not satisfy rule 1 title the name of the cosplayer must be included not self '' oc '' or me '' more info .
https www.reddit.com/r/cosplaynation/wiki/index wiki_1_-_why_do_we_need_the_artist.27s_name_even_if_she_posted_her_own_content.3f and the character even if it is self this makes it easier the search for content by our community .
for more information please read the information about the title https www.reddit.com/r/cosplaynation/wiki/index wiki_1_-_title
when i lived down south gas stations had killer food so no judgement .
yo calm down i was laughing at myself dude .
that would be valid if castilla had a mid-week game too but they do n't
blanco should at least be there as an emergency option imo
while amn interesting thread i think this would be more at home it other sub reddit 's .
trauma surgeons are one of the most baddass and knowledgeable docs of the bunch .
those guys work long hour and saving lives on a daily basis
it 's the episode where em tells the story of mary shelley and frankenstein
add different blocks behind where you light the fire ? ? ?
iron bars in front of it ? ? ? ?
foi um prazer diferente levar gol do bilau na copa do brasil
i know you have a lot of options but i 'll leave this here in case someone else looks id love to send you my tampons !
i have unique packaging that keeps them as fresh as when i first pulled them out and mess free !
❤️ can send out as soon as next week !
i waited months to book mine cause the line was busy everytime but one day i got through and they told me to call on wednesday as that is the day they process cancellations so you have a good chance of getting one then !
try to call early morning though if you can !
i think if you have them show your favourites .
it 's am opportunity to talk about something that makes you happy which makes the person asking you happy .
i 'm a person that does n't really like seeing vacation pictures because i have n't been further than 1800km from my hometown in my life but my jealousy is my own problem and i wo n't ask to see pics on my own .
if i was your coworker and you excitedly asked if you could share some photography from your trip with me i would gratefully oblige just to see you happily engaging with me .
i do n't think you 're oversharing at all if the other person opens the gate and asks .
and you 're allowed to talk about your experiences with others .
if you 're concerned about sharing too much pick your top ten or top fifteen .
if you do the index rollover more horizontally than vertically you can whip right into the shortstop .
it 'll keep the flow and make it so you do n't have to close the knife to do the shortstop .
thank you for your submission please read the following reminder .
this subreddit is primarily for discussion among practicing physical therapists not for soliciting medical advice .
we are not your physical therapist and we do not take on that liability here .
although we can answer questions regarding general issues a person may be facing in their established pt sessions we can not legally provide treatment advice .
if you need a physical therapist you must see one in person or via telehealth for an assessment and to establish a plan of care .
posts with descriptions of personal physical issues and/or requests for diagnoses exercise prescriptions and other medical advice will be removed and you will be banned at the mods ' discretion either for requesting such advice or for offering such advice as a clinician .
please see the following links for additional resources on benefits of physical therapy and locating a therapist near you
the benefits of a full evaluation by a physical therapist .
how to find the right physical therapist in your area .
also please direct all school-related inquiries to r/ptschool as these are off-topic for this sub and will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/physicaltherapy if you have any questions or concerns .
considering how ye 's older cover arts and booklets used to be so dope this is a letdown for me but it 's cool you got the physical
yeah i noticed i kept getting very drawn to masturbating but and the nsfws did not help lol and i 'm not big on social media .
i have an extremely high sex drive but found when i go to the gym i 'm just less interested in porn .
i still watch it every once and awhile but i 've concerned myself because there are mental and physical side effects to porn .
semen retention not masturbating can lead to increased testosterone and confidence and numerous other energy boosting benefits .
by masturbating daily you are kind of in a testosterone deficit which can cause moodiness and depression and that started to affect me quickly .
is there supposed to be any difference between the two es variants ?
to me it looks like you just dig for army of the damned and hope untapping with 26 zombies wins the game.i dunno .
hoping for some spicy spellslinging and/or bomb reprints but got greaves and a land instead .
and what the heck is the fascination with hex ?
i 'm way too upset about this than i need to be .
i guess anhelo looked sweet and i was really looking forward for more cool grixis stuff and i 'm now feeling cheated lol .
the drawback is that legends at least established that cloning someone with high force sensitivity ended up with unstable end results .
get this free bundle just pay '' yea that sums up fighting socialism pretty well
it tracks it 's slow it leaves a small bleed aoe and it makes bosses flinch react to a projectile that 's 60 feet away from them it 's honestly still super powerful in pve
we lost my father in law a few months after our youngest was born it hits hard every time we watch it .
i 'd look at oelvn 's or just straight up novels for references .
any translated work is going to have some quirks that english-original writing wo n't have .
va-11 hall-a springs to mind as a good example .
the characters are mostly adults but almost 100 of it is just comedic casual conversations .
why does n't he just jack off in his car like everybody else ?
wife and i went out and about one day last year and on a whim and were like 'let 's drop in the hot tub store . '
we walked out with a hot tub order in hand .
six months later it was dropped off at our place .
in fact we love it so much we bought a new house with a better place to put the hot tub with a great view .
i know that a lot of people regret it after a while but i do n't honestly see that happening .
when i was a kid a hot tub was the ultimate status symbol .
i drive a 20 year old peice of shit truck could n't care less about my ride .
from what i can see they only put out 7 .
and this year i think they have done like 2 maybe .
my mother in law gifted me a louis vuitton bag .
how can i figure out if it 's fake or not ?
i know nothing about designers or their products and she would be deeply offended if i asked her
omg i 'm putting this in my camping pack this year xd
sometimes its just about having fun some people are really into planes .
i have worked for a medical device spine company for 10 years and a rn in theatre for 8 years before that and i would never let neuro surgeon near my spine .
person irl can i have a little privacy please ? ''
i never thought some one felt same like me .
just google search view from insert seat and venue here .
pls upvote some of my other comments plz plz plz
you found a desi man like this ? ? ?
but it was mostly core functionality over gameplay solutions .
so less about character controllers inventory systems etc and more about multiplayer functionality pathfinding solutions debugging tools .
also some small assets particles and sounds for minor background elements .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nude_selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's like he can only perv after what he perceives as pure maidens .
she is just showing tit and be becomes all sad and stoic .
killing it since this is i think my third attempt .
the materials is just a bonus as i have used a lucky voucher
it 's a fleeting thought but how could you not think about it with all the nonsense in the world ? !
just saying the op scenario could very well be old news .
the sound she puts on her s i swear i see the butthole mouth
when that permanent enters the battlefield '' means you ca n't combo this with hallowed moonlight https scryfall.com/card/ori/16/hallowed-moonlight containment priest https scryfall.com/card/m21/13/containment-priest
i guess i will begrudgingly use it how it 's meant to be used .
sorry your submission https www.reddit.com/r/submissive/comments/u71hsb/m30_looking_for_female_sub_pm_me in r/submissive was removed because the post was not long enough to encourage a meaningful discussion .
the title is supposed to summarize your content the submission body is where the discussion should take place .
please note this action was performed automatically and adding characters in an attempt to circumvent this filter will result in a possible ban .
please do not send us modmail asking to manually approve a post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/submissive if you have any questions or concerns .
i bought miya legend skin and to be honest the revamped effects is like epic skin .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/celebhub if you have any questions or concerns .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/twentyplus if you have any questions or concerns .
thanks for your inspiring words guswut also if you want some skins for the game hit me up .
i used to be really into the skin trading business i had over 100 skins .
i absolutely loved lee ross ' creation of zombies in infinite warfare .
yeah what 's worse is that it 's bean the best lightsaber fight in all the three of those movies
a below average fight in any of the movies would be better even kenobi versus vader is better since at least he had form and there was reason behind it .
the sequels just had a lot of back hand slow spinning and honestly a five year old could have killed them by now
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallcutie if you have any questions or concerns .
assume that every project posted is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise .
use tools such as http www.bscheck.eu and https tokensniffer.com to help you determine if this project is legitimate but do not solely rely on these tools .
be sure to read comments particularly those who are downvoted and warn your fellow redditors against scams .
feel free to join in on our newly made telegram at https t.me/cryptomoonshots to discover and submit projects as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cryptomoonshots if you have any questions or concerns .
make a sheet with a note saying fuck your etiquette '' and some images to solidify your point .
well it might be smaller than an inchman but the scale is hard judge .
they roam alone mostly and they are ferocious fighters .
they both sting and bite and they do it at any opportunity .
they also have really nice arrangements like wheeling down a gift from the ceiling
no they said it was 10 days to stop the spread '' and have snowballed it from there .
stretching something that was n't even supposed to last 2 weeks into 2 years might not exactly be permanent '' but it sure as hell is n't temporary .
i dunno if i say you all need to wear this protective gear until this threat goes away '' and then the threat lasts a few years longer than predicted ... the threat is still there .
it 's like insisting on throwing away your umbrella in a rainstorm because you 're currently not getting wet .
the threat is still very much ongoing and is actually a lot worse than before in many regards .
the fact the threat exists longer than we 'd like does n't mean that the temporary measures to stop the threat should go away .
if he did n't know then it does make him innocent .
torturing your little brother is not going to bring back the data .
in the way and ruining things just as i was in life .
hypersexuality i have thoughts of wanting to have sex when i 'm older or now idc and i got sexually assaulted when i was 7 12 and 13
i was thinking they 're using some super prammo lol .
but in the end it has to be this waaayyyy ! !
i was puzzled at first as well it took me a while to figure it out
again it could well be two children for example a 17 year old sleeping with a 15 1/2 year old .
you 're right there is zero context as i said in my original post .
it seems that the author geraldine credited as investigations editor '' has n't actually done any investigation into these 7 rape cases and how the victims actually feel about these resolutions .
instead she 's taken the low road and wheeled out a rotherham survivor when the grooming gang cases have absolutely nothing to do with this situation .
the stories about china are getting just as ridiculous as those about the dprk
genuinely curious how is it possible to break such a tiny fragment from the tip of your phallange ?
they said i do n't know the meaning of sweetest '' .
hey u/joanna_sexy unfortunately your account does n't reach our minimum requirements for posting to our subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/twentyplus if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nude_selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
yea rented cars in langkawi penang bangkok to khao yhai bangkok to hua him but never in kl though so just want to be sure and safe
it 's a feat that is beyond the capabilities of what is already established .
hamon users jumping from being building-city block level all the way to city/town makes very little sense as they have a established point .
this is also an ova so it 's very iffy to even include it .
if someone survives a point blank nuke but more consistently gets hurt by bullets and knives do you still give them nuke level durability ?
db and vs debating in general likes to stay consistent with how strong a character is even if the character suddenly grows much stronger then before as long as it 's consistent then it 'll be accepted hence being buffed .
but one time shows of power far greater then their own would be called an outlier .
bowser and dk makes a lot more sense since we have n't seen a clear limit until that point and they could easily scale to each other and other characters .
rain would stop once you get into your office to say f you .
still better than having play date with this wind though
if a guy did that it would n't just be ignored like that
be prepared to be accused of money laundering and asked what its for if it 's anything big .
not getting to showcase technical skills '' seems to be a general problem these days .
try to apply for smaller companies they usually do n't have as strict hiring guidelines as the hr-driven large ones .
how do we enter for a chance at this proposal ?
this is one of two bouldering areas in our gym and it 's perfect for families .
the kids can do the easier climbs but there are still plenty of difficult climbs for mom and dad .
i mean i dislike sexualised characters but i respect how after the in universe explanation he 's just like yeah i really really like girls instead of some she breaths through her skin bullshit
does it have to be from last season or are previous seasons allowed ?
this was n't that fuji t1 hairpin corner per chance ?
multiplayer seriously needs to introduce a black flag with some serious demotion to the player 's driver credentials tbh so that these people only get matched with their own i sound like some sort of motorsport fascist
i 'm old enough to know what 's enough by feel alone .
reminds me of evangelicals waiting in the wards of sgh for patients who are dying .
they secretly run in and baptise the dying patient to claim their souls for christ before the nurses spot them .
i still dont see how looking at a chart is better than memorizing the changes .
musicians that memorize the chord progressions usually arent consciously thinking about each chord .
it seems to me that getting to the point of playing a song effortlessly is more efficient when you memorize it versus looking at the chart .
jens larsen says if you arent completely off book then you dont know the song at all . ''
have you set a stop in opponent 's pre-combat main phase ?
ca n't relate im happy with how savage fights are .
i think most of us go into savage fights expecting a good design fight and to clear and get loot and parse .
but even after a while it would get meh .
its just one of those subjective t hings to the individual
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kgbtr if you have any questions or concerns .
well lane ca n't be in our ad agency no more .
bait and switch relic can help here a little and just chill at swarm for a while but honestly as pokemononrs said you can get decent consumables from pvming id whack in herb runs between pvming too to help out tryna get overloads 200m farming and still doing herb runs when i remember tbh .
afv shooting a civilian riding bicycle in bucha or shooting pensioners in their car and many other atrocities ?
did russian media explain that the majority of the bombed population in mariupol kharkiv sumy and other eastern cities are the russian population ?
that bombing of russian-speaking civilians by planes and cruise missiles has nothing to do with protecting russian speaking population in ukraine ?
fyi independent '' media means not run or censorship by governments which you do n't have in russia .
you might argue that bbc is not an independent media '' because it 's 100 funded by gov but the thing is that non of the political power has the right by law to influence bbc 's product and actually often bbc backlash against the government .
r/onlyfanspetite is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspetite if you have any questions or concerns .
so you stole the antenna off my 72 plymouth valiant !
i started playing yesterday a couple of hours after making this post
mainly going off what i can find on the internet so might not be true but you can get a semi auto without providing proof of residency in switzerland https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/firearms_regulation_in_switzerland
i 'm not trying to come off like the main character in a beautiful mind but i remember every movie i 've ever watched with previous partners and friends .
sounds arrogant but i do remember stuff like that .
based on the comments it seems like there is a pretty wide range of memory variation however .
it was fine for it to hurt initially but my reaction was drawn out .
with this one he said flat out he was interested in a long term arrangement and that 's how i felt too .
but but i made it clear that i was n't interested in a serious relationship and he said same here.
i did n't read anywhere that the deal had changed .
the way i understand that arrangement it 's very much pick it up when you want if you want but no expectations of an ongoing thing .
i mean important defensive possessions like any 4 qt possession in a close game
whenever i see a nicely modified car the first thing i do is check the tires .
if it 's an all season tire i know it 's slow .
if it 's one of the latest 200tw tires then he 'll probably rock you at a track day or autocross
if you 're still talking about go the io.reader you passed as request.body can track how it 's getting consumed .
stephen the first christian martyr ... was stoned to death in jerusalem in c. 34 .
james son of zebedee an apostle and the elder brother of the apostle john was killed by a sword under herod agrippa in c. 43-45 .
philip the apostle was scourged thrown into prison and crucified in c. 54 in hieropolis turkey .
the apostle matthew author of the gospel of matthew was killed by a sword while he was preaching in ethiopia in c. 60.james the just jesus ' brother was thrown from a parapet in jerusalem and then clubbed to death in c. 62 .
in c. 62 the apostle andrew peter 's brother was crucified in edessa turkey on a cross with two ends affixed to the ground called the st. andrew 's cross .
during the persecution of christians in rome under nero in c. 64-67 the apostle peter was crucified upside down and paul the apostle to the gentiles was beheaded .
mark peter 's amanuensis and author of the gospel of mark was dragged to pieces in alexandria c. 68 .
matthias chosen to replace judas as the twelfth apostle was stoned and then beheaded in jerusalem .
the apostles jude aka thaddeus and simon the zealot were both crucified in c. 72 jude in edessa simon in britain .
doubting thomas who doubted jesus ' resurrection went all the way to india to preach the gospel .
thomas ' fellow apostle known as nathaniel in the east and bartholomew in judea was skinned alive in india or armenia at about the same time .
a ll of the apostles of christ except john all the seven deacons of the early church most of the 70 disciples of christ '' in addition to numerous christians in jerusalem were slaughtered and/or exiled after the stoning of the stephen the first martyr for christ . ''
you can only contact u/tadgeman by sending a message message/compose ? to=tadgeman
comments on this post are automatically removed unless you have have lots of karma or you are an approved user !
this is due to spam and people not reading the rules r/agegappersonals/wiki/index .
if you have low karma or the poster has messages turned off it is possible you may only be able to chat
serious issues if the issue is not obvious e.g .
message moderators about this post https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/agegappersonals subject=https www.reddit.com/r/agegappersonals/comments/u76wen/34m4f_michiganusa_west_mi
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/agegappersonals if you have any questions or concerns .
at least to get an idea of what your on cycle and on dick pills size is .
i was always a idk somewhere like 6-6.5 depending on how horny i am guy but after a few girls telling me i 'm hurting them i decided it was time to remeasure .
if i 'm on a moderate 300 test 10mg dbol 2iu gh eod— so moderate but wet cycle and taking cialis and/or viagra fairly low dosages of each as the side effects from higher doses are counterproductive to sexy time for me i can definitely get close to 7 if i 'm really hard measuring from the top like a good honest man lmao .
like close enough to 7 that it would n't surprise me if i actually hit or slightly surpass 7 when i 'm that bursting at the seams level of hard that i really only get while fucking girls .
edit this potentially fleeting as all water/glycogen gains are unfortunately increase in size is after years of bnc with some higher dose cycles in the earlier 1-2 years and a few less than ideal length gh runs sue me i 'll take it how i please ... in fact these days i take it more for brain health/recovery and injury osteo arthritis recovery/reversal than muscle gain .
nuclear is n't a viable solution to the climate crisis and people need to stop pretending it is .
the only real solution is just a massive expansion of solar power
you must be somewhere in middle east or similar .
yeah i work at a funeral home and did my apprenticeship through the first wave .
well yeah when you worked for em 7 years ago you got an employee discount so of course it was more affordable for you then ya dingus .
yeah i mean superman could just leave hope on the moon .
he 's fast enough to grab her and take her there without her being able to cast a spell on him .
also flash could theoretically take her and leave her in the speedforce before she could react .
ken is interesting cause we do n't know what he 's fully capable of yet .
i do think the anti monitor could just take him to a black hole and leave him there .
first of all cool that you finished a page !
a lot of people are stuck in analysis paralysis and just never get started .
in terms of paneling it 's desirable to choose dynamic size variations that emphasize panels regarding their importance emotional impact .
the first two are nearly identical in shape which feels calm .
you might want to work with diagonal panels too .
your figures ' anatomy and clothing can be improved with studies and by using references e.g .
for starters it helps to make sure that the hands are big enough by measuring their size compared to a character 's head .
the lineart atm has uniform widths which makes the drawings feel somewhat static .
keep it up and you will see improvements soon !
what can you recommend because i 'm finding this unbearable
i work so hard and have hardly anything saved in retirement .
i got a raise and then severe inflation made it so it was actually a pay cut and i still ca n't save because fuck me i have to eat and pay bills .
it 's one thing if she did nothing wrong and one political party was bashing her but ... she literally wrote an extremely insensitive/dumb tweet .
most people agree she should n't have wrote the tweet .
she was dumb enough to put an emoji at the end of the tweet that made many question if she intentionally missed the vein or at the very least made it seem like she enjoyed hurting someone .
there 's really nothing positive any political party can say about her and any news channel/journalist on the left knows better to leave this one alone .
not super high on this one but i think it 's alright .
what people who down on the card are missing about the reanimation effect is that you would almost never want to waste slots on that effect alone but when it is good it is really good .
if the nerfed aven sees play it will be much better at instant speed .
maybe it 's just cuz i 'm an old-school player but i think raffine is bonkers .
what 's hilarious is there 's a lot of talk about how planes have excellent filtration '' and amnesia about all the proven airplane-acquired covid after vaccines were widely available
at least 50 cases of coronavirus linked to surgeon flying from new york city to la independent uk
omicron variant found on flights reveals gaps in covid-19 travel rules wsj
125 of 179 passengers on flight from italy to india test positive for covid ny post
61 travellers from south africa in netherlands positive for covid-19 authorities reuters
a flight just set a record for positive covid-19 cases forbes
yeah i 'm hearing a lot of pro-business pro-capitalist type sentiments from rob lately and it does feel contradictory to the messages of their show .
i think rob is usually aware of the contradiction maybe not in the case of musk but in other things he 's said but despite self-awareness he continues to speak positively of these things ... which is worse in my opinion than doing these things and not realizing you 're doing harm .
glenn and charlie seem to be fully aware and at least a little opposed to that stuff because they often try to steer rob back onto a safe discussion topic or they just seem like they 're conflicted and do n't know how to respond .
what exactly was there even to nail about that role ?
he got just about as much screen time as any other character in tfa .
in tfa he was equal part main character with rey the han to her luke .
just because the character petered out in subsequent movies does n't negate that he did a great job in the first one he was by far the most interesting character and i think boyega gets credit for that .
put down the jaffa cakes and pick up a football
columbia care papa don buds 14.15g 112.00 7.92 224.00 21.2
i would n't either indians are the most racist people i 've ever come across .
yeah it makes the family much interesting to think there 's a bunch of different opinions among them .
she should n't have had to give a second reason and we do n't like your snotty and artistically insecure muas style either .
hmmm i do n't have the energy to do this now but if i recall when i was shopping 212 's that i ruled out 2009-2011 350 's due to a slightly prevalent major engine issue ... but like i said mbworld would clear that up .
why is your husband letting his non mahram friends stay over at your house ?
mmm rune imo is the most talented of the three despite his results being subpar so far .
hi there unfortunately your post did not have one of the required tags so it was removed .
just resubmit and add image gif album or video at the beginning of the title .
we know ... .we 're a bunch of rules nazi 's .
the tags just keep things organized let us set flair automatically allows for filtering and it also stops bots from posting in this majorly oc content sub which i think we all agree is a good thing !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/homegrowntits if you have any questions or concerns .
bans will be handed out if rules are broken .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/speedos if you have any questions or concerns .
if the tybur family knew abot the kings vow why didnt they just tell marley to attack with everything they got ?
bots were the first clue that this game was going to be doa .
they should n't be part of the primary multiplayer experience other than training or practice modes .
that is exactly what they did for avroras ' skin int eh russian event
imagine their incompetence when that guy on the scooter goes by and chucks a magnet bomb on the side door .
literally nothing they can do it 's all security theater .
if someone really wants to get you they 'll get you .
even though it is said 100x a day on here we do n't get hints .
women if you want something from us just tell us .
purse do n't drop a hint to us like oh my current purse strap is getting kinda faded .
and just expect us to know that you want an entirely new purse .
since i 've moved back to colorado each year my allergies and subsequent asthma have been much worse year over year .
if you had an almanac you could predict solar eclipses ... a connecticut yankee in king arthur 's court '' got there first
what 's going on in the ukraine has nothing to do with us
nc here ... feels like your rubbing it in my face had a 4 hr day scheduled for easter ended up being 12 hrs without a lunch break
love your jet black hair and full lips 💋 😍
yeah it got 15w chips when nearly every other laptop in its price range had 45w chips .
there can be a lot of animosity between the old generation and new generation of firefighters sometimes for no real resason .
that can create a pretty terrible atmosphere especially for learning/training .
you load in the map drag on the tokens and that 's it .
never leave your arms extended betty or i 'm taking your forearm home with me
i entered code profile and got an error that the term 'code ' is not recognized ... . '' .
that 's literally when the topic we 're talking about happened but way to show you 're smart i guess ?
lets not pretend the plot reason for this race is some well established long held canon .
their method of creation was actually established in cata 12 years ago .
they were made by neltharion meaning that this makes maloriak his first attempt at them .
they just dropped that bit of info casually in the drakthyr preview video .
these dracthyr are essentially improved maloriaks without his shortcomings read hunch lack of intelligence etc .
i thought you wrote dumb satan '' at first but yeah ... pretty much the same thing
he is right now my favourite player in the team .
there were injury concerns and fitness issues when he first came in but now he is all settled .
he gets that extra half a second when the ball is at his feet and the way he dictates the tempo is mind blowing .
yeah i 'm definitely going to take a shot at it i 'm already going to be asking for a new receiver .
every other ak i 've messed with i can remove/replace axis pins very easily but i have to use a hammer on this one .
act like you 're gon na pull a ring box out of your pocket but instead give her the bird .
my goal for wherever we move next is to have a newer bathtub because the past 3 places i have lived in have had these dated old ones that are painted and that do n't look clean no matter what i do and the grout is always a mess
get the student name their test score for each subject but only the most recent test score in that subject
this is a classic problem and there are many ways to do it
among the results will be this page groupwise max https jan.kneschke.de/projects/mysql/groupwise-max
it details several ahem inventive ways to do it but it 's an older article and nowadays there are more satisfying ways
good let 's keep killing more russian soldiers destroying their military hardware and inflicting pain on their economy .
do they compile live apple data from stolen devices ?
i reloaded the game on hulu and it 's closer now
i 've been waiting for this 🫣 and your not being rude this is your opinion 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
yes the 64 bit update was amazing for the m1 based macs
depending on the map my preferred method is stealing from beavers .
you dont get as much as from other sources but its ready made and usually you can get rare flowers and silica pearls as part of the deal
exactly and it 's not her chosen way to express she 's a lens .
if that was the case they would have done what they did to morty to a random family guy character instead of rick and morty .
rick and morty would prob be just visual gags .
i played for a month at launch got through almost all the content that was out then and came back maybe 2-3 months ago .
i remember using mighty to get through almost everything .
bivette and sevyn got a lot of use as well .
aoe attacks and healing were just rare as hen 's teeth and there were just a handful of 5-stars .
i was playing without a wiki or being on this subreddit though so unsure of the larger meta .
first time i was ever pulled over when carrying the police ran the sn on my gun .
they said all came back clean and put it back in my center console and sent me on my way with a warning for speeding .
i think they messed up transcribing it as it 's supposed to be based on this
all you need is a checking account to start .
possibly a savings account too if that would help you keep on a saving budget each month .
recommend going to a local bank that does n't charge atm fees and has a decent phone app .
you can open both a savings and checking account at one bank .
as your finances get more complicated you 'll add more accounts e.g .
i can not wait for michael to get his ellen yup im gay '' people magazine cover
and as usual the us makes sure to very slowly take its time and trickle out penny 's over a long period of time .
that way we can have more cool headlines spread out .
you know ... to keep reminding the voters you are pretending like you care .
just give them what they need why are we sending joke numbers ?
we are in a proxy war with russia and ukraine being the battle ground .
everyone wants ukraine to win ... .why are fucking penny 's being sent ?
we spend literal trillions on nonsense this year and this is what we choose to go cheap on ?
i follow a low carb diet modeled from dr. bernstein 's book .
for 10 years i followed the ada guidelines for a type 1 diet which were manageable but it took a lot of effort .
for five years i have been low carb and it has been so much easier i can not adequately describe how liberating that change in diet has been .
i get the impression that a whole lot of i 'm a dom is really just an excuse for i 'm an abusive fuckhead with no respect for other people.
i 'm planning to just enjoy my gourde jersey being a snapshot in time .
i would love to know where your mother bought it !
leave the gods forsaken danger noodle alone you slack jawed idiot ! ! ! ! !
bright vibrant colors i 'm dangerous as fuck stay away from me ''
tbh i think privacy '' is the biggest myth that people actually want .
yes some things you absolutely want privacy for but for majority things especially crypto most people really do n't care .
right now 90 of your privacy in this world is already gone .
if private detective wants to find you and gain some basic info about you they can within at least 1 day .
heck i just had a random guy call me about a car i sold 7 years ago ... my car was 5 states away and he was able to get my address cell number other records with 1 day .
monero may be used by some dark net activity but as for becoming some huge adopted currency just wo n't happen imo .
not a woman but had this conversation with my wife/family so maybe there 's some validity to it ?
women typically have a much higher bar for passive anxiety about extreme violence than men because the ability to fight back is so much lower for 99 of women .
so in the same sense that my personal stress and anxiety is hugely released when a real problem is in front of me oh shit this is real and serious and it deserves 100 of my attention right now and i do n't have to worry about what to focus on a lot of women can do this with true crime .
i also personally really enjoy true crime stuff but .
the concept makes sense to one aspect of why women would lean towards it more than men .
darren something you might want to discuss with your bull is his needs after bridget gives birth .
she will be too sore to fuck for a few weeks after and he has needs .
maybe you could sub in to give some blowjobs or something to keep him satisfied until she is ready ?
i do like the idea but i ca n't do that to my well ... family 🤦🏻
fair point i was shocked when i looked her up and saw who she was .
i figured a message from a big timer would be fancier lol .
however the delivery address and name is such that i do n't see how it could be anyone else .
the city and even street of delivery is where the show is being filmed and she 's got the code name of show attn name set dec dept on the delivery address .
it seems legit 😂 and she ordered right before end-of-day so maybe i 'll get the info tomorrow and i 'm jumping the gun .
if i started reading a book and it switched i would n't like it .
hey u/andromet thank you for your post at r/autism .
this is just a friendly reminder to read our rules in the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/autism/wiki/config/sidebar if you have not already .
if you do not see your post you can message the moderators here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fautism .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/autism if you have any questions or concerns .
and what do they do with elon 's money ?
poor production quality boring maps minimal research and no creativity whatsoever to his speculations .
and that 's before taking into consideration his dogshit biases and views .
i 'm half convinced all the hate for shows and movies is n't fans but various state actors testing out methods for manipulating people via social media .
the star wars sequel hate was all driven by online posts that in hindsight look suspiciously like the political disinformation campaigns we 've seen over the last five years ...
she would post a tik tok and then the school that person was teaching at
kinda had higher expectations thanks to their e3 2018 trailer and the aaa games that were subsequently released .
for all the talk of zeta being the oldest halo in the neoteric array it really does n't feel like an ancient and mysterious place unlike alpha and delta halo or the ark even .
343 polished a bit too enthusiastically and scrubbed off some of the charm in my opinion .
the skybox is not as breathtaking as previous halos .
ce had a neat trick of having twinkling stars in the eponymous level .
i 'm sure i 'd have found infinite 's skybox cool too but the static biome quickly drained it for all its worth .
it also did n't help that night on zeta halo is swift and bright just like the remastered 343 guilty spark level on ce .
these are design choices and i am particularly nitpicky about the things i like to spend my time on .
i would recommend you play halo ce and 2 and alternate between classic and anniversary graphics to see the things that bungie did right things 343 did right .
unfortunately as with all human endeavours infinite has its own share of wrongs despite all the prior lessons .
ce on the original xbox was widely praised for bump-mapping which the pc port and cea did not have until mcc added it much later i think 2020 .
attention to small details like these truly speak to the fidelity of the people in charge of production .
bapa 100 paddy 's got a strong accent but braindumb redacted english is its own breed of inept cte alcoholism and narcissism .
it looks like it is your first day here on reddit and on r/onlyfans101
please take today to look over our rules there are 10 of them and they are the same for every subreddit in our network .
you can find the rules a brief faq and the list of subs here https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101network/wiki/index
we also have a faq in our subreddit dedicate to new models at r/onlyfans101brandnew we highly recommend you read it .
if you have questions about reddit you can ask them there .
we look forward to you becoming a regular poster here u/haleestr !
please let us know via modmail if you need any further explanation of our rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
seems like some old guy decided the shit in the old testament was too nasty '' and made a creative way to avoid it .
he was an advocate of spreading christianity to the gentiles .
prior the early christians were only interested in converting jews .
paul insisted that gentiles could become christian without all the jewishness . ''
in the modern day paul would be a marketing genius grifter .
this fight straight ass like dam i knew adam 's would lose but it just felt like a waste i thought that just maybe we would find a fighting manga with no quick fights .
olivia caridi but it seems it was completely creative editing .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
all of this is exceptionally different to the media response however ...
i read your smh on the plane on the way back and also a bit of frankie magazine ...
i 've never seen that much covid propaganda in print media down here except the street press notably ... never .
entire sections of the paper vax-shaming people and stating that we should never have to interact with the unvaccinated and unmasked in person again ... in april 2022 !
it 's like these fairfax etc journalists 🤮 live in a different universe ... genuinely disturbing ... 😳
i am currently being bonked by my cat selkie as i read this .
my friend had a white car he named blanca white in spanish .
also years ago on this sub someone mentioned they named their honda ronda .
but yeahh some people just think cars are nothing more than cars .
my cars were basically my homes away from home .
it 's to the point that i myself am beginning to desire sex less .
i am beginning to care a lot less about it and just ... .. do n't think i want it anymore .
after over a year of trying and trying and trying and trying i am tired .
he will never want me like that and i just know things will never change .
yet i lack the courage or motivation or something to just leave .
i mean i love him of course but i am so sad .
it does not help that he cheated on me and has pretty much blamed me lol .
i definitely was not always a good person i know .
if i were a different person if i were the girl he cheated on me with maybe he would want me ... . sorry for hijacking your post lol .
i just heavily relate to everything you 've said lol
i 'm leaning toward an 11.5 since i can find them anywhere .
part of me wants to go 16 but i bought the lower with the sba3 brace so i could make it a pistol .
they do n't have to condemn you because they feel sorry for her .
i respect your patience and maturity in the situation because i have to admit i would shout it from the rooftops .
if anyone has a problem with the fact that i am having a child then they can leave .
it 's not my fault that you ca n't have children but i can still celebrate the things that are going well for me .
it 's not out of spite for you ... in fact it has absolutely nothing to do with you .
for insoluble fibre quite a lot since it 's main functions are to act as roughage which sort of move the cilia that line your intestines around kind of like fluffing up a shag carpet allowing them to be more effective .
and to absorb water into the stool evenly meaning a nice soft stool instead of hard bits and watery bits .
if it 's powderised it does n't work as well .
for instance gel-forming fibres like psyllium husk can still do their thing when ground fairly small .
no politician is inherently good but i 'd be hard pressed to find a single president who did more with his presidency for the lower and middle classes .
could you make a list of anything else he 's been in ?
people have been fighting for equal rights and against racism since the caveman days .
it 's worse now than it was in the 1800s .
i 'll try to find the link of an recent interview with one the parents .
there are a couple of tech ceos that could be added to the list
for it to called a build you need to sacrifice something .
having soft caps for everything is just gon na be havel mages all over again .
if it were n't for donaldson being very solid at 3b i would include him in this as well tbh .
i always feel so silly but when i 'm at spin at 6 am the bat boys provide me with the inspo i need .
bold of you to say that on the one and only funny clip of family guy
in mo we have a limit on does per county now and a restriction in some counties .
some it 's one antlerless others it 's two antlerless .
i hunt in two counties and between them i can harvest five deer with a rifle .
i do remember the good old days of unlimited doe tags across the state though .
2 yp-80s did recon in italy in march of 45 but never did anything on the front or any combat with enemies
i though it 'd be something like grischef or something
remember when everyone wanted cable bundles broken up so they could subscribe to the channels they wanted ?
as others mentioned the mining ui has been fixed in 3.17 which hopefully will be released soon .
also youtube and reddit user red monster sc has a great video tutorial on mining .
a good prospector loadout is the lancet head with a handful of surge modules but there are many different configurations that people use .
i would agree with you if i was convinced that those people were trying to claim to be culturally irish or italian but not everyone uses the terms that way .
sounds to me like you 're not willing to accept that people can claim to be ethnically something without necessarily still being culturally so .
this is pretty manifest for instance in my area of canada some of us are ethnically french myself included .
if people ask me if i 'm french i 'll say yeah but that does n't mean that i claim to know what living in france is like .
i think most of the people i talk to get that .
and here i am struggling to sign my name in cursive
i swear the older you get the harder it is to sign your name .
before you could read the letters in my name now it 's just a bunch of squiggles
dude first of all when was the last time ramayan was made as movie in hindi so i do n't think you can judge based on few internet trolls
have you considered using more than just your mouth i 'm sure these men would be will img to use anything to help them cum and do you get any form of release
i could lick you for hours than i fuck you hard you are my dream !
i 100 agree both that it 's not okay and that bmi is a trash metric .
and does not take into account actual body mass such as the difference between a body builder who weighs 300 lbs and an actual fat person weighing 300 lbs .
but one of those bodies is praised for being healthy '' and the other is unhealthy '' while they both rank as obese on the bmi scale .
how about we let people exist in their bodies however they see fit and stop equating people 's worth to the number on the scale ?
i had a bmw with an alcantara wheel when i worked at a job that required me to wash my hands often to enter a clean room and my wheel kept fresh for years .
i was on a forum with a bunch of guys that replaced their wheels with perforated leather and i always wondered why i never had a problem .
looking back i honestly think the hand washing was the difference .
wookin pa nub in all the wrong places wookin pa nub
he must be oblivious if u literally confessed to going thru his phone then tells u the story of his ex and the cat .
also u say u do n't care if he talks to her and has a sexy pic.. but are u really cool with that ?
all the stuff u mentioned is a red flag imo .
it was after the war of 1811 and before the war of 1813
the only way i can make sense of it is that since bagman kim has realised she ca n't go along with jimmy anymore .
she 's pushing for the sandpiper money so she can leave him knowing he 'll be ok .
it 's just a guess but it would explain why she is suddenly going down this path .
there are comments even in this post saying kim has changed she wants to bring down the suits but she 's just realised that giving downtrodden people legal services normally reserved for banks and corporations is what she loves most .
and she ca n't do it as a career and remain with jimmy the friend of the cartel.
god aoi yuuki is such a good va so many of her roles i ca n't imagine anyone else doing
i think the winter court would be most likely to have beards most likely due to the weather and to keep them warm ?
but as a bearded man we definitely need more representation please sjm !
ayton johnson and picks for gobert we rocking this trade or nah
just need save in another side mods tray saves like this pic https ibb.co/rfpkr5p
basically when the body of jesus becomes present at the words of consecration this is my body '' the blood soul and divinity also become present .
likewise when the blood of jesus becomes present at the word of consecration this is my blood '' so does his body soul and divinity .
this is called concomitance the doctrine states that since christ is indivisible no one part of christ 's substance can be divided . ''
if you have the same opportunity as musk to be a billionaire then why are n't you ?
you might be able to find what your looking for in this 2021 reddit thread .
bumiputera rights have shaped and moulded malaysian culture for better and worst for decades .
it lingers in every aspect of society traditional practices customs public behaviour and has fuelled extreme levels of racism .
the man in the video was spot on with his description of his race based privileges .
there is a reason why gto ranges feature very little flatting
they do n't have any real project their building .
their sporting project right now seems to be just acquire as many big name signings as possible to make the fans happy ronaldo sancho varane pogba fernandes lukaku di maria etc regardless of if they address the teams needs or fit the system the current manager is running .
i 'm still in the body is adjusting to it stage but even with that i 've had a remarkable decrease in pain .
i 'm really glad to hear that even three years in you 're still finding it helpful !
i 'd gotten it as a desperate attempt and did n't care if it did n't hold out i needed any type of relief .
its the little gems like this that make eso great .
for me instagram never gave any sad vibes as i mostly follow football related accounts of course the funny banter used to rile me up .
for you i think temporarily suspending your account will help .
and as far as linkedin goes i absolutely hate that shit .
once you become a chartered accountant then create or become active on it .
or hear me out we have fetishes that irl ca n't do .
when 's the last time someone had sex with anything with tentacles irl ?
yeah he 's mid tier at best but i love him .
hitler says we are invincible aryan supermen and no mongrel force can stand against us
search up income tax calculator canada '' wealthsimple so you can see a rough guideline for what to set aside .
the wrongest statement i 've read in the last 24 hours .
your post will be automatically approved in 3 min or less .
in the meantime our moderators will double check this post just to verify that it is allowed !
please take this time to double check that your post is following the rules and remove it if it does n't follow the rules or you will be temporarily banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nofeeac if you have any questions or concerns .
truest words ever sucks most people play hut and will support the game because of it and they just pay attention to those people and not us back her who enjoy offline modes more
i have a pic of me and my dog .
i have it so if someone steals my phone it 's my face looking back at them .
you absolutely can tune a car using the obd2 port ... .just not with those shitty bluetooth scanners .
your submission has been automatically removed because your post is too long .
all posts are subject to a length maximum of 600 characters .
this is a subreddit for asking questions if you are unable to pose your question within this 600 character limit then please try and rephrase it or see our sidebar for other recommended communities .
you are welcome to resubmit your post again with a shorter body length .
you will need to resubmit it as a completely new post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ask if you have any questions or concerns .
not really but google and apple have strong tech leaders .
unless he beats aj and usyk he can never call himself the best of this era
hello i 'm curious as to what the end result was .
does not apply when replying to this stickied comment .
what this means please keep any meta '' discussion directed at specific users mods or r/conspiracy in general in this comment chain only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
saudi arabia sucks so bad it did n't abolish slavery until 1962 and people say that even then they were just faking .
that 's the expression you 'd expect from a man who 's seen 100 years of humanity .
pro tip do n't take the ones near the metro station or the auto stands .
flag down ones that are already going empty somewhere .
it is certainly not the norm but much better than chennai in my experience .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
sounds like a pretty decent first dose dude i know you 'll have a great time .
after yard act ended their set you could clearly hear an exuberant fan say you have three more minutes ! ...
it 's gon na happen ! her friend responds with ‘i do n't think it 's gon na happen .
an older couple sat down next to between bands at the sonora stage .
turns out their son djed some edm stage friday night at 10pm .
i ca n't help you but i love her markings especially her tail !
the op lives in a spot where the canines in their compound run free .
meaning the male dog that got at the ops female will not be the first or last dog that gets in .
then there 's the issue of the pups and what will happen to them op also stated that their compound is already full of dogs a litter of pups has only added to that issue .
just call vtv news and they are going to have their time with it
tied for second in the east with the washington nationals of all teams .
god i ca n't wait for the mets series coming up..
in an interstellar burst i am back to save the universe
if you say the word if you say the word then i 'll come running
in the master duel meta discord server there is a plat 1 5 game win streak channel .
someone posted a 40 win streak drytron deck in there .
i am wondering if they coin flip exploited that 40 game win streak ?
its not about offence and hurting the reader that 's the problem .
readers get hurt by all sorts of things and it is up to them to protect themselves .
it 's about authors are able to make their work reach the intended audience .
if an author hates fat people and writes a book that insults them then the author has made a choice about their audience .
if the author is normal about fat people they would prefer to not insult their readers and so a sensitivity reader can help them point out the parts they missed .
the disparities are n't as bad in most other places .
one big problem is the excess of labor in ca .
other than housing ca is pretty cheap because there 's so many people to do the work here .
i was shocked at how much restaurant meals cost in other states and the general cost of everything elsewhere is so much higher .
but the flip side is that workers get paid quite well .
if you wish to be verified and become a part of our community please click here for the instructions .
if do n't post original content but think you have material worthy of our sub please send us a modmail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pawg if you have any questions or concerns .
r/onlyfansasstastic is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansasstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
i love the terrain of chapter 3 but chapter 2 just feels bigger
homies facial features went back to the fucking stone age on that one lmaoo
pretty sure the majority of students in college are adults as well
you spend literally all of your time on reddit whining about people whining about the price change .
get a fucking life and maybe try to meet a few friends you piece of shit
there is a fundamental incompatibility issue in their marriage .
for some people the desire to parent is deep and nonnegotiable .
it 's rough here because she may want kids as much as he does but just ca n't conceive biologically and so he should be kind .
but he is not required to sacrifice his goal and dream of parenthood .
info op much of your own money have you contributed to their ivf a surrogacy account for them or even offered to your brother ?
please keep the rules https www.reddit.com/r/dating_advice/about/rules of r/dating_advice in mind while participating here .
report any rule-breaking behavior to the moderators using the report button .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdating_advice we rely on user reports to find rule-breaking behavior quickly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dating_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
which would you recommend for someone who hates the button/crimini/portobello fare and is open-minded yet never once has enjoyed mushrooms ?
aynen aq atatürkçü kesime oynayan adam kaybedecek inanmaya devam edin .
asıl siz ay kürtler ay oyları çok önemli diye bizi sattıkça zafer güçlenerek büyüyecek .
ha bu seçim pek şey beklemiyorum hatta ikinci tur kk aday olsa ona da veririm ama sonraki seçim net iktidarı var .
yani etrafımda ailesi islamcı atatürkü kötüleyen kim varsa çocuğu milliyetçi ve atatürkçü oldu o sebepten kırmızı akp'lik yapma
eth is a major coin its not a node project .
strongblock thor the tavern are all node projects and are all dying like the daos .
username name means nothing writing what you know means everything .
daos are dead the data says it the community says it even the holders are fudding there own bag saying it ... move on to the next fad and make money .
why would you just let your money sit there and hope for daos to recover ?
there 's like 20 better projects ... just choose one .
if you pair cody with brody you can get codyody or brodyody which is the most ridiculous sounding ship name .
you could also make broco or cobro which actually sound like sensible and kinda kickin ' tbh ship names .
cameron and cody would be interesting as would cody and brick .
if you put cody and harold together you basically get roy and moss from the it crowd lmao
and the u.k. not because you have to worry about being prosecuted but because many of the largest isps block many of the more popular torrent sites .
those shits are nasty they have the shittiest flavors at amazon cotton candy who the hell wants that
is mir schon klar dass es denen um den tuner geht aber ich hab ihn aber nicht angelogen ich hab gesagt wir schauen nicht fern .
wenn er nicht weiter nachfragt is er selber schuld .
cheryl/carol/etc tunt who eats rubber cement as a regular snack and has choke-sex with cyborgs .
and at least i were able to walk out someone like me lost it all .
looks like those black balls that mr incredible gets shot with
they ca n't even make any argument without lying about their base assumptions huh ?
hitler had everything from free healthcare for all to free daycare and even free schooling
also and even free schooling '' lol like that was such an outrageous unthinkable idea .
the idea that women who stayed home to care for thier kids were parasites was rampant in nazi germany also
this is such an obvious lie i 'm surprised there would actually be people who 'd seriously claim this .
i mean i get it if they were honest they would n't get anywhere on the far right .
the ol ' trilemma of being smart vs being a decent person vs being on the far right .
oh he 's straight up insulting sakuraba to his face in the club like virgin stench '' was at best a backhanded compliment .
now i wonder if him running into sakuraba was truly on accident
this is the only correct take on sci-fi and it tells me a lot about others that you 're getting downvoted for it .
nolan makes beautiful movies and has original ideas and i loved tenet but his brand of sci-fi '' notice the '' absolutely sucks at certain points and people are allowed not to enjoy it .
interstellar was a much worse offender than tenet and inception though .
the whole transcend the black hole with love '' all but killed me and everyone i know .
no i did n't want to feel '' it .
for some good sci-fi i recommend watcging high life robert pattinson stars in that one too .
it 's perfectly obscure but its black holes behave the way they are supposed to and there is a ton of understated emotion .
maybe but for a while the beta was the only version that was actually usable with modern reddit wrt things like subs requiring flaired posts
if both of you laugh it 's a joke of it 's only you you 're being mean .
at my childhood church a lady told me to eat raw bacon if i wanted to be an athlete
if i open 2 packs this week will i be able to continue from 4 next week ?
his ego is so totally gone when it comes to fighting that there 's nothing he wo n't do which checks out v for him
i 'll do you one better watch dune part 1 2 together .
all i 'm saying is i agree with op that we will not give money to scalpers .
whether it affects them or if they care or not is their business .
it was that they did n't get the bags in time to pack the april bags .
ipsy packs bags ahead of time and then sends them out after accounts are charged .
they have the bags in point redemption because they wo n't need them until they start sending out may bags .
to pack them in time for use as regular ipsy bags they would have needed them back at the beginning of march .
wait i thought the point of 4chan was to shit talk everyone in the world and screw over people
magnus alone turns the tide of the heresy because it means e money is n't confined to the throne .
he can personally lead the charge against horus and maybe kill or even redeem horus before the pact at molech .
hell big e might be able to save several traitor legions before they go full chaos or at the very least he can curb stomp any of the traitor primarchs before they ascend to daemonhood and thus become an eternal menace to the imperium .
i just started stumbling to the market making area very recently so what i say is based on limited knowledge .
anyhow first of all take what that dude says on the twitter with a huge grain of salt i had an encounter with him and he seemed pretty arrogant about some basic stuff which made me question his authenticity about his knowledge you should test whatever you read for yourself anyways .
to the order book simulation generally simulating an order book is for testing your algos and getting all the stats from fill-rate/slippage/inventory-risk ... and tweaking them in order to perform better in different market situations basically a backtesting with synthetic data apparently some use it for agents learning '' to develop black box machine learning strategies i hear a lot out of my scope for now if even assuming they are useful .
now simulating an order book is a very hard work it is not just modeling the price which in itself is next to impossible thing but also network jitters random server errors both your 's and broker 's and other stuff like this that makes simulating a tough task .
in my limited time researching this area i would n't count simulating an order book a priority for a small group .
just test your strategy live with semi small cash and scale to see when you approach fill-rate/slippage problems and try to categorize them .
this way you will have spent your time better interacting with the real order book .
so your dad had a devil 's threesome with his brother ?
because the gazelle module does n't even have a helicopter flight model .
i cried because my baby was crying and she had the saddest little face and little tears
i 've been pvping a lot all day and i can confirm bhs poke is the new garbage meta that everyone is gunna use .
faced it 5 times today and lost every time .
i just think it 's that funny and way too much about sex .
it really mellows out later and gets much funnier imo
the other option is a fh aswell as it is 3,5 years .
that was the lesser known run dog should have just stayed still
they just want him to be popular to sell skins since everyone likes his design which makes a lot of sense as a business decision .
it sucks since having spent so many games mastering him now kind of seems like a waste of time and he being literally the only reason i still play the game makes this rework a double edged sword i 'll give it a chance but i feel he will become pick or ban with a simple uninteresting gameplay made to appeal to the masses which is the opposite reason i was drawn to the champ in the first place .
riot is in its right to do what it wants with their free game just like i am to never play it again if my favorite champ is gone .
i 'll miss aurelion and maybe league always but will look back positively at all the fun i had playing the game and specially him .
after all all good things must end and their finality does not mean that they were n't worth living .
nach dem was er so alles für scheiße gelabert hat fällt das erstmal schwer zu glauben .
i almost had that ending but accidentally accepted the 3 fingers offering and fucked that one up lol .
rannis quest is surprisingly easy to not bork up as long as you check in every so often .
stuff like millicent and sulvis quests get messed up pretty easily though .
be courteous to others even those whose comments or questions you do not like .
iow do n't be a dick dicks will be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hivaids if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd rather he not return from the grave to haunt us .
i just still find it so bizarre that 's he basically living a life where he literally pretends his child never existed .
thanks for helping me to understand why i 'll have to come to accept this fact .
they 'll only pass healing items to you if they do n't need it at all .
this mod https steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=2634219419 makes it better if you want them to use the grenade launcher and chainsaw .
i also had dinner with his family and i had to excuse myself bc he started licking himself hella loud while we were eating and my blood was boiling .
i come back downstairs to find them about to let him eat their leftovers off of one of the plates we were eating on .
makes me never want to use another dish there again .
it 's even weird to think of reddit as ‘progressive ' bc it 's just a social platform used by millions .
all you need is a device internet and half a brain .
remember to follow the reddiquette https reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-reddiquette engage in a healthy discussion refrain from name-calling and please remember the human .
report any harassment inflammatory comments or doxxing attempts that you see to the moderator .
moderators may lock/remove an individual comment or even lock/remove the entire thread if it 's deemed appropriate .
you 're also encouraged to write down a summary submission statement or your personal opinion in the comment section as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/indonesia if you have any questions or concerns .
your post has been removed due to insufficient demographic information .
we require that you provide at minimum your age approximate height weight gender medications you take smoking status previous and current medical issues duration and location of complaint and a photo if it 's a skin issue .
please include as many additional details about yourself as you can so that the users of r/askdocs can best assist you .
the most common reason for removal is formatting age and gender wrong !
some ways to get the automoderator to accept your post is to include male '' female '' or write the two combined as year letter e.g .
non-binary individuals can use the terms nonbinary afab or amab .
there are also several terms for transgender individuals that automoderator will recognize
please submit a new post https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/submit ? selftext=true text=age 0a 0asex 0a 0aheight 0a 0aweight 0a 0arace 0a 0aduration 20of 20complaint 0a 0alocation 0a 0aany 20existing 20relevant 20medical 20issues 0a 0acurrent 20medications 0a 0ainclude 20a 20photo 20if 20relevant with the required information .
this post has been removed and your edits will not be seen .
if your post was removed in error please post again using the provided link https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/submit ? selftext=true text=age 0a 0asex 0a 0aheight 0a 0aweight 0a 0arace 0a 0aduration 20of 20complaint 0a 0alocation 0a 0aany 20existing 20relevant 20medical 20issues 0a 0acurrent 20medications 0a 0ainclude 20a 20photo 20if 20relevant .
do not message the mods asking for your post to be fixed .
if your question is a discussion question and does not require demographic information please post to our weekly discussion/general questions thread sticked post on the front page .
for any further questions refer to this recent sticky .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdocs if you have any questions or concerns .
germany and france do n't have some sort of ruling power over the eu .
the countries at hand here sweden and finland both place among the largest in europe geographically .
the eu 's force lies in its combined strength .
it might have something to do with her being a gratuitously violent wild child that contributes nothing to the story beyond and pages and pages and pages and pages and pages and pages of wandering around doing dick all while actually interesting characters like cersei get shafted .
i miss when the naughtiest thing our pm had ever done was run through wheat fields .
also u can really see how strong roger was he had no devil fruit just really really good at haki n dominated his era
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post was removed as it looks like you 're asking a would you rather '' question !
these types of questions are not allowed http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 in askreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
in is alright but is n't very practical when you end up binging fxe fucks my sinuses considerably for a few days after so i 've come to learn boofing is a hell of a lot smoother than nasal and also much more easier in terms of hitting a hole .
idk what it is but sniffing it a whole lot seems to have a much higher junkie '' factor .
by far the majority of customers do not tip after the order .
i 've only taken one order that said i have cash to tip '' .
got there and no tip just a dilapidated trailer with a yard full of used diapers thrown out front .
needless to say i will never take one again !
seems to be pretty good at the game but the way they speak is just kind of boring so you ca n't really get behind them .
no hate to drea just curious as to others thoughts !
might depends what your team needs im biased in favor of dragic
did we score if the camera did n't catch it lol ?
i think the tweets are terrible and like another poster commented maybe more of a start here situation where they can then move on to more nuanced discussion
i did n't know what to caption this but i 've never had any aspects of my chart read so i do n't know what to ask about . .
do n't have kids and the dog was n't back there between when it was n't cut/broken this morning and when i found it broken this evening .
i ca n't help but wonder if these giants are up to something sketchy .
there seems to be quite a few of those !
i agree covid zero is n't going to happen but disagree with the premise that covid was this unbeatable magic it was entirely avoidable with simple precautions .
i hope god/jesus reserves a spot because my king you did what other 's could n't do .
she 'll probably find someone with more money than you and i hope she leaves you !
i am absolutely loathing the high pitched metallic screech about midway through .
i knew jack had touched this piece based on that alone .
he 's so talented but he takes it too far .
the star in the upper righthand corner makes it official..
was n't this in response to disney criticizing a bill ?
she went back home yesterday to be with her family
stevie would start landing then go for a weak ass leg lock..
pls upvote ⬆️ join discord ➡️ https discord.gg/3bgrdawaah⬅️ drop your discord name wallet address 🎁
if tori does n't go home tonight i can easily see her winning the game
that bottom line bs always works against the oppressed people ...
every last nation involved with that has ukrainian blood on their hands and on their capital gains portfolios ! ! ''
if you 're hoping that this problem is fixed immediately you 'll have to work around it yourself .
amd has promised a proper fix will be rolling out in the form of a bios update for affected motherboards .
however this is n't coming until early may and that date could slip .
you 'll need a motherboard based on amd agesa 1207 or newer to get the update . ''
people like him and watch him he brings in viewers .
it 's the same reason why your local weatherman has a job .
there 's a recording of her detailing how she would make up a domestic violence situation between them .
i guess nothing compares to you by sinead o'connor everyone forgets about since she owned that song so much we forget prince even wrote it .
i was really looking forward to finding out bardock just relentlessly teased him about peeing his pants .
bro i 'm in australia that shit literally just on shelves at jb hi fi
how many followers does he have on social media that it costs 100 bucks to be promoted by him ?
i do n't know ... it might be time to revisit that relationship us/iran too ...
all that matters is that the name feels good and makes you happy !
common or not if you like it that 's what 's important !
it has more impurities from the baking soda and is n't as high quality
she was saying it to upease you but hardly did she mean it .
people say many things but actions and time show if they really mean them ...
now i will not be saying this hurt you or shame you .
only to tell you the truth as i see it .
the reason she might have broken up with you is precisely this emotionality of yours .
pure '' most often translates to naive not manly enough .
with those words she was coddling you like a child .
but look at the bright side you 've got your closure .
she 's clearly moved on if she 's seeing someone .
varane for akanji ... antony at lw ... kalvin phillips cdm
there 's one part just before he hits the bridge where it looks amazing with the legs tucked but other than that there could be some improvements
violence is n't the answer a majority of the time but some people just deserve a good smack in the face 🤷🏽‍♂️
rolf is wearing the lola pet poncho designed by fuzzywuz knitwear that is still in testing .
i still need to add my giant lama inspired tassels .
your submission appears to be extremely short less than 100 characters so please make sure that it 's within the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/drugs/wiki/guidelines check out our drug knowledge base r/drugs/wiki/knowledgebase or use the search option .
after you 've done a little research feel free to write a few more sentences and resubmit r/drugs/submit ? selftext=true your post .
you can also re-post this and include '' i was unable to find information on this in r/drugs/wiki/knowledgebase .
of the post to exempt yourself from this rule .
users breaking the rules and using this bypass will be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/drugs if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's always sluts to take home from the casino .
edit downvotes already ... must be from the maidenless neckbeards !
i do n't think consensual sex in prison is necessarily a problem and i think we should crack down on prison rape in general no matter the genders or sexes involved .
now on the other hand if we sent trans-women to mens prisons as they are now holy shit dude the amount of rape would be insane .
if it 's too complicated kids likely wo n't be able to draw it .
other comparisons are 1 is the emoji/icon easily recognizable in detail or 2 is the flag easily recognizable from the distance
keep smoking that fentanyl except for next time just die
did you use the same speedtest for your pc and your phone ?
because sometimes you could get confused due to different transfer speed units .
maybe the speed test on your pc showed the speed as mega bytes per second and not mega bits per second ?
redeemed villainesses and former enemies of green heroes who are empowered by otherworldly powerful gems .
you can find youtube vids of parkour in ub .
well i do n't because i 'm 14 and that would be morally and legally wrong .
but i 've heard parts can get pretty nasty pretty quick .
i 'm not saying it should be do n't immediately after but maybe a few hours after .
assuming you do n't get gross throughout the day .
i 'm not too familiar with the gemological/rock hound terms but i am very familiar with the geology of the rocks .
in a geology 101 sense you have minerals which have a crystalline structure and then you have rocks which are made of one or more minerals .
all the stuff you noted have a rocks comprised mainly of quartz .
same here man i use phantom knignts replaced rhongo with requiem dragon .
they can do a similar thing with arc rebellion he can get super big like 12k for otks going second and they 're both dragons .
just to be sure are you saying that it 's unfortunate that the blighted king will not get away with it ?
government could regulate companies that overstep their power with speech too
how long did it take you to get to this stage ?
currently considering buying in to this as i exercise a lot anyway .
sure but the economy being awesome benefits like 15 of the world .
companies and stockholders make record profits while refusing to increase wages/benefits etc .
inflation is the highest it 's been since 1981 .
the economy is only really good if you 're on top or super concerned with the profits of large corporations .
eta used to be that when a company made record profits that money went back in to the company in the form of raises bonuses expansion etc .
if it says gluten free '' on it it 's good for you !
oh shit nurse that was a hell of a hit lol .
i 'm not sure if you mean reddit or some other site is really a part of this but reddit is definitely the one that actually asked the question .
kunis explained that she was in ninth grade and pretty 14 '' but she told the that 70s show team that she was going to be 18 '' which she does n't consider a lie since she was eventually going to be 18 .
march rosé f rye m brie f kobe beef m caesar salad m kale m charlotte it 's a type of cake i learned this from gbbo f jasmine f
june went with plants lily f rosemary f ivy f dahlia f basil m ash m rowan m alder m
july noelle f eve f for christmas eve may f for may day memory f for memorial day independence m nn indy martin m for martin luther king jr. day george m for president 's day aka george washington 's birthday pâques/pax m french for easter
october cherry f coco f honey f ruth f from baby ruth reese m from reese peanut butter cups heath m from heath bar henry m from oh !
to be fair it was n't clear it did seem like he meant the united players at the time .
i have a sensitive stomach and metformin made me absolutely destroy my toilet for about a month .
my advice is to start on a low dose of extended release metformin and gradually raise the dosage after he gets used to it .
take it at night when he can enjoy the privacy of his home bathroom .
i do n't have a smoking problem dude it just calms me down
sadly this is like my 5th box and they have gotten worse !
i 've ended up having sex every single time that i have gone night swimming .
had a threesome with 2 of the hottest girls in school in a private pool .
lma can space the floor better than claxton and drummond to add to that he can knock down free throws .
the floor spacing for the half court offense sucks right now .
they depend too much on kd and kyrie iso plays to work everytime .
buy a burley trailer and have her tow you around
we actually started from last night first episode only so far .
ngl ... a little spooky and gorey for me .
interesting premise but we might have to take your suggestion to wait until a confirmed s2 .
do n't want to be scared of my windows at night for no reason lol
this is a result of people losing faith in the holy scripture .
r/onlyfanscougars is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanscougars if you have any questions or concerns .
we will not reply to modmail messages similar to what is reason my post was removed ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
and they can use the pictures with her to blackmail anyone they want to .
i totally agree with the ' out of the comfort zone ' .
i have used my weights more in the past 5 days than i have since i bought them over a year ago .
i took rad 's class today first rad workout first 20 minute non-bodyweight strength class .
i feel great ... today tomorrow might be different honestly this was the boost i needed to take more strength and non-bike classes .
without price signals what inputs do you feed into your computer program ?
they called a timeout with 0.9 on the shot clock
as someone who has interviewed people i actually notice that people who claimed higher past/present pay unconsciously increased their value in my eyes .
it 's kinda fucked up but i think it 's a human nature thing .
maybe the successors were all chosen because they have something fundamentally different about them that only the guardians could see .
like everyone in the world has a yellow soul but the guardians are born with blue ones or anything like that .
right now guardian t does n't possess that ability because they are brand new in their position but they can set out on a journey to find them .
they follow clues and rumors about a weirdly strong traveler that can lift more than 3 grown men .
after some convincing and a near death experience the new m guardian accepts their role and helps t find c .
c could be someone that takes on the burdens of their village someone that is seen as a champion of the weak that jumps in to help people with no regards to their own safety and it somehow always works out .
you could even have t venture into the deep forest in search of some ancient creatures that have knowledge of how the guardians are actually chosen and t gains a deeper understanding of why they were chosen and this unlocks more of their own abilities .
you can change it to news '' meme '' guide '' competitive/discussion '' highlight/luck '' or fan
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/masterduel if you have any questions or concerns .
fuck i thought i was gon na be the only one 😂😂😂😂
while we were looking from jan-march they were unavailable everywhere that would ship to canada and i feared the worst .
might have to pick one up just to hedge against my 1430 .
it 's been like 2 weeks since your last genocide please sit down..
bud my fiancé and i were living in eugene and i roofed during the entirety of that .
i 'm from alaska originally and bud i 'll tell you what that was the scariest shit i 've ever experienced .
ivebeen meaning to do that with target places of birth
there 's a difference between a radiation incident and full scale nuclear war .
presumably dust ash and smoke from thousands of detonations and their resulting firestorms would encircle the globe in a nuclear winter and drop average temps enough to kill off most plants and animals .
it 's all fine and dandy right up until any such time as said animal needs any urgent/immediate/even moderately expensive/sometimes even basic medical care .
if love and attention warded off fleas cured chronic infections mended broken bones etc .
seeing people who are having a hard time for various reasons looking after themselves with an additional dependant does n't particularly fill me with warm fuzzies .
if it were a child i 'd like to think most people would have at least a hint of gee that 's kinda fucked up '' regarding the situation .
ahhh you can almost feel the complete lack of fucks given
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nude_selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
we invite you to check our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/femdomcommunity/wiki/index for helpful tips and resources on kink and femdom .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/femdomcommunity if you have any questions or concerns .
my ex girlfriend started talking about astrology on our first dates .
i 'm sure there 's plenty of ways to do just that😈
i have just finished deathnote litteraly just now and i got this notification and im not even in r/deathnote
i have worked in politics for over a decade and have been fairly entrenched in the research for as long .
in terms of mobilizing voters it 's about 0.2-0.4 increase in turnout from a cold text a number you do n't know from an organization that has never contacted you .
it is about 0.6 to as high as 1 for a warm text from an organization whose list you have opted into .
it really does reflect real life behavior that 's the whole point of running a rct it is impossible to determine otherwise if you are seeing something real especially for numbers this small .
0.4 is really small but send it to 100,000 people and you just earned yourself 400 votes for the small price of a few hours of pressing send on an app and about 10/vote which is an exceptional value compared to most campaign expenditures .
almost all studies measuring ads are not very good because there is so much noise .
internal trials from parties have very different research than the stuff that shows up in academic literature utilizing pre/post surveys with addressable tv and prior to google ending targeting that made it useful for campaigns pre/post surveys on pre-roll youtube ads .
but suffice to say tv ads really do work whether it 's positive or negative does n't seem to matter bad ads do n't work or even lose you votes regardless of whether it 's positive or negative .
door-to-door also works but has to be done correctly to achieve scale and keep it cost-effective .
i 've run a handful of paid canvasses and volunteer door knocking programs so that is also in my wheelhouse .
amazon and mcdonalds do n't randomly text us because they ca n't !
otherwise they definitely would given how incredibly cheap it is it 's not like they do n't bombard us with messages reminding us they exist every 10 seconds .
the nanobots infested in the corn syrup of all le food you consume .
they track your every move and send it to le true\_reddit jannies escape while you can and get them out of your skin
its only manipulative if it 's a lie imo .
yeah i know i work as a programmer and made some games as a hobby and seeing somebody say only 1px was needed to make it a body shot just sounded really dumb
make sure it 's full it should be close if not on the top hole on the dipstick .
also the transmission fluid has probably never been changed if it 's an automatic if i were you if you do n't wan na do it yourself i 'd take it to a mazda dealership .
take it to a mazda dealership to have it drained and filled .
other mechanic shops most likely will fuck it up and use the wrong fluid or flush it instead of doing just a fluid change which will destroy the transmission .
which is why i ca n't stress enough to take it to a mazda dealership to have it done .
yes it might cost a bit more but it will for sure be done right .
the lifetime transmission fluid mazda claims is n't true .
for example i was talking with some people my dealership when i was buying transmission fluid and they said they recommend it 's changed every 20,000 miles .
after changing it on my mazda she shifts so much better .
one way or another the less fortunate bear the weight of fortune for the fortunate .
my favorite part was the pom keeping everything topped off in the mana department .
i was where you 're at 25 years ago .
when my wife beating father left our family i thought it was when my life began a massive decline .
many years later i realized it was one of the greatest things that ever happened to me ...
i 'm not a genius or something but y'all need education
religion can definitely play a big role in culture but culture can also influence religion .
christianity is very different in mexico compared to germany and kenya and its been influenced by culture in every nation .
but christianity has also changed the culture of those nations .
😊 they only habe played with the stitching so i had take on both a sock 🧦
at the next day they start to eat drink and play again 😊
i could be wrong but i feel like goalie interference works a bit different after a rebound because it could be said he was going for the loose puck.
i agree it was the right call as much as i do n't think it should count .
it was n't worth the risk of facing a pk at that moment .
but i do n't take cyanide because thanks to the scientific method we know that that is fatal .
your take is akin to seeing someone who is allergic to peanuts go into anaphylactic shock after eating a nutty bar and you are like hmmm i suppose nutty bars are poisonous '' .
yes scientists are human but that is why the scientific method is so important .
i also find it hard t believe that the scientific community all across the globe are all coming together to collude on green lighting a faulty vaccine .
if you want me to address your points then i sure will .
the vaccine does n't prevent you from getting covid so it is absolutely possible to get covid multiple times even with the vaccine .
it is even possible to get covid mulitple times without the vaccine .
i ask you how do you explain the overwhelming majority of covid hospitalization rates being from unvaxxed people ?
i 've heard people complain the opposite that the local ward did n't reach out to them when they moved in and as a consequence they felt unwelcomed and fell away from the church .
or that they were grateful for a ward that did reach out .
i 've been on all sides of this and all i can say is that it 's hard to know what 's the right thing to do .
honestly east coast prices are n't even that crazy when you consider that most dealers selling that shit are just people getting packs from la that someone bought from a dispo .
at 100 people be making like 15 profit after paying their plug lol
8252 we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out qualifies you for contests .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
idk if you wanted to emulate saejima i feel like you 'd have to be the irl hulk
hi i really love it can you provide a code for me
nah she 'll just go buy from a army wife 💁🏻‍♀️
lol someone in the crowd shouted thanks for the donuts ! ''
honestly if you compare maxey and holiday this year they are incredibly close .
by the numbers holiday is just slightly better than maxey on both ends of the court .
i suspect that if maxey continues to develop he 'll be better than holiday in the next 2 years .
ascend her lvl90 if you can 90/90 weapon lvl9 or 10 burst improve artifacts all except feather and circlet
guess you do n't know the definition of insurrection .
you did n't see that angry mob storm our capitol and try to overturn a fair election ?
8252 we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out qualifies you for contests .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
if you are selling weekly calls on a stock you want to keep you wo n't be keeping it for too long .
the best way to to do this is when conditions are optimal stoch d 90 using other ta ... then you write a 15-30 dte week otm call option like with a delta of 15-20 .
you might get this situation 3-6 times a year ... and it 's equivalent to getting a juiced up dividend .
you might make an extra 5-7 year doing that .
you might go months without writing a call option .
i think there is this notion that you should select a strike you are comfortbale selling at ... but in reality you are doing this for income and you would be upset if you ever had to part with your money .
that 's normal ... that 's how most people feel when they sell premium .
but for god 's sake do n't write weekly options ... that is idiotic .
have you built up any kind of tolerance to it ?
we remember someone posting anushka kajol and others as well .
this post has been submitted by known spam account '/u/granolasalmon ' .
this post has been reported to the subreddit mods .
please also report this post so this account can be banned .
this bot is currently tracking 552 active spam accounts across 24 subreddits .
never actually managed to get to the date '' part so i figured it 's just never gon na happen and gave up .
i 'm not somebody any self respecting woman would wan na date anyway .
it 's definitely hindering you in games where you took cypher over a controller when your team did n't have one .
like in this game https tracker.gg/valorant/match/4cf53095-9f30-4a42-b042-891c10467cf4 ? handle=requirements 23na1 and in this game https tracker.gg/valorant/match/a86bc404-8d1b-4762-ab0c-fda79925d1f8 ? handle=requirements 23na1 you should 've chosen a controller instead of cypher .
even if you only know the most basic obvious smokes having a controller is going to make the games way easier than not having one .
well it was n't my fart and it was n't loud by any means quite the opposite but i know an amazing tale of a fart that got a classroom evacuated .
that was a wild day and my sibling was the culprit .
i like michigan but i 'm a chargers fan first .
i truly hope the bulls win the chip so the lakers look like the dumb fucks they are
if there is any danger to life or health the doors come off quite easily with some power tools .
however if someone is just trapped in the car and not being crushed or in a percerious situation it is best to take some time to find a way to release them and still make the car repairable afterwards .
looking to join a crew that actively replaces its inactives ?
fun chill eager to grow members with an active discord .
we focus on helping one another with the game giving advice memeing and just having fun while trying to be the best we can
we like sharing our raids mostly the rare flans .
it 's not a mandatory thing for you to share your dessert but you 're always free to join in on the fun .
login daily and contribute to all guild daily activities a very simple do n't forget to hit the attend button we all want our free vis ''
that you care about guild wars to participate every day and to seek improvement in your squads .
do n't come applying if you intend to neglect your vision cards .
prefer that you use discord for announcements and communication purposes
screw it imma just use this on an ahsha deck even thought it does nothing im so pissed cuz its aesthethics rlly suit an ahsha deck
slow down you can heal for 12 points in 1 turn ?
pacquiao chocolatito ggg de la hoya márquez de la hoya although his resume is deeper if you include the past 30 years .
ballistics and calibers aside a semi-automatic rifle regardless of its scary features is far more effective at killing than any assault rifle ever will be .
you 're argument against mine falls apart when i let you know i think those should be banned as well .
also you pretty much have no reasonable argument for having mass killing weapons other than they 're fun to shoot . ''
you can definitely thaw/cook frozen mincemeat but you should n't add anything to it until its at least thawed .
why u cant even see the wound let alone any skull fragment flying
ako si se uhvatio za angular/jsp deo komentara isto bi i sa react/vue naucio samo bi znao nesto korsnije .
mada svakako ne radim web dev tako da me ne pogadja .
problema mea cu consumatorii sunt cei care nu vor sa vada ca exista si problema consumului excesiv de droguri .
multi cred ca le folosesc ca metoda de relaxare insa ajung apoi sa le foloseasca tot timpul .
daca drogurile is intreaga ta personalitate devii foarte enervant foarte repede .
a kid who was raised with an ipad in their face from a very early age .
the parents tend to use it to appease the kid which in my experience leads to behavioral problems as they grow older .
black knight now it 's time for some witty back and forth banter !
et oui la résistance au changement est une des caractéristiques des humains on aime ce qui semble fonctionner et qui établit des liens .
en ce qui concerne les amendes je sais bien qu'elles ne sont pas efficaces qu'elles sont parfois vues comme un coût supplémentaire pour exercer une activité en particulier .
reste donc à en augmenter progressivement le montant après tout si tu veux financer l'état à toi tout seul cela te regarde !
on double chaque année en commençant par une amende du montant estimé des travaux à entreprendre .
and make it soundproof those little brats can be fucking loud .
she broke down emotionally about how she wants our life back together and will do whatever it takes to make that happen .
ironically this break down came almost at the same time she found out i had started seeing someone else
he made her bed she can lie in it .
she had more than ample opportunity ... and now she 's moving on to manipulation manner and nature of which could well qualify for abuse
ample opportunity to fix that and go back she chose not to
surprise surprise it does n't work out for her boo hoo go cheat with someone that knowing knows you 're cheating ... what kind'a wonderful partner would that make ?
does she even then come crawling back to you ?
then you start to actually manage to move on ... only then does she want to further f\*ck you over by saying she wants to get back with you .
yeah ... hell no lest you likely repeat all the above steps again and besides you ca n't trust her she f\*cked over your marriage and your whole family do n't giver her opportunity to do that again .
sure you can probably be civil 'n all that ... but ... relationship ?
if she thought there were issues in the marriage the time to do therapy or whatever and fix that is before the cheating ... not after that ample opportunity to fix it and divorce and new partner thing did n't work out and ex finally gets a new partner let 's f\*ck that up by trying to get back with them nope way too late it 's over .
it 's not ironically '' it 's she 's setting herself up to f\*ck you over lots more ... even if that might not be her intent she 's done it plenty already do n't open it up for her to do it again .
mending things for the sake of having my family back
nope that ship has sailed ... work on the anger/temper thing sure ... but getting back with the ex ... hell no .
do n't know how i 'd ever trust her again
you probably would n't and should n't ... and with darn good reason .
and who the f\*ck wants to be in a relationship where the trust is fundamentally broken/unfixable ?
holy shit tell me you 're a nazi sympathiser without telling me you 're a nazi sympathiser
if i learned something from anime community is that a lot of girls enjoy boobs and overall ecchi stuff that you 'd expect to have male-only audience
so wait wait someone more versed with the situation please explain
because i 'm seeing a ton of parallels here and all of them are awful .
your account is either too young or you do n't have enough karma to post
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/reactions if you have any questions or concerns .
ca n't believe op is n't wearing a gold sweater .
i 've tried this out with jugg pa drow sniper medusa luna wk .
unless your support is some ember spirit or similar i do n't think there will be any issue for them to harass either .
that goes for her as well and let 's face it it 's awkward
i really liked most of the spidey books in the 80s .
hi just wondering.. but where did you found the whfb settings that you deleted ?
i switched to the old experience ... noticing it now ...
mmm that got me thinking because i have been noticing this behavior also ... but did n't had the time to dive into it at that moment .
keqing has this ... emotional attachment like i 'd betray my account if i proclaim another main .
but if you checked the garage has more spots it sounds like a bug in the game then ?
just sitting here waiting for you to get ratioed for spitting facts mate d
your account is too new and/or your karma is too low
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kyliejenner if you have any questions or concerns .
the thing is at highway speeds they are n't that quiet you still get road noise and wind noise .
i uploaded video for a long time you can search for reference
i did find it a little more earthy than the other stick the broadleaf .
but there was definitely an nuttiness to it and full strength .
odin is amazing very fun to use but he requires a bit of a setup .
vanessa is great if you need 33 spd lead or good ad
mephisto is good for the anti revive meta i use him with bastet and double lushen for ao since he also has atk bar boost with skill 2
skip to 4 minutes the angle between your arm and chest is too small you 're sucking '' your arms in and bending them too much .
try to keep your arms straighter and wider feel like you 're trying to keep your right arm wide and straight rotate your chest more and get a lesson !
i have a hard time not opening things so everything i have has little to no value so it 's super cool to have another
i do n't mean it in any bad way but it reminds me runescape .
it 's super cute but if it would be brown it would literally something out of runescape and i would buy it lol .
in the same time they are sending to death mostly soldier from ethnic minorities .
could you mule a coded sword for me and i 'll give you vykes war spear or anything else you 'd want ?
i 've been wearing mine outside because of pollen allergies .
not that it even matters why people choose to wear them it 's their choice .
if housing is the issue being discussed look at the increase in housing prices over the past 30 years vs minimum wage .
take the price of insulin for a fun fact look into why the price stays or increases what it is spoiler they change something in the formulation that does n't increase efficiency but makes them able to avoid having to price against generics while keeping the patent .
anyone that defends capitalism as we are witnessing the complete destruction of the middle/lower socioeconomic class is a fucking moron .
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_6 in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i would like to know about kifflom danger dog and mothman inspiration please .
mmmmmm oh my god this picture got me so horny and hard for you
that tobirama would n't just teleport himself and his team away from the hidden cloud .
like we do n't need a decoy i 'll just hop us all out of here .
it 's pretty hard to creatively ask the goat question anyway
learn to have more empathy for others especially when they are in a position where they are struggling .
there are definetly unfixable people but they are the very very small minority
also ne woche kängurumarkt auf so 1-2 plus die dann nach ein paar herzlichen worten von bullard am 3.mai direkt wieder abverkauft werden
your post does not seem to have a properly-formatted demographic tag at the end of the title and has been removed .
a guideline to proper post title formatting can be found in the sidebar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/samplesize if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fanslysubscriptions if you have any questions or concerns .
the fact that ancient healers can spread the same effect worries me much much more .
ftm and currently experiencing the same thing.. my lo is 11 week now will turn 3 months old on sunday .
this week he started to be fussier crankier and does n't like to be put down although he is clearly very tired .
he wants to be held and cry his heart out if he is n't .
i do n't know what else should i do to settle him down..
some people suggest to let lo cry it out but i 'm afraid it will affect his development mentally .
he used to be easy to handle last week no problems with nap can stay alone for a long time so this sudden change in behaviour interferes with my daily routine chores etc .
thankfully at night he began to sleep longer stretches and only wakes up 2x for feedings which is the only time i have to do chores with tired eyes and aching body .
i 'm having a breakdown because i do n't even have time to take care of myself properly let alone the house/family .
sometimes i cry while watching him sleeps feeling like a failure of a mother for being angry at lo ... .
when have i said the victim of rape is guilty ?
i know the rape victim who got impregnated and gave birth .
it falls more in line with taking all your virtues from a work of fiction then making laws to appease said virtues .
and for mitsuki boruto is a ray of hope !
mitsuki considers boruto to be the answer of every question !
check out these new subs in the sexyplus network ... where chubby reigns surpreme !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
polyamory is a relationship structure where everyone in the relationship is free to form relationships with more than one person at a time .
plenty of people identify with polyamory but people also identify with where they live and their careers and those are n't sexualities .
you do n't realize one day you 're poly .
you realize that you are naturally inclined towards.non monogamy maybe quite strongly and then you actively work to make polyamory happen for you because that 's the relationship style that brings you comfort and fulfillment .
that or you decide for whatever reason that you 'd like to try to see if you could be fulfilled in polyamory and discover you are after trying it .
coming out as gay or asexual or whatever is you telling your partner something about yourself .
coming out as poly '' is you telling your partner what they need to do .
no one comes out as gay and then asks their partner to go through a sex change so they can be gay together .
and no one who has ever been in a position where their opposite sex partner realized they 're gay and came out where they thought well i did some research and maybe we should try to be gay together i 'll get a sex change '' .
tons of not poly people love to write stories and articles about polyamory that do n't amount to much more than speculation secondhand information or some weird sex fantasy .
source the dream i had where i fucked your dad in the 7/11 dumpster
real 437m are forged so it will be pretty damn hard to bend them .
if they 're reps they 'll probably not be forged and hence could bend a lot easier .
if it happens it 's because everything i own is black .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/izk2qwj6a1v81.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
i think 5v5 was implemented to remove some of the strategic importance to tanks making them easier to play and removing some of the toxic behaviour surrounding the role .
if there 's more room for mistakes you 're less likely to get blamed .
a duel roll would n't solve the issue that players just do n't want to play tank period .
this solution tackles both fun and toxicity in the simplest way imo .
i do think though that dps need to be toned down more than they were shown .
it looks to be in the vein of the incredibles ... which for me means it looks awesome
like the overall look here is basic but she manages to look super good
removed your karma score is below 10 please reach this before posting again .
you get karma by commenting on subreddits and people upvoting it .
this action is to prevent spam on the subreddit .
please note that award karma does not count towards our karma requirement .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/clashroyale if you have any questions or concerns .
if you do n't know shit about vore you may think it 's just cute art and that 's it .
so i would say it 's understandable why it was put there but still yikes
take the thing off the end and google tbar rows as backtor suggested .
there 's usually 1 full lobby then one with a handful in .
this morning 6 or 7 full lobbies and a few others half full and that was before 6am uk time .
wonder what the people who actually play aoe must think of it .
either way i could n't get the ‘play with friends ' quest to work this morning .
waited ages tried several different lobbies restarting etc but nothing worked .
check expresshr to double check if you have vaca time my coworker was also having problems with personal hours so it might also be a glitch or something .
i 've already had a pharmacist refuse to give me my testosterone because it went against her morals .
i have had to go to a different pharmacy .
that 's the kind of drastic move people make when they 're in serious legal trouble or fleeing the country or something .
that said i also really hope you get your money .
this whole thing sounds wrong i 'd be so thrown off balance i 'd probably report it if it were me .
they lied to you then to not communicate with you not to come ?
anyway ads are the way to go so i 'm focusing on making them work .
more like be loss leader till we kill/buy all the competition ''
also consistency is hard if you constantly are fatigued and feel helpless therapy try cheyandi
lol 1 game for the season then go back chilling 🤣
greybeards pop all eggs at once to cull via spawn caps .
the one you 're calling a noob is using an advanced tactic .
i have an idea i 'm looking for a team that will work for free at beginning and there is possibility to share revenues later but 50 for me because i had this idea ''
one scene was when they show steven marc and the third personality .
two of the faces '' are just masks while the third is the real person .
then the costumes showed three masks with the first one being the mask we have not seen .
the second being marc and the last being steven .
perhaps this has been explain by the comic version but yeah just giving my two cents to what i have seen .
i am new to moon knight and so far i am liking it .
your post has been automatically removed for violating the rules of the sub found in the sidebar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bleachbravesouls if you have any questions or concerns .
even if i 'm only living to my thirties i 'm still having a decent life with that sort of money
if it has not appeared immediately it requires moderator approval it 's got to be released from reddit spam prison .
this should n't take very long at all and we hope it will never be longer than 90 minutes but we ca n't be around 24 hours a day .
the community rules https www.reddit.com/r/gayskype/about/rules are often updated and you should check them periodically .
members found to be posting against these rules or the reddit content policy https www.redditinc.com/policies/content-policy section_prohibited_behavior may face an immediate and permanent ban and/or reporting to reddit admin .
thank you for helping us keeping this sub up and running happy gayskyping !
24 athletic skinny looking for joi soft dom verbal no face lolilolhahaha
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gayskype if you have any questions or concerns .
it is nice to be proud of usa for a moment .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
darling you do n't need to change for the phone !
he was in a british comedy sketch show suit you sir suit you oof .
me with just 7.7 cr without jc but 230 cd 🙃
i played j league event cup 1 i modified kawasaki formation and players and saved
when cup 2 and cup 3 unlocked i only went to load the formation and everything was as i set up first time
you have hips like a little boy and shoulders like a man .
guys with baby faces assume that a beard can help them look more manly but it never does they just look like a baby with a beard .
irs nothing to do with the fact the only people leaving ukraine are women children and old people .
no men of fighting age are leaving that 's why people want to help it has nothing to do with skin colour .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thick if you have any questions or concerns .
i know it 's kinda off topic but this made me think that actually sports games are a good place to use adds in free to play experiences similar to when you watch a real game on tv .
if implemented well using the banners on the pitch screens repetitions hub etc .
it could be interesting to advertisers and could give you enough coins to buy some players to keep you interested .
of course i 'm no businessman so do n't really know .
in order to eliminate spam we require a minimum account-age and comment-karma .
these minimums are to deter spam and are not disclosed .
please try again after you have acquired more karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/panties if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's a brush off it 's i still do n't believe that this is not a choice i 'm just choosing to judge your choice as wrong '' .
still refusing to accept the whole part of who you are '' thing .
clearly the helicopter made a vertical ascent at break-neck speeds and ignoring g-forces and strain on the construction and laws of physics instantly evened out horizontally for miyuki to catch her .
it 's not a typo that 's exactly how it 's supposed to work when you shift from summing to averaging .
the idea that a car manufacturer can render my car inoperable whenever they want to complete updates '' i may not consent to is exactly why i will not own a tesla .
what in the actual fuck has gone wrong with america that this shit is considered acceptable ?
depends on what type and if i 'm able to do it
it is a tournament match as far as i know ?
the winner of it faces the winner of cole/ishii in the next round ?
and the kids learn the same behavior and the cycle goes on and on .
i 'm a teacher and i 've seen it numerous times over the years including in my own classroom .
this makes glad i did n't pony up the extra dough for the gen 3 .
i kinda thought that for me 6x was more than enough magnification and so far i absolutely love how solid the gen2e is .
my first lpvo and could n't be more impressed so far .
thr silent excuse is usually it 's okay because they 're not actually re ... ''
did n't figure you or any of the people downvoting would blame the democrats for doing a more extreme version of what you claim is destroying democracy .
i do n't know what you 're talking about .
i hope you can get your feet under you .
if you ca n't i 'm sorry but i 'm going to have to step in and do some work .
i will be working on this until the new year is over .
i will let you know when i have more updates but i know i 'm not the only one having problems with it .
i will be contacting the mods of the subreddit to see what can be done and i will be in touch with the moderators of r/legaladvice to see if i can get some advice .
i will be honest i 'm not a fan of r/legaladvice .
i do n't really know what they 're for .
i have no experience with this sub and i 'm not sure where to start .
i know it 's a lot of people who are just very knowledgeable about something but do n't care about it too much and do n't do anything .
the mods are either very busy or do n't even check if someone has any advice .
i will be honest i do n't really know what to do here .
i do n't want to move forward i want to stop living my life .
i want to stay the way i want to be normal .
i know what you ca n't live in this life but do n't lie to live like this .
all i said based on my knowledge of the game was that it seemed unlikely someone would risk a powerful account getting perma banned and gave the benefit of the doubt that he could possibly do it as i managed to clear two nodes before giving up on it because it was kind of tedious .
because the guy was stronger than me i assumed that maybe it was possible based on my own experience .
as opposed to the current alt left propaganda that 's going on in twitter ?
i knew most did for wannabe sadboy and godkiller but not for op as well .
sadly ps3 is only for markets where ps now exists .
ps now never launched here in aus so we 'll get some other tier with ps1 and ps2 titles though .
i loved syphon filter but it 's pretty rough nowadays .
this video is 10s long how did you come to that judgement ?
with the new patch carrion retaliation aow is a great option and you wont feel dirty doing it .
ib out of qmul is not impossible but it will be substantially more difficult .
take this time to perfect your cv/cover letter for spring weeks .
you would be surprised how many awfully written applications get submitted by 18 year olds .
you are clearly gunning for the wrong girls and then complain that they act the way they act .
advanced ai to start with but michael afton his remnant at least seems have a sip in tampering the ai 's memories or antivirus which have the failsafe to shut freddy down if the antivirus or ai disagree .
and the 1983 bite victim 's is michael 's brother and michael is victim of 2023 bite .
regardless the said intervention are not enough to let their memories into the animatronic let alone fight the ai .
that 's why he mentioned nothing about gregory 's apparent similarity with bv nor affected by it .
it has opoponax labdanum violet and patchouli so i expected a dry dark woody scent but i actually get a red bull-type tutti-frutti smell very uplifting and quite delicious
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/greatview if you have any questions or concerns .
he does n't have a name it 's just that one scene so u can probably just rewatch he has weird star things on his head
find a cafe at the airport and read a good book .
if you leave you 're gon na miss your next plane .
if you reeeeeally want to see sydney i 'll happily send you photos .
it 's like that couple you know who split 5 years ago and just finalized their divorce .
maybe but it 's also a good representation of the 'new player experience ' given many new players do n't have an 'experienced ' friend holding their hands the first few times they play .
him running into various bugs and making 'typical ' screwups is both more representative of what a new player will experience rather than effortlessly bypassing the common bugs and making the game look more polished complete than it actually is as well as showing that getting bitten by bugs does n't have to mean the end of your gaming session and that you can work around them etc .
it 's hard to break up with someone like that .
r/onlyfansbusty is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansbusty if you have any questions or concerns .
i work for a firm that has strict finra rules and had my job threatened when i transferred to computershare .
i know 3 more gme holders at my firm that can only use fidelity
tarsus is really the only boss that is n't easily manipulated and is rng heavy .
none are really hard but he 's probably the harder of all of them .
in europe they would call that a free cheese royal
so you 're suggesting the guest call airbnb and say i did n't read the whole listing and do n't agree with the host 's judgement and when i tried to overrule their judgement they did n't explain their reasoning promptly '' .
the host probably wanted to cancel them when the change request came in but could n't because it was outside the no penalty cancellation window .
if the guest did n't like the change declination they should have cancelled not expected to jam the change request down the host 's throat .
yeah it 's weird but discovery shareholders would not have agreed to the merger otherwise .
basically att 's stankey did not feel comfortable managing a media business and he wanted to clean up the balance sheet a bit .
from the very beginning of the merger with warner apparently there was some real tension with the att executives .
they 're just very different businesses and i think stankey wanted no part in running a media company or getting any blame if it failed to perform .
i 've seen a ton of gore on the internet mainly sourced from r/crazyfuckingvideos .
honestly seeing the thing itself was n't that bad .
it was just the feeling of seeing something highly illegal .
do you guys do security through obscurity by renaming file types too ?
oh if we rename this .zip to something else they 'll never extract it ''
and i 'm clearly arguing with someone who would rather trade insults than actually discuss things .
narmer is a unified faction of the whole solar system under ballas ' control .
and for real if she ca n't find it a little bit funny that the idea of sex with her made you so nervous you immediately had to poop ? ?
i 'd think it was hilarious after i 'd opened the windows and lit a few candles .
the bon determines your scope of practice not your employer .
with that said your employer can make whatever policies they want as long as they are n't making you practice outside scope .
they can restrict your scope if that 's their policy you do n't have to work there .
i think if you go outside of policy and there is a bad patient outcome you can actually be liable personally .
the institution is n't going to want to authorize any sort of nursing judgment because then the institution would have to take responsibility for that judgment .
join this community r/kiksextingg r/kiksextingholes r/onlyfansvenz r/kiksexting0 r/sweetnudes r/kikgirlss r/kiknudes1 r/kiksexsexting join the telegram group https t.me/joinchat/kzuweib09pa0mwix
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/f4m1 if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's amazing haha it 's so hard to draw on whiteboard ! ! !
otho must have been so surprised ending up as a blood-bank for a freaking android .
stroke of genius cutting off leash 's head though and keeping it in a backpack heh .
anything and everything you like wow yummy sexy tits and perky nips and yummy oh so sweet delicious pussy
i always think snape 's problem with neville comes from his pure blood issue and regrets about that .
it 's hard to see his opinions about the blood issue at the end .
i think the way he treated neville is closely related to both the pure blood worship and the regrets he had for lily .
google images goes off when you type officer jenny and some very um ... interesting key words into the search bar 👀
sometimes i forget about his passing because he does n't always have good opportunities to handle the ball with our guard depth .
but every few games he drops a dime that jb or spencer could n't even throw .
every time he drops a dime like that his ceiling gets an inch higher .
anyone who has seen the texts between francis and ramee know that francis has most likely already had sex with ramee lol
all over that pretty face of yours letting it drip to your tits 🥵
mystevarn and baran are big winners from this rerun the former an alt blackbird pairing and the latter a dark damage powerhouse easy double cap can even quad cap with 3 10c .
also matorif being a nice 7x6 swap for rainbow along with cleric active or melty but for 3-color awakening instead .
huh i mean ive not heard of this but ig
it will be checked by a moderator and approved if it does not break any rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thebatmanfilm if you have any questions or concerns .
any government work will be always away over due.because of extra safety precautions to ward off any possible lawsuit and to milk it as long as possible .
then you throw in some management and logistics fuck ups and now you double the length .
is apevote down from the last time it was used ?
i can not see the bacon must have lots of bacon
if the armor is custom made for their anatomy i would say yes but normal gear like made for the rest of the game would n't look that great to me their wings seemingly phasing through the chest piece would be infuriating .
there is a reason why the majority the cosmetic armor we have seen that is part of their customization is mostly aprons their wings need an open back .
if you care about fashion focus on the visage and treat their true form like druid forms a necessary shapeshift for combat .
man the way you play ... you should add some jack johnson songs to your sets if you have n't already .
i think your tone will make his songs pop way more !
else all parties involved have a stake in the copyright actors gaffers costuming ... .
i 'm glad that you can shut your eyes to the rampant child raping in the catholic church .
i wish i had it in my power to shut out the screams of children being taken advantage of by the priests they trust .
i would love to see a video of how to actually do it because i 've mangled my sushi the two times i 've tried .
everytime i tried cloaking in the mirror match to get away from them i kept straight up dying
lol we have very different opinions on what desirable means
yeah spending money and not even getting the unit you want does suck big time .
i spent about 200 trying to get a meta unit in revived witch did n't get her and also just quit lol .
do n't know if you 're aware but the devs showed snapshots of the wildlife already on steam
i remember my biggest lib friend believes in progressive change in theory but generally is against any real change i.e .
centrist incrementalist years ago said hey i 'm woke i get it . ''
made me understand how that word is just a buzzword that can be used for anything .
hi 105_sakaje i am top 0.1 with 10k paid subscribers..
i 'm offering shoutout on my onlyfans page to help you grow and promote your platform .
i will post your photo/video with a link on my onlyfans page .
as someone going through something similar i think you nailed this .
she 's probably been heartbroken by so many boys in those 3 years she 's moved on .
i really doubt she 's still harboring such negative emotions .
or if she is an apology will at least be a cordial interaction after so much time .
and if you care about her and like her as a person why not have her back in your life to some extent ?
sounds like she did n't do anything negative to you you just deactivated .
if you do reach out you probably need to think through what you want in terms of a relationship going forward so you can express that clearly .
assuming she 's open to it or any relationship at all .
a scheibe leberkäs diagonal halbiert und in 2 laugenecken mit an süßen senf .
most of the run down zeds and uaps southbound on gunghalin drive before franklin are gone .
someone also took out most of the pococks afterwards .
a set of 3 downed uaps have been stood back up but are looking very sad and bent afterwards .
thank for your submission on r/thethiccness for all degrees of thiccness .
r/chubbygirlsgw a body positive sub for chubby girls and those that love them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thethiccness if you have any questions or concerns .
u/ascensioncontent your submission has been automatically removed as it is on an unrecognised domain .
if the domain is found acceptable it will be manually approved and added to the approved domain list .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hotwifetexts if you have any questions or concerns .
was per person death rate is basically as good as it gets globally .
lots of humans are still superstitious lots of humans are still racist and xenophobic we have a bunch of nukes pointed at each other over imaginary lines on a map .
i do n't even feel safe living on this planet as a human .
i always try to do this but i get too lazy and end up watching them months after the finale .
yh me too hopefully after this arc he does some training .
same i was gon na buy both but then i saw the price like 80 nah
there is also some evidence that there may also be a biochemical neurological element to dysphoria .
so if you are a cis man blockading t and going on e may actually induce dysphoria in you .
she saw the word free on the front of the cart and then stopped thinking
something i want to add in addition to their take being bad everyone in this thread is getting mad at kenny and even shaq when they are literally defending a point that chuck brought up .
y'all just wan na guzzle chuck 's nuts so bad that you ca n't admit that he maybe had a bad take
no way you typed this and said yes this makes anew
we paid 700 for a task rabbit to deep clean our whole house and they did n't even clean the floors lmao
your post has been removed due to insufficient demographic information .
we require that you provide at minimum your age approximate height weight gender medications you take smoking status previous and current medical issues duration and location of complaint and a photo if it 's a skin issue .
please include as many additional details about yourself as you can so that the users of r/askdocs can best assist you .
the most common reason for removal is formatting age and gender wrong !
some ways to get the automoderator to accept your post is to include male '' female '' or write the two combined as year letter e.g .
non-binary individuals can use the terms nonbinary afab or amab .
there are also several terms for transgender individuals that automoderator will recognize
please submit a new post https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/submit ? selftext=true text=age 0a 0asex 0a 0aheight 0a 0aweight 0a 0arace 0a 0aduration 20of 20complaint 0a 0alocation 0a 0aany 20existing 20relevant 20medical 20issues 0a 0acurrent 20medications 0a 0ainclude 20a 20photo 20if 20relevant with the required information .
this post has been removed and your edits will not be seen .
if your post was removed in error please post again using the provided link https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/submit ? selftext=true text=age 0a 0asex 0a 0aheight 0a 0aweight 0a 0arace 0a 0aduration 20of 20complaint 0a 0alocation 0a 0aany 20existing 20relevant 20medical 20issues 0a 0acurrent 20medications 0a 0ainclude 20a 20photo 20if 20relevant .
do not message the mods asking for your post to be fixed .
if your question is a discussion question and does not require demographic information please post to our weekly discussion/general questions thread sticked post on the front page .
for any further questions refer to this recent sticky .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdocs if you have any questions or concerns .
red currants are the project at the moment because you ca n't just buy them fresh here .
i want to be able to see the comments and submit one if i want .
but we should at least be able to view them .
just walking is probably the most appropriate response for someone actually in that position .
the way you 're thinking of responding probably sounds good in your head but that guy has a career to think about and probably does n't even want to be seen with him and for good reason !
even heckling about his shit music performance kinda plays into his idea of going on the show to rehab his image .
walking off makes his appearance less effective because it reminds '' people that he 's toxic af .
used to be called simps cause they looked like homer simpson 's mouth lol
i have to say i vastly prefer ones like these and most men i know do as well .
that being said if it does n't look like a disaster area down there it does n't really matter much
goal wise would be to tone up or try to
if you live at jane and sheppard or rexdale how is the downtown location more accessible than the weston and finch ?
the benefit of these suburban courthouses is that the alleged crime would have taken place in the jurisdiction so it 's all the more likely the person lives close to wherever they got arrested .
it makes no sense for the hearing to be downtown when the alleged crime took place at weston and steeles .
when people talk about the practical effects they are almost always talking about the 80s one with rob bottin helming the fx .
they were claiming that idols like sana irene and others are for females and should n't be loved by men and it was gross and wrong if a man liked these idols
if they 're going to be behaving respectfully why should anyone be banned '' from supporting idol x or idol y ?
and are you referring to red velvet 's irene ?
if so hope these delulus head directly to rv 's male-heavy fanbase and tell them to take off .
look at how these male-heavy this fan chant https youtu.be/cptgoe4uask is .
and unless you intend to be this embarrassing https youtu.be/jtd2yeo4wfy i do n't see how being male no supporting rv or irene etc .
unfortunately most of the targets i would like to give them at that point were already gone
meditation is about feeling better it 's not about your personality or training your mind or allowing concepts of impermanence and ego and attachment and suffering dominate your awareness .
remember you do not have a monkey mind you have a human mind .
well if you are maybe trans or maybe not trans i 'm sure everyone will agree that you are hella valid either way !
nina simon i put a spell on you but i 'll call it original for readability
those sha1 checksums of the resulting files put the original and the product as bit-for-bit identical within a pretty astronomical realm of probability .
the compression algorithm is tailored for audio eg using the same test file from a 52m wav i got a 49m zip and a 32m flac but fundamentally the behaviour should be that of a zip file you can stream you can start decoding before you 've ingested the whole file .
would appreciate it if you could fill in mine https uva.fra1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/sv_ej8eojx6imubtdm ? q_language=en
yes same device as other poster said tacacs for admin access to the device itself radius for users and devices vpn auth 802.1x mab etc
they knew it would be worth the investment because if the show stuck its landing people would be rewatching it for generations .
what they did not foresee was that the show runners would absolutely botch the landing so poorly .
ca n't even blame them after dnd built up so much good will for the first 4-5 seasons .
do you think i should switch the entrance reducer to the next larger opening size ?
they had a slow start with rainy cold weather but it 's finally nice out for them to get out and forage .
they have a 1:1 feeder and a pollen patty inside that they 've been enjoying .
i set up a birdbath across the yard that they 've found which is great .
unfortunately this is n't illegal to the best of my knowledge .
it irritates me mentally and physically when people do it to me but it 's one of those things you get for living in a purple state .
to me the crazy frog is just regular frog ''
nah ... this just gives them an excuse to rally behind someone like gym jordan some of the wingnuts have been throwing his name around as an alternative to mccarthy for quite a while now .
i thought this match was totally fine it was a neat idea that was done once which was enough .
instead of saying no that 's wrong ! he just gets high
why are references to common core a reason to ban textbooks ?
biggest differences are selfie screen autofocus especially in photography with eye af
if i 'm not mistaking a6400 battery life might be slightly better also some weather sealing
in terms of visual quality i would say it 's same story here 's low light video test https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=-xgcy5nshmk t=37s i did using a6000 a6300 a6400 a6600 a7iii
when people threaten about plagiarism you know they do n't have any money .
also 150 word excerpts and he already says it 's general content which is a disaster waiting to happen because it 's likely he 'll run that through copyscape and it 's possible that he will find a higher percentage of what would be considered plagiarism .
old man wilson paid me 40 to jerk him off once a week .
dabi is burning the all might statue and everything else around while shouto is standing to charge his new move .
the sidekicks are trying to shield shouto until he 's ready .
dabi makes a hell spider which turns out to be a distraction and uses the confusion to go behind shouto and punch him in the face just as he 's ready to do his move .
shouto falls on the ground and touya is yelling in his face trying to burn him and then to stomp on him .
shouto jumps away but then gets hit with a jet burn and gets yeeted into the tall building .
shouto emerges from the building unscathed which is when dabi realizes that he was absorbing and neutralizing the heat of the attacks .
shouto gets ready to do his new move it 's the one he practiced in ch 336 and we see him with fire across his whole chest and his right fist ice side raised with fire and possibly ice .
the new move is called flashfire fist phosphorus and shouto invented it himself specifically to counter dabi .
we do n't know yet what it will do but he released it channeling his flames through his right hand .
i got my puppy in the winter and i actually think it helped immensely with potty training .
it was so cold that he did n't take 20 minutes to sniff every blade of grass before he went .
he just ran out did his business and ran back in .
i appreciate the work that went into researching the examples .
personally i do n't think they 're secretly alive .
however i do think there is some mystery surrounding why ned did n't bring the bones back i think that 's why it 's emphasized so much through lady dustin .
my guess is that ned could n't bring the bones back because it would lead to too many questions about what happened at the tower of joy and why they were fighting the kinsguard there meaning the kinsguard was n't with aerys .
imagine thinking a project of this caliber is dead cos the subreddit has n't got many active members .
c'mon ... .if it contains the word kindly ... block ignore .
why you care so much about us celebrating that fact is anyone 's guess ...
both ukraine taiwan tibet and israel got attacked by foreign powers that wanted them extinct/take control of the whole area and people the only difference is that israel became stronger than all their neighbors .
we learned this lesson last time there was an uptick in terrorism .
this translated means i love the song more i listen to it .
the cop caused the accident ... creeping into a red light without any signals
please remember that all comments must be civil and helpful toward finding an answer .
jokes and unhelpful answers will earn you a ban even on the first instance .
if you see any comments that violate this rule please report them .
op u/toxon9 check your inbox https www.reddit.com/message/inbox for a message on how to activate your post .
if looking for an item to purchase do not click on links sent to you in private messages and report such to the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/helpmefind if you have any questions or concerns .
craving the symmetry in your muscles ... . that you 'll never have in your eyes .
siis mitä 😅 millä perusteella olisi pedofiliaa eikä tolle itse äidille suunnattua ?
siis seksuaalista ahdisteluahan tommonen on mutta en nyt ymmärrä miten on ymmärtäny asian niin että olisi tota sen vauvaa kohtaan osoitettu 😃
well it does say teenagers so that 's pretty much a good thing
i 'm only half way through his quest rn if i get him done soon enough i 'll tell you but that might be a little while
make it a cool shape fun project and even more fun to skate
these should load faster but amp is controversial because of concerns over privacy and the open web https www.reddit.com/r/amputatorbot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot .
maybe check out the canonical page instead https www.idahostatejournal.com/freeaccess/national-group-now-involved-in-search-for-missing-pocatello-girl/article_52654959-e24c-5c15-919e-b5eb33e8d166.html https www.idahostatejournal.com/freeaccess/national-group-now-involved-in-search-for-missing-pocatello-girl/article_52654959-e24c-5c15-919e-b5eb33e8d166.html
whenever i feel irritated i 'm going to come back and read this comment here lol
honestly most of my clothes are n't maternity and i 'm 33 weeks .
i wear a lot of loose or flowy dresses and i 've found if they 're flowy enough i do n't even need to size up .
i prefer non-maternity because i feel more like myself .
i 've also had good luck with stretchy jumpsuits and rompers the kind that have the seam down the front and no waist so it stretches over the bump .
i do wear maternity biker shorts with oversized t-shirts and sweatshirts .
you 're not limited to maternity if you do n't want to be .
yeah keeping the half instead of finishing the pass keeps imanari turned in until mikey throws the leg over as part of the back take .
the arm around the back and hook grip on the bottom lat keeps the space he needs to enter open even as imanari tries to turn back flat and it let 's him pull imanari over top with the rotational momentum .
there 's a back take from mount against cross collar defense that works a bit like that but this was so much slicker looking .
you should prioritize clinical experience community service and finishing your pre-reqs .
research is also valuable if you can get involved in that .
if you can keep your gpa this high and with a good mcat you can be competitive .
my advice is to avoid getting professionally involved with that dude .
the world of medicine is smaller than you think and something like that can potentially sabotage you in the future .
do n't have my ebike yet but fully planning to ride it all winter like i do with my regular bike now .
live in canada so studded tires are a must .
it 's a blast on the snow and ice .
helps that my work has an indoor bike cage to lock it up .
not sure i would do it if i had to leave it and the battery out in the cold all day .
are yall forgetting steph just signed a supermax with the warriors lol
i would have said yer right thats why i left each kid 1 million dollars in my will
it looks like you 're probably missing the last stitch on every row it 's really hard to see i 'd recommend adding a stitch marker to your first stitch of the row so that you can see where it is and make sure you 're not missing it hope this helped good luck on your project !
i upgraded one decades ago but i remember it being just like any normal computer .
when i talk to someone i 'm going to mention here
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search ? q=title 3alittlerock 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on rss feed for notifications .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search.rss ? q=title 3alittlerock 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
see what 's new https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/about/sticky ? num=1 and newer https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/about/sticky ? num=2
starting here https reddit.com/tsage1 m4f in raleigh to see how long op 's been at it what responses they 've had and if there are any warning signs .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
i like my 10/22 pack rifle and my m p and don'twant to choose ... i guess i 'm in a thruple now👩‍🦰😄👩
as it feels better for me i put my other hand on and start to thrust into your mount as well as bob your head
are you aware of how much land everyone 's back yards added together makes up ?
r/onlyfansbusty is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansbusty if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/vibratorsforwomen if you have any questions or concerns .
one that says kiss my shiny metal ass a lot
there is no pressure at all and no one left behind .
although he has been called blasphemous i find neville goddard 's interpretations and teachings of scripture to be very helpful .
i 'm interested in the gun that is on the table .
our entire batting is terrible against the short ball it 's ridiculous
i just watched varane collect the ball earlier and was wondering what rashford was doing so close to the left back lmao .
the one night hook ups culture is definitely way more advanced than when i went off the market .
and while i do n't need a relationship to have sex again and i 'm not judging people who want to do one nighters i do need to have a bit of trust before i get to sex .
i do n't want to have sex with a total stranger ...
so who knows what that would even look like given the fact that so much first time i meet you sex seems to be expected from a lot more men now than when i was dating 16 years ago .
if i want ice cream on a tuesday i 'm going to have it because if i do n't it will likely lead to me over eating later .
no food is good or bad it 's just food .
there are some days i just do n't want to so i estimate what i ate and log it that way .
it may not be perfect but the all or nothing mindset does n't work for me .
if i am super strict i 'll get worn out and stop trying .
on a good note bet you wont do it again .
she hugs him every day when he gets home from work sounds like he 's getting plenty of validation and love .
cum as many times as you want on me be it my face or my dick .
i think the furthest he drops is 38 to the jets .
thrown weapons at their very best is still worse than everything else
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/vibratorsforwomen if you have any questions or concerns .
i love playing ken so many strings that do 30 damage and he has crazy kill power .
this submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ? ''
reddit does not allow post titles to be edited so if you would like you can post the question again .
please write your title in proper question format and include a question mark thank you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
thanks man women or anything else whoever you are ... u/kale_dai yo man check this out.maybe you can find s/o in there
chef ruft an '' wir haben einen dringenden termin am samstag und die anderen kollegen sind bereits verplant und freelancer bekomme ich auch nicht .
op wollte eigentlich zur familie fahren aber gut kann das umplanen aber dann will einen urlaubstag zurück gebucht bekommen . ''
chef chef das geht nicht du ja am samstag keinen urlaub genommen hast . ''
i do n't have ig nor do i want it but i know it 's somewhere on this sub !
post on craigslist nj cockatiel lovers facebook group also cockatiel village facebook group bases in nj .
i do mean application settings i keep mixing it up with secrets which are in my keyvault .
just need to figure out how to get connection strings etc .
i was n't alive back in the 60s-80s but to me it seems that it was just a part of the free love hippie culture .
people were so repressed before that they just went a bit too far for a while .
the german green party who is now part of our government was openly for legalizing sex with underage kids in the early 80s .
bands like the scorpions had a naked little girl on an album cover .
look for a precision screwdriver set that contains flathead phillips and hex/allen heads .
should have a selection with one that fits trying to use the wrong tools can damage the head of the screw and wreck it .
make it even harder to get out then need to replace and find a screw properly sized if you do n't have a spare .
kits like that are often sold for repairing phones and laptops small electronics .
another thing nobody else is mentioning here is that if you contest a ticket and you show up to traffic court and the cop doesnt no ticket no penalties off scot free .
overwhelming likelihood is that they do n't take a day off work to fight it .
if you do contest a ticket though you do need an actual defense that 's better than i did n't think you 'd show up '' in case they do show up .
ask how long they 'd been on duty by that point if they did n't use a radar gun etc etc .
i think she 's also goddess of rebirth but could be wrong
might have to get a vanity plate that says that 😂
at this point real madrid is my most hated team .
accepting climate change and denying climate change are the same exact thing from my perceptive .
it is not a belief system to accept or deny .
i noticed this years ago with him and rory .
when you 're one of the only white dudes in the cypher of black culture you usually take the humble approach as to not step on toes or be the odd man out .
add cancel culture and you have 2 white dudes who may have opinions but lately refrain because they 're too scared their words could be seen as racist sexist or generally offensive .
g shit joe censors himself and his show way more than the field .
they bleeping out words phrases and sentiments that other shows say without being cancelled .
i also think this extra censor shit sets your show up to be on the chopping block even more because you are indirectly telling your audience that what you just said was wrong like bitch and female being too taboo to say but nigga is just fine .
if you treat your own words like they 're bad then what the fuck you expect people to think ?
it 's called a leap of faith hun sometimes you just got ta jump .
if you feel unsafe about other people knowing you can make it as clear as you can to her before telling her
it 's a ratio but different people can also handle different levels .
it 's not the best way to judge alcohol impairment but one of the easier or only empirical measurements we can take related to intoxication
but if i remember correctly it was a bit tricky to find the app on google play for some reason
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barelylegalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
but mid turn on a slope that thing always just lays over .
i wish it had an option to lock the articulation and switch to standard steering
an entire batting line up which can get bullied by bouncers vs a bowling attack of 4 bowlers who can bowl bouncers
i dont want to know how you have that knowledge
when your guard is down i think we can both agree
in an effort to combat spam this submission has been moved to the moderation queue for review as your comment karma score is below our threshold of 5 or your account is under 48 hours old .
this removal is automated and is only looking at your account age and your contributions through comments not overall karma .
each post will be reviewed in the moderation queue and approved if it meets subreddit rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/suggestmeabook if you have any questions or concerns .
there is such a great spoof video on this i wish i could find it the in and out accent is the best .
naked person running at you with a giant ass axe is some scary shit
the lady in the back being naked while chanting some spells is n't really scary
and hopefully we score a third and then can bring holding too .
does anyone have a comparison on what faux news was broadcasting all day while their favorite ga peach was not remembering anything ?
but why would you do that on a server with 100 players lol just do it with a few friends and use it reasonably
i 've been waiting so patiently since i got back into fortnite for the re skins .
if it 's just friends and you like her and want to maintain the friendship then absolutely do it .
if your gf has a problem with who you are friends with ... that 's a problem
edit satire about threads from 2021 that had 3080 in it and a sub 1.5k price
yeah hope he/they makes it out of the war ok and gets a nice record contract .
i believe if he sang an english version of his cassette song it would be a hit here in the us .
someone did a translation of it on his youtube channel and seems it would translate fairly well into an english song .
i could 100 see that song getting airtime on my local alt station .
the two are not the same although anorexia nervosa is commonly referred to as simply anorexia .
are you saying you are n't people or are you calling yourself stupid ?
you consented to the drinking that was your first mistake
i 'm going to sleep now tho so i 'll reply tomorrow if you ask me something .
basically i like ambiance and so i prefer my audios to have immersive soundscapes .
i can understand how difficult editing can be and i can live without it but the more sound used to communicate instead of arbitrary lines can go a long way .
i can live with basic stuff but the complete absence of anything except talk is pretty dull .
then again the best acting can makeup for that .
i see literally no point in sex if you do n't have a smooch but how a speaker kisses can actually kill it if it sounds wrong .
people like to meme the clippers but that team last year could have imo won it all if kawhi stayed healthy .
i love that podcast 's episode about blues brothers 2000 !
because even though i find the movie adorable and love its music the podcast hilariously points out logic gaffes with the movie and oh my god it 's so funny holy lord .
ty too sent in an order for monday since i 'll be busy this weekend .
hopefully all works out ended up getting some carts concentrates and flower .
i did n't rely on the move i used it like twice and it completely trivialized his second stage .
after that i decided it was a busted move and would n't use it anymore .
we just did brunch at shy bird in cambridge and were able to reserve a spot outdoors .
i 'm a fan since the outdoor dining area is covered by an arcade so even if it rains you can still eat outside .
you typically want your 4 best players starting and your 5th best player off the bench as a 6th man .
that way your bench unit is n't straight up much worse than your starters .
and your starters should in theory be good enough to carry that week link .
make a new submission with just the plain text as the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/skylarvox if you have any questions or concerns .
how is requiring more clicks to accomplish something a good thing ?
one on one it has a 25 chance of succeeding with that attempt
so you 're going to drop the price of the lower tiers that are getting ads right ?
i only read the first 3 when i was in high school .
i saw bob mould open for the pixies in a small venue ‘89 .
if you like watching girls throat cock you 're always welcome on my page 🧡
there isn't any energy rifles like it except the gauss rifle and the lever action rifle both of which perform better late game .
if you think about how much turmoil the arbiter halo 2 had to go through in such a short amount of time he was one of the most religious of his kind and rose to one of the highest ranks possible .
his immense failure cost him his whole life 's work .
he was ridiculed by everyone he respected throughout his career .
he had to rebuild his whole species culture and try to salvage anything possible that the covenant had stripped .
he went from feeling amazing too depressed to redeemed then stressed on the highest level .
lol i always do fifa on the weekends to relax till i get mad at fit champs then quit
it 's not a myth that iud insertion is frequently painful but they do n't pierce your cervix .
initially i had ordered a bunch of them online for delivery and i figured at least one would arrive in damaged packaging from the shipping so i 'd use that one .
but to my surprise they all arrived in pristine condition !
i 'm thrilled about it but at the same time i was like dang this is going to make picking one a lot harder . ''
b and j 's pistachios and americone dream are my weaknesses .
i had to see how far we could take things .
just noticed she was wearing a cross i wonder if it helped .
bears are also really hungry ... why didnt you mention that ?
i mean they surround him with food and release him .
what if we just made the whole week the weekend 🤯
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanschicks if you have any questions or concerns .
if you have n't checked it out already many people find alan thrall 's deadlift video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wyreqkvtvec very helpful .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/formcheck if you have any questions or concerns .
i think that collusion is fine if it 's for bumping into enemies .
you must be really mad because you posted this same thing yesterday
now please play osu with the op of this post
i do n't typically post anymore and i really have n't kept up with the game a ton but syndra 's issue is not her kit its the sheer insane amount of power creep in items for ad based champions .
that being said even now she 's one of the strongest mids in the game if played properly .
syndra has an incredibly high skill cap and is one of the very few mages that do n't stop kiting to cast spells which makes her incredibly strong in chases/retreats .
properly using her q to poke out in lane and snowball yourself is incredibly important .
if you run inspiration 2nd you need to snowball .
if you just go straight ap runes then you can afford to just farm in a lot of cases you 'll outscale if you land good aoe stuns in teamfights .
i stated playing again recently and while i 'm not doing great on a lot of champions i 'm still managing in diamond 1 elo in na to keep a 70 wr and i 'm fairly sure it 'll continue into even higher elo ranges .
i would agree that she needs some small adjustments but her issues are more systematic having to do with the game as a whole rather than within her own role as a zone/control mage .
the only buffs i could really suggest would be stat adjustments armor/mr or base movespeed she has enough damage and enough cc already .
the car running and therefore charging is at 14.4v .
it really probably wo n't do anything bad especially for the tiny period of time that a jump takes .
but this sub is full of overcautious people who just like to read the manual to you .
it 's not advised but it is highly unlikely that the 12v lead acid in your bike is going to erupt from a charging 12v lead acid electrical system .
the bike charges at a higher than 12v voltage anyway just not usually as high as 14.4v
my bf 25m has a step brother of 8 years older than him a brother 1 year older and is going to have a sister in a month or so .
nta i do hope you let the mil stay in contact with your kids .
i know you do n't have to but she seems pretty cool especially after what i take as standing up for her grandkids
we really did n't play wel and only down 2 .
i see you made this post because you want it to be in one of those tiktok 's and therefore it probably wo n't be
ok quick what should companies should buy stocks in before they go up ?
8 plots in 23 days in february 2022 for me on a pool with 410tb and growing .
i am learning stuff today that always makes the day better .
as a twitter shareholder if he 's buying it for any other reason than to maximize the company 's value he can kick rocks .
yeah honestly that is one of the hardest parts of this all .
their daughter was invited as well and their son .
the son as well looked at the invite and did n't respond .
agreed total dick move thank you for seeing it was rude because most think that 's it 's a ok for my in-laws to ghost our daughter and that the onus falls on us to chase down guests to see if they 're coming 🤦‍♀️
being an indian citizen and resident i doubt i can give you recommendations .
that 's why i get red angry when tourists come to my city and actively step around the human poop .
respect our culture and step in it like a true san franciscan .
might also be that those able-bodied young men are those that know how to safely operate the machinery .
and maybe another one for my brother 's toddler .
once they 're in they 're in 'till the end of time if you want .
this also applies to when you stand on one barefoot in the middle of the night..
u/toadlipz85 please verify use this link https www.reddit.com/r/petite/wiki/edit/getverified failure to verify when asked by one of the mod team will result in you being muted until verified .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petite if you have any questions or concerns .
this is addressed in the full text of the paper
'values 20 ng/ml were considered as vd deficiency 23 .
'*the median 25-hydroxyvitamin d3 concentration 18.3 14.6 22.9 vs. 17.1 13.6 21.3 ng/ml p 0.105 and the frequency of vd deficiency 102 63.8 vs. 113 70.2 p 0.423 was comparable between vdg and pg respectively groups table 1 .
my favourite dwarf fortress bug was the shaft of enlightement '' .
sticking a spear into the ground and dropping a dwarf onto it from several stories high would make the dwarf an instant super-legendary soldier .
because the dwarf to put it simply parried a strike from the entire fucking planet .
older than both of you but if family history is any indication i 'm still 10 to 15 years away from menopause .
women in my family start their periods on the later side of the average and hit menopause later too .
dayum perez chill bruh where u going with that speed
so 21g of carbs for 2 double stuff oreos and there are approx 20 servings per package .
420g of carbs per package so maybe 140u of humalog ?
just about every state statute of limitations does n't start to run until the minor victim turns 18 .
i have to keep it for a few more months before diving in so i just wanted to be safe
for me brutalist buildings are just various degrees of ugly .
after scrolling through some pages on google images after typing in brutalism there 's not a single building there i find nice or beautiful .
and a lot of them look soulless and dystopian to me
in 2004 a new york times reporter asked stephen hawking what his iq was .
my guy they literally want to deport any new migrants to fucking rawanda sounds pretty nationalistic too me
if it 's drying out too quickly the issue is with the soil not the plant .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/adorable_girls if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not a war between countries it 's a war between fuel providers and one of them has germany by the balls the russian one .
tried to lick a wall socket cause i was pretending to be a puppy once mom stopped me b4 i became a barbecued 10 year old
not that you owe us anything op but fyi my correct answers were n't accepted today nor was it available in the autocomplete options .
seems like rcb needed the ceat strategic batting time out after the end of over 1
say hello and add a friendly comment to another user 's post on the sub while you wait for someone to comment on your post !
you 're also more than welcome to join our official discord https discord.com/invite/9uudpwbftk to find friends !
when someone contacts you review their profile before responding .
help us make this a better community by becoming familiar with the rules https www.reddit.com/r/makenewfriendshere/about/rules .
report any suspicious users to the mods of this subreddit using modmail here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere or reddit site admins here https www.reddit.com/report .
all reports to modmail should include evidence such as screenshots or any other relevant information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere if you have any questions or concerns .
add some celery and lose the cucumber and you have the cajun trinity .
cook some cajun sausage or shrimp set em aside sauteed onion bell peppers and celery when they get soft drop the sausage or shrimp back in .
add 1 1/2 cups chicken broth not stock and one cup parboiled rice .
bring it to a boil then turn down to low and cook covered for about 30 minutes .
any meat works use about a pound for one cup of rice .
teenagers are doing what they want disrespecting businesses assaulting older people stealing killing each other running away and being found with boyfriend/girlfriend and overdosing and dying because of it .
that 's a weak dad i 'd slap that mother so damn hard .
in the marvel ruins stories the radiation turns him into an undying pile of cancerous tumours that is then locked away and studied .
it 's so annoying how the alt right and take it sound so alike nowadays
i have n't heard of that one before it actually looks better than the one i posted .
can not think of another player that has turned it around as much as him .
i 'm a brown guy in a white country .
i just do n't care if i get the girl or not .
i just talk to them and if they reciprocate i go for it otherwise i move on .
you can only become the best version of yourself .
and it was in one of the cutest kirby games ... ... .
but the antagonist has a unrelenting desire and mission to retrieve this snail set it free and assist it in continuing its quest !
i 'm guessing barring any red or yellows charles will be 5 seconds ahead of 2nd place by the end of the race .
nah man it has to be the exact same as it was the first time .
get back to us when you 've been filling venues for over 40 years .
in my 5 person party of wizard/barbarian/cleric/fighter/paladin ... nobody uses a sword .
started watching it in syndication in the afternoon at 5pm when i was very young so young i do n't really remember what age i was or what episode i first saw .
i know the first time i stayed up to watch an episode live was season 9 premiere the city of new york vs homer simpson .
i remember i would get ask my parents to record the new episodes when they first aired on vcr from then on because they aired at the same time as the wonderful world of disney on abc that i also wanted to see and i 'd watch them the next day after school .
i think i stopped doing that around season 11 .
so it a 2013 r line that loaded from the germany .
the puddle light were apart of the power folding mirrors .
taken it apart is fairly easy and it was plug and play .
i made sure to by cam-bus error free led 's .
i also ordered the dynamic swapping led mirror turning lights .
but yes i agree people that were barely able to afford a mortgage before are going to have a very rough time in the road ahead
very anecdotal that 's reliant on shardmates and matchmade opponents being ass as an slkr user i 'd love to see more sees because they 're the only gl i 'm guaranteed to beat
the colorization was done by a third party post-mint to sell the thing as a collectible .
i can give it to you if you want just dm me
how we get there is going to be as fascinating as anything because we now know they are both approaching saul as a character but how and why it spirals out of control and if any of it morphs in to being him authentically is still up for debate .
it makes sense if he feels like he can get back to kim at a later date but the bb time line where bcs is in the gene time line is a long time and that is a long time to live a lie without becoming part of it .
i thought my area was going to be super busy so i got here at 9pm 💀 and no one lmao .
since i had to commute i 've just been driving around xd and parking getting starbucks and mcdonald 's 😩 waiting for people to show up to my stores so i 'm not the only one waiting
we 're both sitting in our cars ☺️ 5 hours to go !
it just makes me so sad about my past .
this happened today and it was a stark reminder of the pain .
i still grieve and i 'm not sure i will come to terms entirely .
i do n't laugh when the younglings die we exist .
that said i laugh every time anakin says i hate you so i may also be a psychopath
next comic chapter is expected to continue with novel volume 5 2nd chapter
as we 3 on brig did this adventure we collected all players on the server and did this together .
it is so customizable you 'll be like what the fuck is this ? ''
so i can keep my upload usable for other stuff i cap my uploads to 1mb/s .
never played other mmos good thing if its that expensive .
also not going to support this game yet unless it looks promising they do n't even have proper skins yet .
this unverified member u/babygirl_ivy has shared a post today on r/aussiegirls let 's thank them with some compliments below .
we thrive on community interaction so we highly encourage responses if someone writes a nice comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/aussiegirls if you have any questions or concerns .
did an execution decide to tee-hee that damage to oblivion again ?
i understood it to mean a legal agreement which is exactly what the garda and defence forces do when taking an oath but in fairness it does seem to be much more about bail .
i guess you can have the win on that .
frankly i 'm glad you can anyway as it always baffled me .
any comment on the actual topic of warning shots ?
reckless driving is not what you get a speeding ticket for .
it 's why you should n't claim ignorance of your speed to get out of a ticket since that would be a confession of reckless driving .
you are welcome to state your opinion just as i 'm welcome to point out i think you are being a dickhead .
of all the posts to comment on you pick the one where two religions are actually getting along to get on your soapbox and spout off in the comments ?
it sounds like you are just looking to argue with people and spread around your negativity .
if that is how you want to spend your time you go for it buddy .
you 'll need earth '' cataylst '' fuel '' and stellar '' elements .
you use them to charge the dhd/control panel/console for the portal .
what i love is forte11 awacs and other intellingence assest feeding ukraine info on the wereabouts of high-ranking soldiers in the russian army
dont scare me like that i thought it was new haha
i am trying to find space in my apartment to try this .
some people seem to sometimes think the 97 code is related to a possible semi-dead pci-e rail ?
definitely as i think it might be interesting to know a little about him
surviving yujiro dick is the best feat in the world
anon would go the whole wide world just to find him
we also play the arkham lcg is it sorta like that ?
because we were looking for an even more traditionally role-playing '' i fall short every time i try to think of another word but to clarify i mean role playing as in with levelups stat checks gear and so on game .
grandma obviously has n't slept with a 2 yo in a long time or ever .
all they do is move and kick and no one sleeps well .
add to this your daughter sleeps alone based on her having her own room on a regular basis so sleep will likely be ruined by the presence of grandma .
i find that grandparents can get this hazy romanticized idea of a cute sleeping baby/toddler looking like a little angel and cuddling to sleep but they do n't realize the reality is often ... not that .
i 've been head butted in my sleep more than once .
also i would not let my children sleep with their grandparents .
although i see from comments here that many people have allow their kids to so i might be an outlier .
bro this link is n't open it show message pornograhic content not be displayed how i can open it plz help me
but your suggestion actual makes sense maybe i can use them for some promotional shots hand out free samples for local influencers ?
difference is khan would have done something different once it was broke .
rommel 's tactics were the same until his death .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whenthe if you have any questions or concerns .
switzerland wo n't they did n't even join european union cause they 'll have to make banking transparent india ki bokka istaru .
you can hear the impact at the end of the video about a second after he stops yelling .
i do n't know for sure if it 's fake but it seems pretty real .
your hopes would 've been alive if they had lost too .
go from roaming over to local and find your temp folder .
i would just delete everything if i were you but specifically you want to find a .exe file with the sane icon as topaz and then a miner aswell with a microphone icon .
but again just delete everything inside the temp file as your probably dont need it .
the most obvious htb call you 'll ever see not called
to prevent spam trolling accounts with low karma are not allowed to post in r/amateurcumsluts .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to post here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose karma limits .
we do not make exceptions so please do not ask .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amateurcumsluts if you have any questions or concerns .
get to know people all the good events are usually underground here .
if it 's listed on an events site music it 's probably not going to be good tbh with a few exceptions .
i know it 's weird advice but going to events that are in what to do this weekend '' usually end up make you hate music and clubbing events and you 'll be surrounded by the worst people !
a little effort getting to a know a scene and know people makes it work .
wish it could be like berlin or nyc where you can just randomly walk around and find something good though
they are my top monkeys on god it 's sad they do n't get love
yeah even if the vehicle in front of you has no/broken lights you 're still responsible for maintaining a safe distance .
the board tried to play hardball after hardball and fucked it up .
stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop fucking stop .
our board is a fucking shambles which sells guehi to buy lukaku .
scared is good means you 'll respect the fact that even a 300cc pocket rocket can smoke 95 of cars on the road including v8 's .
no need to rush it though if you 've got the money and time a few riding classes can make a world of difference .
just keep that humility and fear close and god willing your first crash will be a small one .
how 'd you do in the probability part of 70 the final ?
i think that 's the most relevant signal for how you 'd do in 126 .
i did n't take 126 took the stats equivalents since i doubled they were n't as good though but 186 is n't hard and has a nice curve it just has a lot of random busywork .
and as someone who played it way too safe with my classes to shield my gpa instead of pushing myself i would n't worry so much about grades .
let 's be real an a in a course wo n't matter for anything except bragging rights and in a sense you 're forfeiting those already if you 're chickening out of a harder schedule
they are neither confirmed nor known to have been click bait nonsense .
israel adds rmb to its reserves cuts usd and euro holdings to diversify https www.jpost.com/business-and-innovation/banking-and-finance/article-704813
fun fact elon is english afrikaner french huguenot dutch german scottish german/swiss-german distant welsh
would love to get waxed but shaving is cheaper lol .
i know about the results of the uk trial and it appears that most people are just pretending it did n't happen ? ?
i also work in law and i was watching the trial ... it 's not going as well for him as everyone seems to think it is .
i do not think this case will be ruled in his favor .
i came out in a mass email at 15 .
sometimes it felt fake sometimes it felt useless because nothing changed .
but i was confident in my identity so when i decided to start transitioning at 18/19 it just ...
this is probably one of the only fights i would n't cheese because i like morgott
por isso que outros países nunca obrigaram as pessoas a andar com a focinheira e o nosso atrasadinho foi o último a levantar essa palhaçada .
i think i would put 3001 in does n't count too
just go eat where you can afford and wo n't fuck up the server by tipping poorly
and chanoey 's kathy is in there in the later seasons too
i know a streamer that uses 2:1 monitor ratio of 2160x1080 '' twitch will include the black bars as obs scales the stream down to 1080p resolution .
i do n't necessarily expect other guys to stay true to all of this stuff .
with that said i reserve the right to question a guys motives if he does this shit and number 6 is a non-negotiable .
1 you never like a pic of your friend 's wife or girlfriend if he 's not in it the pic and she 's by herself .
2 if your friend offers you a hot wing keep your dick fingers off the biggest wing .
3 no cock blocking by tearing your friend down around women .
vicious demeaning and hurtful ball busting is reserved for when guys are alone .
5 do n't get drunk and start a fight and expect your boys to bail you out when you ca n't back up your mouth .
if your friend did nothing wrong and is the target of some douche back your friend up .
if your friend has a daughter and she 's a teen or older minimal eye contact no touching and and if there 's any signs of flirting the friendship is over immediately breaking this code could justify physical violence ...
this is one of the codes i expect all men to follow .
7 do n't bring your wife or girlfriend around your friends and then argue with her anywhere near your friends .
8 if you 're cheating on your girlfriend or wife keep that shit to yourself .
if the person your cheating on becomes a friend of mine and she 's cool as fuck i 'll throw you under the bus unintentionally out of guilt by the way i act .
9 only play the dozens after a real friendship has been established .
10 if he 's getting fat tell him he 's getting fat and looking like shit .
if he 's been a big guy his entire life nothing you say is going to matter so do n't bother bringing it up .
11 if you 're white do n't get too familiar '' with your black friends when it comes to joking around .
if you do n't know what it means to be too familiar '' hold off on attacking me and do some research .
if i see one of my white friends doing this i walk away from the conversation immediately or make it known with funny facial expressions that i see what 's happening .
i do n't want to get lumped into his world of dumb assery .
feelings do n't matter when advice or opinions are asked .
what are you into as a sub ? pain pleasure ? any specific thing you 're into ?
mujhe kishori grey aur otherwarya same same lgte h dono hi hawasi h
do n't send us a modmail about it we will not change it !
this is a spam protection mechanism tutorials on how to earn
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
you can never run out of ram if you have 128 gigs in your workstation !
if you 've played dirt rally 2.0 you 'll know where hell is ...
i mean ... you could still do that now .
what he 's wearing is n't any more revealing than a pair of hotpants .
crucial p2 is qlc garbage do n't buy it no matter what .
i think you 're doing a good job with them so keep it up .
yes there are alot more things going on behind all this .
it 's hard to comprehend and let alone talk about it .
drug addiction does n't erase the person he was before the addiction took over .
you 're named after your uncle who your mom loved greatly . ''
as kids get older and more mature they can handle that their uncle had some demons he did n't conquer .
he did very lightly not even a realy one just sorry ''
srb zbog prekomerne upotrebe senzacionalizma klikbejta i lažnih vesti zabranjeno je direktno linkovanje ka ovom domenu .
moguće je linkovanje preko archive.is ili kao skrinšot uz obavezno promenjen klikbejt naslov pročitajte pravila o naslovima https www.reddit.com/r/serbia/wiki/rules-srp/naslovi .
preporučuje se da umesto toga nađete normalan izvor za istu vest i linkujete njega koristite naslovi.net https naslovi.net za pretragu eng direct linking to this domain is forbidden your submission is removed .
you may repost it as a screenshot or if you generate your link with http archive.is without clickbait titles changing it as necessary .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/serbia if you have any questions or concerns .
click here to join us on discord https discord.gg/s8hucgd6wr and hang out with the stims family !
there 's lots of fun stuff to do relax and design a brand new tattoo !
we also have some channels for support recovery serious topics and photo posting !
note please report any posts or comments with links to other discord servers .
scammers and phishers have been using discord links to compromise and steal from reddit users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/stims if you have any questions or concerns .
arrested development is one of the best shows ive ever seen the original 3 seasons at least
damn my cola almost ran out you stay there i will be back with more cola to drink and watch you trying to get out
they will link icc 10 man to 25 man so if you complete an icc 25 man lock out .
you can pick a random piece of loot from your weekly grand vault up to 3 choices are shown depending on how many bosses you killed but you can only pick 1 .
that would explain the desire to get rid of him .
i just have a quick question with regards to the resources that you are referring to
started this in february and finished in about 4 weeks .
could you provide some links for those courses please since i unfortunately ca n't find them online
parents definitely could 've handled it better and it sounds like there 's some history of mistrust but i think nah .
try having more of a conversation about how they made you feel and see if there 's a compromise .
prominent actor gen hoshino looks like will be forever remembered as the guy who sings spy x family 's ed '' outside of japan .
dang same deal as the main character from squid game then .
he 's known as the manly good looking guy in korea haha .
i very much agree on the analysis of the anime .
it 's heartwarming well acted and overall just really well done .
find someone who is interested in helping mentor you and ask them to have breakfast with you once a week .
please reply to this comment with the following information to complete your request .
failure to do so will result in your request being denied .
please message the moderators of the subreddit that you requested and include the link of the message in the reply to this comment .
only you the mods of the requested subreddit and some admins will be able to view the message content .
please do not use chat to communicate with the current mods .
if this request has already been granted or denied by request_bot please ignore this message .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redditrequest if you have any questions or concerns .
its like that with literally every bit of change one wants to do
so i am trying to overclock my ti 83 plus as i feel like it would be cool trying so .
on almost all places i have looked up for how to oc the ti83 plus '' they say it 's all about replacing the c11 capacitor .
however one important thing that is almost always omitted is that that only works for the a revision of the board 2002 .
since then many types if boards have come out .
this specific one was manufactured in philippines in 2011 and it has the label sg83/a-11 which i think it may be the model but when i search for it it wo n't really appear anywhere as well as the numbers 11-16 at the bottom presumably they stand for the model produced in 2011-2016 .
other hints would be the lack of visibility of the cpu the flash memory mounted on the side and a lithium capacitor soldered on the left side as well .
i would be pleased if someone is able to find something about this model and even better the schematic itself .
she made the right decision to break up with you .
yeah but then you have to sharpen them way now often.. kiwis are tough as nails
not even only 16 critd this piece is way better than it could have been !
i wonder if they feel it when the other breathes
its secret societies and governments from all over the world who harass torture or torment civilians over a long period of time seemingly for their whole lives .
they have a manual for it and it utilizes fellow civilians who are recruited direct energy weapons psychological techniques such as nlp and can even include mind control and poisoning of food .
tis are either selected at random or have pissed off the wrong people such as these secret society members .
yeah but for about 2900 i can get someone to do it for me lol and they put in a lockbar nice rails 544 addressable leds .
if i were the handy sort maybe i would have gone that route and i am interested in trying it out .
but for now i really just want a tricked out vpin that 's plug and play by summer .
me press dah wemmy geh weltee ah mah own me woife
they 'd at least have these teams and sites in the universes they have knowledge of .
the foundation is far too prepared to not stay prepared according to the knowledge they do possess .
he 's talking about something in the manga spoiler alert if you have n't read it .
i only keep 1 pet at a time so this was quite sad ... and the pet was lvl 1200 ... damn it
so i did n't check that my post had gotten approved and did n't update anything .
i will post an update everyday by the end of my day .
for the last 4 days that are missing i will get them included now .
yeah its different then again so are the she limits .
personally i think the game should be played for fun if you need to take shortcuts aka spend real life money the question is are you actually enjoying the game .
not an answer but even though i 'm 16 i could really need future me to tell me 3 words like that right about now
my domino 's takes in like a quarter million dollars a month .
i do n't give two shits whether you think it 's fair yah traitor .
explore planets and seek bunkers to escape from your mission in space !
the game takes place in a parallel universe where the
soviet union arrived much faster than america in space .
the countries are randomly selected and i do not want to offend anyone !
i tried to make a story game completely different from the ordinary ones !
i dont have much scripting or building skills bt i think it came out good !
the game is in beta and have much bags !
most of the assets is free models bt i customized and polished all of them !
please if you find any bag tell me and i will do my best to fix it as soon as possible !
mando almost cuts his leg off dank ferret stupid false advertising ''
i was playing roblox and stuff and we had been talking for a very long time in text chat too they were at my old school and stuff so i knew them irl and we had open feelings about each other so i asked them out to play phantom forces or smth with me .
the page is bestservice-dz everyone be aware do n't pay in advance like me .
i 've had the opposite problem at work soooooo many times i have literally no idea whatsoever how did n't get fired from my last job basically my last job soooo insanely boring as all hell that it literally felt physically painful just being every time i had to work like the level of sheer raw boredom was sooooo sky high i have pretty much contemplated walking right out of the job multiple times and never returning ever again my adhd was unmedicated at the time though which caused a extreme level of boredom to constantly be present anytime i had to do something that i absolutely did not want to do at all on any level whatsoever my manager use to have to constantly remind me to get back on task all the time as would to just stand there and do nothing most of the time but i did managed to forced myself to do a lot of cleaning before i would stop and than start doing some other task but she would always catch me after i had already done everything that was required of my work position so it would always look i was actually working never again
do upgrade the furniture and the sights if you are so inclined .
i 'll eventually put wood on mine but it sits bedside in a small home so 20-30 yard shots do n't matter so much .
everyone who thinks i should n't have hrt is ontologicaly evil and no action can be taken against them that is too harsh
this has been happening every day for the last month .
after school every day i always get dragged into one of the empty classrooms and my bullies have their way with me .
they fill me with their cum hit me choke me and just abuse my tight holes for their pleasure .
even though i cry and beg for them to stop my tight cunt just begs them for more as i squirt and cum often .
fuck you nobody cares nobody wants to hear it .
which means politicians are using the phrase build back better as signalling
identifying themselves as globalists that they are on board with the agenda
i know there 's people behind the crimes but i genuinely wish we removed a limb from someone every time they willfully stole or vandalize .
nobody can have nice things in a city and that makes me sad .
call it optimistic but i reckon there 's a genuine chance .
with the announcement of the fifa women 's world cup games tying up some of the big venues for up to 9 weeks next year what better time to do it .
two birds with one stone for the nrl they now have a venue to play the games that ca n't be played at the likes of suncorp and aami park and they also get to be the good guys by repaying the warriors .
it 's literally a win win and i 'd argue a no brainer .
the aussie teams are going to be losing the revenue anyway while they ca n't play in their own stadiums so use that time period to go to nz
those are supposed to be left on the side of the street .
said oligarch has since been elevated to the house of lords .
they seemed cool at first but with time they have pulled such bullshit on our family business that it is insane .
they let people pay with stolen credit cards but then charge the business for allowing a stolen card to go though how the hell can we control what stripe allows or not ? ...
then they have also frozen our account for things like prove you live there or prove that the company owner lives somewhere else etc..
they also charged us mysterious fees and when i wrote to the support i was ping-ponged around to different costumer service reps for a couple of weeks until they fessed up and explained the fees mind you they do n't show the extra fees anywhere you literally have to guess .
all in all not recommended yes they have lower fees on paper but that is all a front you 'll end up loosing more money then if you just use paypal or other systems .
unless your municipality has some form of permitting for special reasons like moving or other ordinance regarding this then not illegal for you to move the cones .
however as i live across the country in the city of brotherly love where this is a whole thing i can warn ya this might escalate your legal grief .
they could decide to key or egg your car or worse which then would end up involving police and insurance and possibly courts so i ca n't recommend you do it .
or let crazy put it 's dick in you .
crazy is n't gendered and abuse is n't either .
men and women have the potential for good and evil .
this is what goes on mentally during a game using captain falcon can confirm
i have just went ahead and sent upvote your way .
could you please return the favor on a post of mine ?
i just drilled a little hole in a loonie and put it on a key ring .
even with the key ring on it you can put it in a cart .
i never do n't have a loonie and do n't need extras laying around .
kids want to cut their hair esp when said hair is constantly getting in the way of playing upsetting her in the morning and could be hurting her head if it 's thick like op said .
i understand having a love for your child 's hair but this is way overboard .
it 's not the mom hair or her choice if the child wants it cut .
nta and your wife needs to deal with whatever the obsession with someone else hair is .
or do your nails scratch the surface when you game ?
if you 100 do n't kids then do n't ruin your life and body for someone .
it sucks but you 'll find someone else who wants the same things as you in life .
i 'm not a dog trainer but the best thing that has worked with our rottie 's jumping is putting your back to them with crossed arms until they calm down .
spam and clearly does n't fit the subreddit please report it .
consider joining our discord server https discord.com/invite/jcbnbhhbxu where you can discuss with other community members or be in fast contact with the moderators .
i was laughing every time she was asked did you state x ? ''
she would deny stating x then the opposition would roll the tape of her saying x .
she tried to get out of so many of those by claiming cnn was n't a credible source .
that 's hard to do when it 's an unaltered clip of her spewing vile hatred from her piehole .
i am happy for you and jealous as hell .
i would love to find a woman my age who would let me be me .
take care of what you have .. it is very special
yeah i 'm using pvp as a broad concept rather than it 's hard definition of specific game modes .
if you 're comparing its progress relative to others then you 're in a pvp mindset regardless of which game mode you 're looking at .
and in any free game focusing on the pvp mindset is just setting yourself up for disappointment .
i do n't have a major problem with soul awakening .
i just do n't care enough about what other people are doing with their accounts for it to matter to me .
it does n't affect my ability to play the game whatsoever .
i know this shit is fake but the joel glazer one infuriates me just looking at it .
apg is in the dc locality but at a very reasonable cost of living .
there are a lot of opportunities both on apg and surrounding areas plenty of non-supervisory 14s and if you were to seek out opportunities in the dc area the commute is technically feasible depending on telework options and commute tolerance .
i literally could n't give the smallest shit if you are going to cry and complain about a chocolate bar being changed then maybe you should think about channeling that passion into something more productive in life you will probably be happier .
i think this is fake but i 'm pretty sure something similar has been happening with renaming stuff like kievs to kyivs and midget gems got changed too
praticamente si perché il sistema era retributivo '' e non contributivo quindi come detto nell'altro commento oggi le pensioni sono decisamente più basse quindi il mix andavano in pensione prima versavano di meno ha permesso un sistema insostenibile e decisamente poco giusto nei confronti di noi giovani quindi penso che si dovrebbe fare qualcosa .
definitely would n't have been ok boosting every 3 months .
i thought the 6 month frequency was a red flag that 's why i tried to get more info first and waited 9 .
i do n't trust one media source so when everything felt consistent across peer-reviewed sources and when my lived experience matched it i thought it was true .
i do n't trust the news but i trust friends i 've had for over 15 years that when they are devastated over their unvaxxed patients dying they did n't all suddenly become liars .
i never understood the mixed messaging on masks and felt it was an economic decision to let people take them off when they sit down so restaurants could remain open .
so i kept mine on did n't go to indoor restaurants for two years .
i tried to be smart and consistent and informed .
my only point was to say that not all of us were just taking mainstream messaging at face value some of us really tried to be objective and scientific and still failed to find balanced information .
i still do n't buy the other extreme either where people claim every vaxxed person will die in three years or get aids .
in my observation many people handled them just fine .
but for a healthy 37 year old the serious risks were never worth the minimal benefits and i 'm furious the data were n't presented in an honest and nuanced way by those in power .
my rabbits on day 8 of being treated for ec .
he 's on panacur and metacam and was doing better but the last couple of days has had very low rear limb strength .
apparently it takes a couple weeks to see improvement .
if you get panacur make sure to get metacam aswell
5 says their house is mirrored and they live on either side .
interesting they told us you ca n't set it up more than 12 hours before use because the warmer helps the bags breed bacteria .
i still to this day wonder if he already had peritonitis and that 's why he was so sick .
he took his fluid to the er and they cultured it and it was clear .
he came home that night and immediately drained cloudy after connecting .
as this is the top post on google and i had been trying to fix my game not launching for about a week and just today managed to fix it
after a week of uninstalling reinstalling deleting files googling all sorts of things ... this simple thing is what fixed it for me ! !
the image has survived in the modern world as a representation of magisterial or collective power law and governance .
the fasces frequently occurs as a charge in heraldry it is present on the reverse of the u.s. mercury dime coin and behind the podium in the united states house of representatives and it was the origin of the name of the national fascist party in italy from which the term fascism is derived .
chitin obelisk has blunt damage strong against skeletons whereas the cutlass has hp leech but only slash damage .
i ca n't see this is a cut wheel of cheese
nada te garante que o toni possa fazer golo mesmo tendo marcado no último jogo na primeira vez que tocou na bola .
na minha opinião ele até joga melhor quando sai do banco do que quando joga de início .
a forma como ele joga de costas e tabela com os médios é o que diferencia do toni .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=tampafun19999 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
might need to get glass to protect the painting from uv rays or a film to put over normal glass but if the ink is good stuff then it should be artists/archival quality and should n't fade in the sun .
would n't be great for the city of liverpool so no
i think i 'll ride my bike on the beach today .
celebrating everyday this month like i 'm a ten year old it 's my birthday month 🎉
leo the one kid with a fairly common name many boys being named leo these days has to be called lay-o by mami .
you know what the kids would say about that pronunciation at school .
and suddenly mayo is just plain old shakespearean romeo ?
it 's a never ending carousel of life over there with those jerk offs .
this is typical r/whoosh and the sentiment just ties it all together
he gets revived i know that 's why i said original run .
plus he 's pretty much ignored because of miles morales and 616 peter which is good
oh yes from this close of range they wiped out almost all the squad maybe some lucky guys got away with shrapnel injuries
it should be considered as a disease like drug addiction .
im not defending the actions of the past and im not german
im just trying to explain that there is alot of help flowing already if you want to ignore that thats up to you
im just saying comparing to nothing its already alot and comparing to anything similar in the past its already huge
they 're an amazon brand but i was actually very impressed with their chino pants .
in our nicu we did n't have these restrictions they said at least half an hour before moving but both my and my husband could hold her one after the other .
they just watched the monitor so could tell if she needed to go back
do n't care curious to see other 's views on the matter in terms of any potential future scenario as this is likely to come up again .
wanting to check that i 'm not that far away from what might be seen as reasonable
are we talking usable hardness or spewing outta my nose here ?
just so you know ... .in god level stop trying to impede with sales be true to yourself i know you have a lot of gods .
about 10 minutes after getting sucked in to buying it
ahhh yes that seems to be a common theme people are thinking i see a dr may 10 wish me luck
i just think travis should drum for the half time show if it 's with aquabats so be it
i 'm not sure of the age limit but i always recommend canadian tire to anyone looking for part time work as a student .
i 've always found them to be very flexible and and overall great work environment .
i got skyward pride and will be hitting soft pity any moment .
i really hope i get mistsplitter and not the unforged 😭😭 i do n't have enough pulls for guarantee
this is friend devin they 're really good at baking .
based on your own post your son followed the rule .
you stated yourself in the initial post that the rule is until '' and not before '' .
you switched it up to by '' in your last edit which was probably after you realized that the comments section was not going your way .
i 'm neurodivergent as well and so is my own 10-year-old son who also loves to cook so do n't try to wave me off either .
i 'm really sick of people like you who use it as an excuse justify their bad behavior and/or disregard other people .
i think bikes have some sort of identification number .
fortunately i live 3,000 miles away and i do keep it brief !
i ignore every text that translates to an invitation to emotion dump .
alabama 45k before shift diff 55k since i get shift diff since i 'm a night owl at a small rural hospital .
minimal patient interaction if you can get in somewhere good that does n't treat you as a lab tech phlebotomist .
can make more if you catch the travel bubble that 's getting burst by hospital admin crying to the government that they have to pay more for travelers since they wo n't pay to keep people local .
i did a 2 year program at my cc got an aas .
but like eggies said there are places that hire without a degree and will give you a year to certify .
test is scaled so it nudges you closer to passing through weighted questions .
not all plants are vegetables as not all of them can be consumed plus some plant-parts are fruits .
so plants are n't in comas but vegetables are that is right before you eat them .
! 😡😡😡😡we were just revange against german because of rome empire🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹😵💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻😍😍😍🥰🥰🥰😎🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵sooo we make luse they empore😎😎😎😎😎😎🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹😍😍😍
oh i absolutely do i 've been looking for a new little fuck doll
heyo looking good but sry imma have to remove this post under rule 6 we do n't allow usernames for socials .
i 'd be swiping left on her anyway but my guess is that she does n't know how to deal with technology and would only want to facetime somebody instead of zoom or messenger or some other app .
and can barely use her iphone probably has to have her kid show her how to do it .
doing ok forgot my sleeping pills so im on reddit to pass time .
as much as i dispise clayman i ca n't imagine what that must 've felt like
my chem professor brought up the phobia '' argument one time in class because he decided to focus on the fact i was wearing a pride bracelet instead of teaching class and i wish i was smart enough to have brought up this argument
apart from hyper and dark it 's a bit hard for these forms to come back considering that
dark gaia is gone and wo n't reawaken for a few million years plus i doubt that eggman would bother breaking him 9ut again .
darkspine is connected to the world rings and i doubt that sonic would go back to the arabian nights .
and given how sonic has n't even used his super form in a story sense since the time eater i find it highly unlikely that he 'll ever feel the need to turn hyper again .
so recently i had bought an aniflex neopixel lightsaber and went to add new sound fonts to it but when i was removing the proffieboard it was super glued so i did have to pry it a bit to get the sd card out .
well i think during this 2 wires came loose and i am going to be soldering them back to the board .
i know the first image is the positive line for the speaker and the other is for the neopixel pixel bc when i went to turn on my saber sound would come on before the speaker also disconnected but the blade would n't light up .
i know i am supposed to wire the wire to the battery but i do not know where to wire it on this chassis .
tutorials say to wire it directly to the battery but i ca n't find anywhere to wire it .
if u need some more photos of the chassis please let me know !
alpine brought new side pods for race 1 and ferrari is basically running the same car as in barcelona
i was married to a 44dd for 25 years .
i always preferred not much more than a hand full '' anyways. but it was fine too !
then the ladies carry those big mammies around most their lives .
the more revealing to everyone or anyone are reasons they get stared at .
i have known women that think big boobs are their only attribute and flaunt what they have .
i ca n't say i get hung up about grammar but i do find myself being a lot more critical about structure and more recently pointing out elements unnecessary to the story .
i ca n't say it has ruined reading completely for me although it has raised the standards of what i 'm willing to read .
if they had any serious growth if they were making money if they had a plan for taking care of their financial problems if they were not in fact bleeding money then you might have a point .
this is not a company that is growing 50 a year and where you might think they are being undervalued going forward .
if anything the market is still overvaluing twitter for purely sentimental reasons .
so yes any reasonable investor would prefer short term gains over the likely long term losses ahead .
one would argue that if they were n't so extra-sensitive they 'd actual ask what you meant and act like they cared for you .
milton its only gon na get worse if you dont come out
i had common cold and my symptoms are worse than covid ffs .
however i think that izuku is ! either a late bloomer or his original quirk was stolen at some point .
! all might is a middle aged guy whose body is severely damaged and whose muscles are severely atrophied and yet he was still able to use one for all at 100 despite that quirk having already stockpiled so much power during his lifetime .
meanwhile izuku hurt himself when he merely used 5 of one for all .
even after izuku had trained his body and unlocked the vestiges izuku still continues to hurt himself when he uses one for all which implies that izuku is not quirkless .
having one for all damages your body '' is not exclusive to izuku it also happened to the 4th user of one for all because the 4th user of one for all was not quirkless .
! on the vestige word the vestiges talked about izuku 's suppossed quirklessness making him being able to handle one for all but their statements about that contradict what was showed on screen .
it has been constantly being show on screen that izuku is actually not able to handle one for all without someone else healing izuku 's body .
sure one can say that one for all hurts izuku 's body because he had not trained his body enough yet except that the 4th user of one for all had to deal with one for all hurting his own body too which implies that the real cause of one for all hurting izuku 's body is actually not lack of training '' .
! i think izuku is going to eventually die prematurely of old age if izuku does not pass one for all to someone else .
what a nice off my chest ! sweet sentiment it 's beautiful to feel so in love .
it is possible for that feeling to last through the test of time .
just always protect each other and respect each other .
and do n't idealize it to the point where you ignore any red flags or accept any abuse .
as someone who really likes doing endurance stuff with cars and seeing them wear over time i would love to see something added where i dont got ta reset it .
i wonder what real mileage on a vehicle would look like in beamng .
i left it vague on purpose for the reader to fill the blanks
i know sun screen is used to protect it from the sun and keep it from fading .
i might touch it up it all depends on if my stepbrother is free to touch it up .
i dont know if this counts but i give a lot of people the wrong idea on accident a lot because im bad at wording my sentences fortunately most of my friends understand this and usually understand what im trying to say or make jokes about it .
imo that 's the great thing about the freedom we are given .
if you want to do a run through as a regular student you can by never using the spel but if you or anyone else decides they want to do a run through as a god-like wizard they have the option to .
ive been on the internet a long time and i 've never seen birth rates attributed the the child free .
i love watching you take every stitch of clothing off ... 😍🔥
! gramps is obviously going to die soon has he written/recorded or will he admit with a deathbed speech to the detective a confession to all the killings so that shun gets away with it ?
then shun can take up with that girl in his class who i do n't think died the one who worked with him at one point and he became the motorcycle helmet avenger which would be what gramps wants .
ask if he wants to play strip poker that usually helps take things to the next step ...
do i need to know a lot about the character in order to do this rp ?
your submission has been automatically removed because it seems like it belongs in the sfu course question program admission and registration megathread https www.reddit.com/r/simonfraser/comments/ncwfvy/sfu_course_question_program_admission_and .
if you feel like this action was done incorrectly please message r/simonfraser modmail to get your post re-instated .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/simonfraser if you have any questions or concerns .
get a life kid lol saying nothings funny except your whole ass life 😂
it totally would as long as it still works if it 's not connected to a mixer and then you can upload your scene to a desk once you connect to it !
the right wing used to ban me all the time .
now it just depends on the rules of the sub you enter
your post has been removed as it breaks one of our rules
personals must follow r/r4r format the poster must state their age location and should include details about themselves in their post .
please do it exactly like this age r4r location title .
please feel free to re-post with an edited title .
i never really liked sonic highways they put out cecilia soon after and i loved it .
i always saw it as a consolation for tolerating that concept album .
the downvotes are likely cause you said no then yes but .
seems like you knew what the law was but just wanted to win the argument boring .
my gawd ... those eyes ... those eyes are amazing !
cat used my nuts as a springboard to jump on the chair
but in that case they would n't go through customs until they landed no ?
i 've been looking into work from home stuff .
just a matter of finding the right thing that still allows me to pay my bills .
that fact alone justifies his death no excuses for trying to leave .
remember when this dude was better than messi and deserved ballon d'or ahead of him ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigasses if you have any questions or concerns .
what if the kid is gay and they can only talk to other gay people lmao
people are allowed to not like her/not want her back ?
if aw2 is a 8 queen cast again there 's many other queens i 'd like to see back before her lol
bantu is just a sub group of niger-congo languages not an ethnic or genetic identifier .
no offense but you took the time to post here so you could have also easily googled this .
actually have one but have n't been able to set it up yet we let some friends move into our basement temporarily when the house they were gon na move into burned down a week before they were supposed to move ...
it 's because we 're annoyed from the thousands of posts related to caera .
like we get it you like her can weove on please ?
i swear this sub is half a step from becoming a caera r34 sub .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=collmaybe .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i still stand by their caesar dressing being the best i 've ever had .
antifungal cream over the counter terbinafine make sure it 's not with stereroids or oral antifungal tablets prescription but you ca n't drink on it and need to make sure your liver is in good shape before taking it .
if it is fungal it wo n't go away and will spread so netter safe than sorry .
you 're actually giving advice to get more experience and do n't rush with one 's decisions they ca n't really undo .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kirby if you have any questions or concerns .
most people dont when they have a car so dominant that you dont have any competition and can just drive alone at front .
same way lewis had pretty much zero mistake the whole merc domination period but that wasnt enough to put him as dotd and it shouldnt be enough now .
any of the elder scrolls or fallout games set on easy .
oh alright i 'll definitely keep that in mind .
i usually do n't multitask while gaming and the only program i have running in the background while in game is discord so i do n't think ram should be much of a problem for now .
i 'll definitely consider upgrading to 32gigs in the future if it 's starting to become the new minimum .
and watch people whine how they ca n't no longer play their main ''
1060 is not low end at all it 's mid end at worst .
i had a 1060 up until like last month when i switched to rtx 3060 and it played games like battlefield v just fine
latifi is just there to give the mechanics something to do
klar mache ich ja so oder so alles geld was jetzt mein vermögen ist ist im grunde doch meine altersvorsorge .
ob man das geld dann morgen für etwas ausgibt was man für 'absolut notwendig ' hält oder etwas das man halt haben will oder es anlegt ist halt sehr subjektiv .
ist natürlich ärgerlich wenn man in nem dip verkaufen muss aber das ist halt das normale aktien-glücksspiel man kann auch glück haben und der kurs ist gerade schön hoch wenn ich das geld brauche .
they cancel my student loans i will vote democrat for the rest of my life
i mostly like b m coasters but my favorite has to be iron gwazi it is so fun !
there is no doubt the chaos alter is the best choice .
you spend more time getting gp to be safe while training on a guildes altee or you spend wayy less time getting gp and spend about the same amount of time actually training prayer on the chaos alter .
i equate chinese communists with mass murderers so my point simply is not to trade with them and make them rich .
one 's a dually one 's a single diagonal one .
those work fine for walking around with one or two cameras .
but i 'm talking just for transporting a bare lens .
it is a new mechanic we need in the game .
rockets have a budding star lots of young talent tons of assets and 80 mil in cap space next offseason .
thank goodness we wo n't have to hear willis ' name ever again after thursday .
it 's a naive point of view is n't it ?
it completely ignores that while the us has it 's problems we 're still a place people all over the world strive to come to .
and the world is much more brutal then we realize because most of us are n't in the military and we have our friendly neighbors .
can you do gates to infinity and maglam lord for 60 shipped ?
the large baptist church in our town received a ppp loan and they claimed at the time they have 150 employees '' and i still think it was fraud .
what an over used un-original comeback if you say so .
i ca n't believe your doing this in survival ...
i would never have the dedication or skill to complete such a monstrous task .
all credit to you and i wish you luck !
i would guess that it 's because each body has it 's sweet spot '' dosage with any given molecule and the more you go over that dosage the more you get diminishing returns due to the increase in side effects .
perhaps someone with more physiological knowledge could explain it more intelligently .
you said that we should n't become like the us .
that is very different from saying that we should n't have as many cars as there are in the us .
of course if india had the same infrastructure but as many cars as there are in the us it would be awful .
i 'd call a nation developed only when the rich use public transport instead of cars
that 's a pretty arbitrary criterion for calling a nation developed .
news articles or informational posts related to the eu or europe should be posted in r/eunews or r/eurotube .
if it belongs on r/eunews it does n't belong on r/yurop .
if it belongs on r/eurotube it does n't belong on r/yurop .
all 3 subreddits are member of a common network so it 's only natural that we would redirect user to the relevant sub .
free will goes away in psychosis when you become delusional enough to think you are a different person the world is ending things are attacking you etc .
it is not about impulses at that point you are just out of your mind .
you have never been at that bad of a manic episode ?
i 'm seeing you did n't write what i wrote so i 'll do the same for the rest of your comment .
braindead decision to still have this guy who 's been well figured out as the designated pk taker
well if cinder still gets on your nerves pick up toise again with spin/sprout and watch that bunny melt away .
say that ball had caused op to crash or it had seriously injured someone op 's children perhaps ?
you expect op to just be like no biggie !
i understand that the system is corrupt but maybe you should direct your focus on them instead having an attitude of do n't give shitty kids consequences for serious crimes ! !
there 's a possibility they could be tortured in the system we rely in to correct their behaviour ! 1 !
if it does happen to that kid then that is on the system not the fucking victim !
op just wants to nip that kid 's behaviour in the bud before he does something similar and it results in more dire consequences maybe he chucks another ball out of a window and it kills somebody ! .
what happens to the kid after op files a report is not on op 's conscience .
do n't get too emboldened and try coming here again .
establishing cases with merit is harder than you think against those in power .
uno reverse natives build even bigger empires than they did before .
they do on rare occasion produce good investigative reporting .
but yeah mostly it 's just a mouthpiece for the conservative party business elite etc .
so i 'll preface this with that fact that i love naruto and it was a huge part of my childhood/young adult years .
i like the story overall and think it handles the main characters well .
one down side for me is it focuses a bit too much on the older generation imo and only really develops boruto and his rival .
so i would say if you liked naruto expect to a good probably not great experience .
if you do n't like naruto and do n't have connection with it you may find the manga average or mediocre .
people who complain about hand smoothing should give best of three a try .
look at the second and third bullets in the middle of the page https www.revenuquebec.ca/en/businesses/consumption-taxes/gsthst-and-qst/registering-for-the-gst-and-qst/how-to-register https www.revenuquebec.ca/en/businesses/consumption-taxes/gsthst-and-qst/registering-for-the-gst-and-qst/how-to-register
would love to see more of her big suckable tits
all fun and games till you got ta come back up
op you got me confused with all sorts of feelings right now but above all it would be amazement .
mod the crap out of it to fix all of the issues you 're having .
se a lei fala de 1 tributos cobrados anualmente pela administração .
3 semestralidade obrigatória para todas as instâncias públicas 4 plenos direitos ao que estão sem débitos ativos .
2 eu crio uma história se a lei é muito longa então se a lei descreve extensivamente todas as características de uma profissão por exemplo um piloto da anac eu invento uma história com o profissional viajando de avião indo comer em algum lugar aterrissando em algum lugar tudo isso pra lembrar das atividades dele !
disclaimer não sou do ramo jurídico mas a primeira dica parece ser usada por todos os locais de cursinho de ensino médio a cursos para concursos a segunda dica é boa ... tentem usar
basically although the celts were n't from the british isles they originated in central europe and migrated to the isles .
what was left of the celts by the time the romans were done with them split into the welsh cornish picts bretons cumbrians and gaelic .
this was supposed to be nsfw for the thigh slaps .
seriously making me consider muting the tv and listing to the sirius call even with how delayed it is
best to just keep answering them with ok '' until they get pissed lol
because if you do i have bad news for you .
i see it as 100 despicable without any redeeming quality whatsoever .
scary part is is that the lace it is n't intentional for the most part it comes from weighing the weed on the same scale used for fents
a side effect of excessive alcohol intake is increased confidence
a sex worker 's customer has no control or power over the sex worker 's rent while the landlord does .
the power imbalance is why people disapprove of the landlord case .
if sex workers have the option to work as something besides sex work to pay rent they are giving free consent while engaging in sex work .
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
breaking subreddit rules may result in a ban from r/newtothenavy and r/navy .
this includes lying by omission leaving information out and lying by commission purposefully misleading .
no sensitive information allowed whether you saw it on wiki or leaked files or anywhere else .
also while you wait for a reply from a subject matter expert try using the search feature !
see thebenegesseritwitch 's guide on paths to become an officer https www.reddit.com/r/newtothenavy/comments/5sdurq/paths_to_becoming_an_officer_getting_a_commission .
want to learn about deploying finances mental health cross-rating and more ?
come visit our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/navy/wiki/index over in r/navy .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/newtothenavy if you have any questions or concerns .
one of the finest ... bravest men to ever grace sector 7g .
thinkware now has a multiplexer that works with 1 main camera and up to 5 other cameras .
the multiplexer puts the main camera on 1 file and combines the other 4 cameras into a file .
they have side cameras that go on the outside of the vehicle kind of like tesla side cams are located .
main advantage 1 unit to use to get videos from versus 4 different cameras 4 different wiring to power etc
cause coorilation properties are based on the internet.. this was clearly no internet .
its so hard not to just give 1 single horrible answer lmao
sadly if you get assaulted young that can add to it not the reason for my aunts but the reason for mine but it is what it is just to be clear my aunt was never assaulted just started early i still live with my parents and live a very happy life
for me it was not being warned about puberty whatsoever .
the first time i 1 had a pubic hair grow and 2 ejaculated i thought i was dying .
dipo playing good d attacking the hoop and making the right decision .
his playmaking/defense he has shown he needs to be the 2nd man off the bench tonight .
i do n't even know why i bother arguing i 've met rocks that make better counterpoints than you .
clearly you do n't have any point that is n't either an excuse or avoiding the issue .
i wish you were correct but i doubt you are .
all current signs point to republicans retaking the house senate in the us this fall despite everything being turned up by the jan 6 investigation .
a shockingly large percentage of the public do n't care or worse support the attempted insurrection .
polls show that more than half of republicans believe democrats stole the 2020 election so those people do n't even believe it was an insurrection .
i love it but now i 'm gon na have that song stuck in my head all day 😅
the hugenots and several protestant sects in the beginning of the reformation knew that .
syncontemporaneously the catholics were suffering at the hands of the anglicans .
also early colonial history was fucking rife with basically religious bigotry and some states straight up would harass you til you left if you were n't a certain sect .
i believe rhode island was created for this reason .
it does actually but when you pause the replay i think it 's just for quitting '' the pause .
ccc came out 9 years ago and gave us that .
i 'm ok with melissa but i can do without kayleigh
i have oily skin my skin gets really greasy soon .
i believe it 's winter to my skin is dry during the day but starts to get oily soon ?
not really the point of why i commented what i did .
i 'm not denying that definitions exist for different sexualities .
i 'm disagreeing with the fact of how quick someone labels another person 's sexuality when the only one who knows what is actually going on is the person themselves .
on the point of having sex with women without a real attraction there 's plenty of gay men who leave their marriages with women but still have had sex with them throughout the marriage .
you can see the progress on the starlink.sx orbital planes chart https i.imgur.com/ee7jruf.png they have 8 virtually complete planes and 5 half-filled planes in shell 4 .
the full shell has 72 planes the first half they are deploying right now is going to have 36 .
they still need to do 4 launches for the first half .
right now it looks like the first half will be operational in early september .
my guess they will resume shell 2 launches soon after the next four launches to complete the first half are done .
it depends on how many pending orders are left after the capacity of the first half of shell 4 is sold .
if they can clear most of the backlog they can launch to shell 2 from vandenberg once a month while still doing shell 4 launches from florida .
yes ☺️ i tell them how pretty they are and how much i love them .
my right arm has something from demon souls ds 1 and 2 .
do not engage with vendors '' in your dms info about scammers https www.reddit.com/r/weed/wiki/information/scammers
selling or attempting to source drugs is against site-wide terms of service and is an immediate non-reversible permanent ban .
lastly please report any posts/comments that you see breaks the rules .
help keep r/weed a more inviting atmosphere for everyone !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/weed if you have any questions or concerns .
flat irons are scary but this one is ceramic and has lower heat settings i 've never had it scorch my dolls hair
hyetta is n't a good example because she 's some kind of corpse-snatching doppelganger closely linked with the frenzied flame and shabriri .
it 's a very tough process that no one wants to face .
since we ca n't smell them we have to wait for them to announce themselves in here .
he can beat you any day except today today he lose to your virgin deck lol
people are pathetic but yet again it 's either a man-child or a child himself who 's saying these empty immature and unnecessarily frustrated words .
this is good because ufl and fsu do n't play each other very often because they are in different conferences .
https www.sports-reference.com/cbb/play-index/matchup_finder.cgi ? request=1 year_min=1950 year_max=2022 school_id=florida opp_id=florida-state comp_school=le rank_school=any comp_opp=le rank_opp=any game_type=a game_month game_location game_result is_overtime order_by=date_game
yohan with the win fucking lmao cant make this shit up
do n't be scares to just not kill minions .
you 'll get gold passively no matter what just sit back relax and let the sweet xp come to you .
she was the one who shot midnight man and saved the day in the third issue of mk
lol easier than breaking down the truck at least 🤣
those jackets and the huge huge label tags most of the time dude looks like someone slapped a post it on his back
ya i was gon na say that cause fire can be so abrupt a lotta people just panic and just go for the water but then it gets ... worse
as a woman who 's entire family said shit like this to her from as young as she can remember which catapulted her into a 13 year ongoing battle with disordered eating and terrible self esteem ... you 're the dad this girl needs
all text submissions must be at least 100 characters long .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/atlantahawks if you have any questions or concerns .
there are aston martin fans apart from those of seb ?
for surefire the warcomp is quickly becoming worst in show .
go 3 prong no gas port holes closed tine or 4 prong if you want to wait and pay .
the spinal manipulation stuff can risk vertebral artery dissection and the field is based on the legend that its first practitioner obtained wisdom on chiropractic from a ghost
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/spacexmasterrace if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't know if this counts but there 's this vlog i think it was fandom tour ? where bang chan ate a lot of seaweed at a restaurant that skz like to go to .
and so naturally i started craving it and some random seaweed snacks from wal-mart became my hyperfixation food for like two weeks .
it seems you have previously posted a submission within the past 20 hours so your post has been removed as per the post frequency rule 9 .
please wait before submitting a new post and consider using albums/gallery to post multiple images in one post .
yes thank you so much for understanding i 'm sending you love and happiness 🪷✨ namaste
i 'm just giving an example shiva is a hindu god .
it could be an entity that is close to you like a guide or soulmate if not yourself is what it mean
and you showed your bias with how you were trying to defense renewal .
and how would you have any idea on my knowledge of the subject or my observations on it purely because i do n't no life crucible ?
they might have been able to strike those oil depots .
they have a 6 hour loitering time the distance between chernihiv and bryansk is about 5h 30min .
your not taking into account difficulty adjustment.. trust me .
bought a s9 in 2017 for 1.2 bitcoin and to this day still have not mined 1.2 bitcoin back .
if baby is hungry trust me they 'll wake up and let you know .
actually i was thinking of switching bennett to sucrose but ... no heals😭 jean is in my team 1 sayu kinda works too tho
i think you might be able to get a solid rate estimate through earnest without a hard credit pull
if you 're not going to follow the sanctions then what does anyone really stand for anymore ... brutal slaughter of innocents apparently .
3 4 oz for the upper and 1-2 oz for the liner .
i know everyone has been shitting on crowder but you have to give him credit for what he 's doing tonight .
he is matching the pels physicality and toughness and is getting under their skin
i always hide because you can see creature buffs to hit .
another reason for me is if i accidentally scale a encounter wrong i can change said buffs without the players knowing .
my favorite brawler is actually buzz but that tara skin is just too good
caught him leaning '' is a really polite way to say he obviously flopped
their record 2021 year they made 5 billion in profit .
they need at least 3 years of that which wo n't happen because they 're losing subscribers to pay off that debt .
so how exactly are they already making more than enough ?
i had these in my amex offers ... and now they disappeared .
i would love to but i 'm not that experienced in writing and i 'm not very good at brawlhalla .
oh man i 've always got my eyes peeled for custom cars in the area .
i 'm sending you a dm the day i spot yours !
we were told we did n't have to wake to feed after our baby got back to their birth weight
more often then not those cameras are for the big screens in the theater for the people in the back
we love to watch him voice the character again .
hands down the best voice for spider-man aside from yuri .
i have n't played in a while but last time i checked elemental shaman was very good dps wise .
just takes a bit to get going and a lot of your staple spells and passives are unlocked later on .
it 's one of those classes that i find takes a bit of time to get going but once you 've got everything set up it 's as smooth as butter .
enhancement is one of the more fun tanking specs as well .
my only problem with shaman is the lack of really good transmog options
due to the large number of active users we currently limit some posts due on quality or content .
if you 're attempting to post a meme please do so on monday using the meme monday flair .
if you 're attempting to post fan art please do so on friday using the fan art friday flair .
for any other removals try building up your discussion with more information and examples .
if this is your first time on the subreddit please make sure to read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/gametheorists/wiki/rules .
alternatively if you are looking to socialize and meet other theorists or shitpost try our discord https discord.gg/uxnkdayse8 !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gametheorists if you have any questions or concerns .
i found the in-game slider noise filter '' for the joystick and noticed the 1 you mentioned i lowered it down to 0.5 and the difference is incredible .
i 'm now strafing targets with ease have n't tried air to air yet but i 'd assume the results would be just as exciting .
i 've been getting carried away destoying everything on the ground so far haha .
your explanation of the curve was perfect and easy to understand it 's something ive noticed in racing games as the car increases speed but never put much thought into before .
will definitely be enjoying the practice a lot more now .
just a girl wishing she could live up to galadriels aura !
i love van hagar.. dreams is one of my favorite
me too have heard a lot about gr86 as well but majority think veloster is better leaning towards it now hyundai has me really impressed these days hard to believe they have come so far .
the warranty is amazing as well think it covers everything up to 100k so reliability is n't and issue at all
well that would be why op had a doctor 's note ?
i 'd be eyeing the glock 48 if i lived in cali .
want this 25m former college athlete to explore you ?
ua could be as low as 60k one-way for biz but with dynamic pricing it is all over the place now .
but yeah if you have a specific date you have to meet then it is what it is .
oh yeah i bought one of those gatorade electrolyte drinks today and almost immediately felt better
or instead how about we do n't platform this worthless sack of shit ?
... but you 'll have to rewire your house to run it .
blades do n't shine in the dark they fucking glisten !
they get the money to save by having good high paying jobs of course there are people who make even less than minimum wage who save for 10 years but saving is an effort in diminishing returns .
many people today complain that it is much more difficult to save now for a house then it was say 10 or 20 years ago .
there are plenty other options to take beside saving .
i 'm quite certain rich dad poor dad disagrees with you about saving 100 .
fair enough i cant remember the 1st place i read it .
this is n't the only scenario in question ... .
this is one of many you 're ignoring to choose sides .
also op could probably get whatever off of his record
close second was the trash compactor room at a resort i worked at in undergrad also assumed there was some sort of star wars trash monster living down there .
i 'd give up the idea of banning certain models of guns in exchange for an israeli/swiss style level of universal background checks mandatory training .
i have been diagnosed with bpd in the past but lost that diagnosis quickly after i got help/left a toxic family situation .
i think i still have some traits but it 's more likely to be a combo of cptsd and adhd .
i had great success for tms with my mood .
this enabled me to better control my emotions and engage in more behaviours that were regulating and helpful for me .
i do n't think it 'll necessarily treat the bpd-like symptoms as there is n't enough research on this yet but from my experience anecdotally i think she will find great success for it .
thank you for pursuing help for your daughter btw i wish my parents did the same for me at that age !
but they were the reason i ever met the criteria so lol .
even if she does eventually get a bpd diagnosis the prognosis is actually very positive for those who get help .
yes there is a hive mind when something has an overwhelming amount of fans .
yes there is a problem that they downvote anyone who is against them to hell .
there 's also a problem when people post negative things on things that are highly rated just to troll .
unfortunately this leads to people who have actually constructive criticism and negative views of the film to get downvoted along with said trolls .
i mean if you 're trying to have constructive opinions/discussion you really should n't be trying to find that on the internet and reddit of all places in the first place quite honestly .
i currently do not have them which is why i am not using them
hammock book cast iron pan fire starter lanterns bluetooth speaker for music if you want water container thermos bug spray collapsible chairs
i can keep going lol trying to think of some that are n't typically on that basic list of supplies .
my laptop 's now too old to capture video as well as it did and i had burned myself out on it from doing too much at once early on .
maaaaaybe in a long time when i actually have all the characters but that 's a long shot .
got a mega with all i had done here https mega.nz/folder/upblfcct hlw5t7tadlhh7s3awucv0w and this person https www.reddit.com/user/s0phon/submitted made a ton of transparent gifs too
i think that ones already colored in on the right
dude do n't be shy slap a name on those .
camera footage can be doctored can be taken out of context etc .
sorry ca n't read your post my glasses ca n't show a sharp image
the worst is a yellow card and an indirect free kick on the six .
it 's not a 100 lyon would score from there ie wwc final usa v japan .
i 'm surprised i have n't seen anyone mention in finals they just play one game if the winner wins they go 1 game up but if the loser wins the series resets and they play a regular bo5 .
two months ago all the armchair generals were certain that ukraine falls in 4 days .
now everyone is certain ukrainian soldiers will conquer moscow .
i might go against the grain here but it really depends on you and how you value sex .
if you are one of those who think it is sacred and want to only share it with their husband then waiting till marriage is the right way to go if you think waiting till marriage is n't necessary and would rather have it only within a monogamous relationship then so be it and find a partner who you are attracted to lastly if relationships are n't required and you would like to be free-spirited about sexual intimacy then casual sex is the right answer for you .
there are unforeseen challenges that you would have to face by taking upon 2 of 3 of these routes waiting for marriage is hard and your partner may have more experience than you and jealousy is a real thing which definitely affects the relationship .
casual sex can be empowering yet daunting for some because the number of prospective men can be intimidated by your experience and might dip out early this can hurt your self-esteem so take decisions carefully .
it does n't make the situation any easier by labeling other men who ca n't date you over your past as insecure if you are in an area where men are n't scared of dating you with high casual sex experience then i highly doubt that you will have any long term problems in dating .
please take the advices here with an open mind since this is a sexually positive sub you are going to have 90 of people saying yes but it depends on you to take this route based on 'your ' values .
you do n't have to be religious to save yourself for marriage there are people who value sex highly and are n't religious .
you need to look around for more information to be sure .
there are people who have found the love of their life while sleeping around .
there is no shame in any route good luck on your journey op !
be safe and hope you go on great dates ! !
we will not reply to modmail messages similar to what is reason my post was removed ?
we loved your submission book but it has been removed because we no longer allow such short titles .
we want a little bit more hopefully with some context .
this makes using the search function much more effective .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
old one did n't i 've upgraded to v2.0 .
you can add lutris as a non-steam game and launch it from steam .
i admit this more of a workaround but i have n't really looked into a real solution myself yet because i have most of my games on steam anyways .
interestingly games on the heroic games launcher worked perfectly on my dualsense regardless of whether steam was running so it seems to be a lutris only issue .
i 'm a bot that converts temperature between two units humans can understand then convert it to kelvin for bots and physicists to understand
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smalltitsbigass if you have any questions or concerns .
i took on an old house that needed a ton of stuff .
i feel like you need to do a thing to completion .
it reads like you have so many projects started but not completely done .
download the scott 's app it will tell you what to do and when .
at least if your lawn is rehabbed you 'll feel better .
putting yourself first is definitely something i 've struggled with since we got married .
that 's exactly why ive been so unhappy because it 's always been a matter of putting her first at my own cost .
and i know that agreeing to try again with her would just be the same thing again .
your story definitely gives me hope so thank you .
i 'm 46 and it 's still a lifelong struggle grrrr
i did accutane when i was young ... over the last 10 years spironolactone which i think helps ...
what frustrates me when i do doxy aside from yeast infections is it 's just temporary
can you call the police ? why is that her first go-to ? ?
there is an enormous segment of the population who views the police as the muscle behind their identity that 's why it 's their first resort the moment they feel remotely insecure .
it 's the same mechanism that drives children to cry for mom or teacher whenever they feel things are n't going how they want they 're helpless and completely incapable of affecting their own life so they 've had to become well practiced in begging somebody else to do it for them
nah you got ta go full mage attire then after a parry quick swap into unga bunga equip and flatten them .
strangers read the rules and understand the sub topics listed in the sidebar closely before posting or commenting .
any content removal or further moderator action is established by these terms as well as reddit tos .
this subreddit is specifically for the discussion of anomalous phenomena from the perspective it may exist .
open minded skepticism is welcomed close minded debunking is not .
be aware of how skepticism is expressed toward others as there is little tolerance for ad hominem attacking the person not the claim mindless antagonism or dishonest argument toward the subject the sub or its community .
'ridicule is not a part of the scientific method and the public should not be taught that it is . '
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/highstrangeness if you have any questions or concerns .
no mission too difficult no sacrifice to great '' — lt. turner
the best way is to cryptographically verify the signature of the apk .
i wish they had the arugula separate like the prosciutto it gets too wilty for my taste .
do n't think they made their way to ps4 yet on switch and pc though .
and i do n't know if it 's crucial but it 's certainly a good ride !
well at least now i know what to do .
10 units ml against the pelicans on all of their games from here out .
the group dynamics feel very true to life and each character is relatable in some way .
winter 20 for spring 21 also 35k+mc beret for the oa sleeves ?
was the girl that mike raped harassing him too ?
seriously does everyone collectively forget that he has literally been convicted of rape ! ?
especially with the new metoo and feminist crowd this man still gets treated like just any other fighter when he 's a fucking monster !
thats an other thing pretty sure there is no ai in rivals lol .
like i get lena setting up shoots and girls if they into that .
but adam trying to set up every girl he comes in contact with ?
lol it 's obviously not about the content for him .
if this was a four door luxury saloon those wheels would slap something with more of a 300 or rolls royce shape .
a chinese base in the solomons will not be allowed in the first place .
try with a bipod or stabilization for better groupings .
join a mega server is a great idea more people online the more chances one of them raids when you can .
then you 're either looking for an early morning raid guild which does exist for people who work shifts like 2pm-11pm or you 're looking for an aussie guild .
when i worked at home depot back in the day i worked a 2-11 shift and raided with some aussies .
they raided from like 12pm-3am and it worked out perfectly .
no like i was recommending an anime 😅 sorry for the misunderstanding 🥲 but thank you for the recommendation
decent recruiter has that line for when people realise that their potential employers are not offering a fair salary for the job
defintely a squid lure glowstick when they 're washing up on the shoreline like that .
set up a trampoline and garden bed played in the yard beers on the porch now .
just like krom the god who answers and asks for no prayers .
one of my pet no pun intended hates is animals being dressed like humans .
please do n't make your dogs wear scoops ahoy hats .
i 'm a little confused by what you 're trying to say .
a concussion is milder than extreme cases but still classified as a traumatic brain injury .
there is a link between concussions and cte however we have n't yet had the research data to determine how strong that link is .
you can be diagnosed with a concussion in your lifetime and then also get a postmortem diagnosis of cte ?
not really no at least not experimental quantitative evidence .
with that being said is it possible or even likely that it was helpful for some based on anecdotal and historical reports ?
considering its proliferation it should be expected that it was able to help some .
with that being said it 's extremely important not to confuse the efficacy of a treatment with evidence for the theory .
for example a football player could think that them walking around the football field slowly once before an entire game helped them play better as they were able to better visualize the field .
while that 's certainly possible it could also be that he performed better due to the solitude and calm relaxed physical that occurred during the walk that helped him have a better game or perhaps it was both or something else entirely .
just because the action was beneficial does n't mean he truly understands why it helped him without further research to actually test the theory .
this same scenario occurs in psychoanalytic theory as well as verification of therapeutic effectiveness is not a verification of the theory which has frankly never been empirically tested by freud or others and evidence for the theory has relied almost purely on the effectiveness of methods as evidence of the theory .
i mean some of the techniques used by witch doctors were certainly effective but not because of their chanting or prayers but because of the biological nature of the treatment .
me personally i would hold onto the theories of freud very loosely and instead focus on methods and techniques as one need not completely prescribe to his theory in order to use most of the techniques .
give him a big hug from me the next time you see him .
tell him it is from an admirer of the not creepy variety .
be sure to check out https onlyfans.com/promohub to maximize your potential with promotional offers available to help you grow and reach more fans .
are you looking for another platform other than onlyfans to increase your earnings join fansly and sign up via our referral link https fans.ly/application/form ? r=promohub and receive 12 months free promo to help jumpstart your earnings unlike other referral programs this does not cost you a single cent !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansprom if you have any questions or concerns .
you do not have enough karma to post here .
please read the following link for information on gaining karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/femdomrp if you have any questions or concerns .
recently ran across a thread discussing how 5e is built around dms using some types of structure to their environments/reminiscent of dungeon crawls because on some level the game between encounters is about resource management .
speaking as someone who has heard much more ap than i have gotten to play it was just such an eye opener about how the game is fun to play vs. how it 's fun to listen to .
a dramatic story where every encounter is somewhat plot relevant or adjacent is fun to listen to .
if you were to run that raw totally not speaking from experience here no way the party would have no reasonable excuse not to get way more long rests than balance necessitates they get .
if you run a tense dungeon crawl that 's literally what the game 's mechanics are designed to accommodate and work well for .
that would be imo pretty bad ap listening to people track resources navigate a map you ca n't see and roll random encounters all without a super direct linear plot structure .
none of what i 'm saying there is universal or revolutionary but i 'm kind of wrapping my head around the in hindsight obvious idea that actual play is completely removed from d d as a balanced and mechanically fun game .
most interesting ap combat tends towards unfair and/or deadly because one big fight where everyone goes all out works a lot better for podcasting than 5 medium fights that are n't necessarily contentious but force you to wear down your resources .
this guy 's post history literally says grizzlies would have an easier time against the wolves than clippers .
then said grizz in 5 if they played the wolves ...
arguably it 's quite sexist in that almost all the agentic characters are male and women are often portrayed as helpless or reduced to sex objects .
however it is an excellent exploration of what it refers to as shut up and do the impossible '' i.e .
sometimes you do just have to man up '' and use every ounce of your strength because that is what 's necessary to do to honour the ones you love .
it takes what we commonly view nowadays as a somewhat toxic traditionally masculine trait and shows you it in the best possible light in a way which i found deeply inspiring .
it 's also a hilarious parody of power-up/shonen anime while simultaneously being a shining example of the genre .
ps the follow-up anime by the same studio kill la kill is dominated by strong female characters and has hardly any agentic/competent men .
i think viewing the two shows as a mirrored pair in that regard helps me forgive some of gurren lagann 's arguable sexism .
hershel negan and shane are the only ones i can think of currently .
shane killed one of the criminals when rick was shot .
it 's absolutely delusional to hope for the best .
many children brought into this world by single mothers end up very emotionally harmed by the fact that they had uninvolved fathers .
the women who did this to their children are very selfish they wanted the baby for themselves without any thought of what it was going to be like for a child growing up with a father who rejected them .
the remote person should record on their end either using a standalone recording application/device or a service like one of these https ecastr.com/compare https ecastr.com/compare
ideally the non-remote people would each have their own mic distanced from the others and their own channel .
that way each voice is on their own channel and you can turn up/down their volume in post .
ideally you could use something called an 'automixer ' or 'gain sharing ' .
there 's a free one from a third party that you can use in reaper .
there 's also expensive ones sometimes branded dugan after the inventor of gain sharing .
alternatively there are tools like the levelator or auphonic which attempt to level speakers as well .
a 'vocal rider ' attempts to level one speaker not multiple ones but might also work .
using tools like compression with make-up gain is a more manual process and free much more fine-grained but also a lot more labor intensive .
it 's pretty common for straight guys to not shave ever .
up to you though do n't worry about what others think .
we are in the centre of the observable universe .
any observer is the centre of their observable universe .
so just finished up the next hot sauce concoction 24 day ferment this time with some lime onion red and white garlic ginger in the ferment then garlic onion powder and honey added at the end just now .
the lime adds a new dimension it 's great .
it 's really hawt so now i 'm working on names for them .
i 'm calling this one 'satans s-bend ' or 'porcelain punishorr ' .
hey fitness fanatics just a reminder this subreddit welcomes men and women posters .
so do n't be a dick and report a post just because you do n't like seeing one .
just check the title tag ignore it and move on .
for more detailed rules please click here https www.reddit.com/r/workoutgonewild/about/rules but in general do n't be a dick !
troll behavior results in escalating bans from the subreddit .
if you see negative comments please report them and do not reply with snark of your own .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/workoutgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
obviously everyone do n't see the same thing you 're seeing link it
my hc is also for about 30,000 for the core wizarding population of the british isles as of september 1991 when harry potter starts hogwarts .
this would be a dip from a peak of maybe 35,000 in the '60s .
by 2022 that peak may or may not have been surpassed again .
witches and wizards with full citizenship rights such as they are mostly distinguished by owning and being legally permitted to own wands but also by paying taxes to the ministry of magic or being rich and tax-dodging .
their children excluding a squibs as distinguished by the absence of their names on the book of admission at hogwarts b those few minors who have been expelled from hogwarts or whatever magical schooling they are attending and c any hypothetical cases that opt out of the gift of magic and the wizarding world altogether
muggle-born children of hogwarts age who are actually attending the school .
i do n't think it 's worth counting any muggle-born kids who have refused hogwarts even if they are pursuing magical education by other means presumably a very small group anyway since the expectation would be that they 'd never be more than fringe members of the british wizarding community .
in britain there would be at least as many fringe magical people goblins centaurs house elves other sentient creatures squibs disgraced magical humans azkaban prisoners magical humans who only pay taxes to or have taxes to dodge from the muggle government but probably as many as 100,000 .
for the world 's core wizarding population i 'd go with something like
... with about 1 to 3 times as many on the fringes which can mean the same things they do in britain or not depending on local culture and conditions .
up to that point they had no mainline novel barring the short stories and the crimson fist has a ... controversial ... depiction of perturabo .
their only standout character was sigismund and he 's more memorable as the founder of the black templars .
their only other notable moment is the upcoming big l of the iron cage as they say .
sure they put up a great defense in saturnine but that 's ironically just wheel-spinning abaddon is back on his feet less than a few weeks later fulgrim ca n't be killed and the rest are bit parts .
even the solar war had dorn stuck fighting an endlessly respawning daemon until mersadie sacrificed herself to stop it .
there is too many of us what are you going to do ?
hello u/irishhenshin have you checked the faq https www.reddit.com/r/steamdeck/wiki/faq ?
it may have the answer you are looking for .
there 's also been hundreds of questions answered in the thread https www.reddit.com/r/steamdeck/comments/syt8qv/steam_deck_enhanced_faq .
we also have various guides which you can find on the guides page https www.reddit.com/r/steamdeck/wiki/guides .
if you find the answer please either leave a comment on this post with the answer for others or delete the post as to help keep the sub clean !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/steamdeck if you have any questions or concerns .
little bit of blue grass little bit of classic little bit alternative little bit of pop it varies greatly but play from your heart i 'm just happy to witness solid talent
in order to make r/selfie a better community we require a minimum karma and/or account age before you are allowed to post and currently your account does not meet one or both of those limits .
while we do not post the requirements these minimums will be waived if you post a verification photo .
a verification photo is simply a selfie with you holding a piece of paper that includes your u/oldschool43 r/selfie and today 's date .
more information can be found in our rules and verification wiki pages selfie rules guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/selfie/wiki/rules and verification rules guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/selfie/wiki/verification
nor should you delete this post if you are planning to submit a verification photo .
once you submit a verification photo on r/selfie and are approved moderators will release your earlier submissions .
while we apologize for any inconvenience we thank you for posting on r/selfie and appreciate your understanding .
we look forward to seeing you join our community .
please note our account age and karma standards are subject to change so even if you have posted here before at the time of this post you do not meet the current standard .
if you want to ensure you will always be able to post on r/selfie no matter what the minimums are set to you should post a verification photo .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
first rule of truth or dare dont ask questions that you do n't want to know the answer to .
devin booker is out with a hamstring injury and chris paul is not shooting the ball well .
unfortunately whenever someone asks an esoteric question such as what is the meaning of life ?
the answer is the more you know the more confusing it becomes .
i know right apart from the battery i really like this phonee
heavy dry brushing with a really light colour on high wear areas and the same colour filling in recent '' chips and cracks .
i saw your reply about bushwick not working because it 's close to brownsville just wanted you to know it really is not close at all .
it might look close on the map because nyc is generally pretty small but you 're not going to have spillover crime in the pretty gentrified bushwick from brownsville .
it 's not even necessarily easy to travel between the two neighborhoods by train .
also east williamsburg which is a made up real estate neighborhood is the area between bushwick and williamsburg and is a good middle ground between the two with lots of diversity and a good bar scene .
i 'd check out crown heights there 's a good bar scene with lots of young people and it is a historically and predominantly black neighborhood with a large concentration of caribbean people .
lots of pretty historic buildings too and close to the botanic garden and brooklyn museum .
prospect lefferts gardens is also right next to crown heights but right up against prospect park which is great though the neighborhood is n't as bar heavy .
greenpoint and williamsburg are both pretty young very gentrified but with long established bar scenes .
they are also both pretty white especially greenpoint but williamsburg is slightly more diverse .
both weapons sitting in my vault for the nostalgia .
this is probably her way of making sure you are n't going to sexually abuse her like her ex .
i know it hurts and that 's completely understandable .
you should talk to her and simply explain that although you understand why she did it it did upset you because she tested you .
just make sure you are clear on why it hurt and that you do understand why she did it though .
walk in clinics are not normally allowed to prescribe stimulants you 'll need a family doctor or a psych .
you could ask a walk in for a psych referral ?
your submission was removed in an attempt to fight spam .
either your account is too new or you have too low karma .
please submit a verification post https www.reddit.com/r/indiansgonewild/comments/1yz93h/introducing_verification to prevent this from happening .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/indiansgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
i just get frustrated when i mistakenly land on a slanted surface and slide for 20 minutes unable to do anything despite landing with nearly zero horizontal speed .
yes i could have taken off again and i did load and land on a better surface .
i 've given uo on wheeled vehicles at all now .
i was trying for a vanilla play through however .
seriously love this game and have hopefully not too high hopes for ksp2 !
i have n't read the article but in all honesty that title seems like the article would annoy me .
i would have to say right now i have no one to hate i 'm financially stable and everyone who i should be loving is alive and well yet i have no will to go on .
the one time i had the strength to call and seek a therapist i was told they were too busy and they would call back in the future .
that was 4 months ago still waiting but i deep down i know the strength is gone and i simply wo n't pick up the phone .
lots can change in 4 months so here 's hoping the next 4 are better then the last .
i would be getting on the starlink waitlist if i were you .
yet when we're boozed up we think we 're amazing !
just personally speaking i avoid old label grades as their standards were lower in that period when they didnt care about pokemon
yta simply for never talking to them about it when they notice you never wan na hang out at your place what are you gon na tell em ?
nta about the furnature though a friend of mine is pretty big but when he comes over he sits on the floor cuz he 's aware he can break furnature if he aint careful
i remember it being pretty sizable too the banner .
i was also shocked as kids were at the game it 's just horrible horrible thing to have done .
but have cro ready to pay for gas fees .
desert mints mshare and oasis mints svn to restake .
yeah that should count more than the alfa romeo 1-2 in my opinion .
alfa is only the name sponsor the team is still sauber .
ya hike the price of everything so really it 's the same price but you pay more for ad free '' ... lmao
smurfs just kinda figured out gender and went with it .
for a repair like this i 'd first dry clamp it to see if the crack closes .
if it does snowplow some titebond 3 in there and clamp it up .
if it doesnt ... that 's a whole other can of worms that i am jot experienced enough to answer
if i were faced with a sexy clit like that it would n't take long until you had to shower again .
yea the mom is acting shortsighted and selfish but this is typical for boomer parents .
they simply do n't understand the consequences of social media and they 're not going to learn it overnight .
i find that as realistic as any other explanation .
we 'll just have to get comfortable folding that new reality into what we think of as normalcy .
having sex always carries the risk of pregnancy despite measures .
simply if they do n't aknowledge the risks and potential outcome of doing so they should n't be having sex .
you may bet 50 and win more money but if you do n't counter in the risks in it you will lose more than you came with .
there 's a level of responsibility by the individual to know the potential outcomes .
if you do n't want to risk losing money you do n't gamble .
honestly i do n't respect someone 's ability to beat some arbitrary combination of endurance/puzzle challenges dreamt up by production especially compared to other survivor assets like thriving in the wilderness providing for the tribe or being a social threat .
because part of the fun for me is seeing people rise to the occasion in survivor and doing well or terribly outdoors or planning alliances .
with challenges you often just ca n't rise to the occasion if you 're simply not strong fast coordinated enough to beat whatever combination of things they throw at you in that episode .
plus there 's barely any rhyme or pattern to survivor challenges overall beyond broadly featuring some endurance puzzle teamwork elements .
it becomes especially random and arbitrary when it gets to the individual portion of the game .
all i 'm saying is i 'm not tuning in to survivor because of the challenges i 'm tuning in because of everything around it .
yeppppp just let the doctor know you need a mc today .
think i saw the gbog video on grimhammer 's first patch ca n't wait to try it as i never played it in game 2 .
i 'm just looking for good campaign experiences before ie comes .
this is also done by other status effects bleed is n't alone .
i love how they 're best friends in real life as well
you automatically own the copyright the moment you produce the work .
there is no need to register it as long as you 're able to provide proof that the work is yours such as being able to present older versions of it
maybe a heel drew vs face lashley because sd roster is extremely light especially with roman being used as an attraction now .
i meant to say people would not like what i have to say on here .
but sadly my cousin was smoking heavy blunts daily .
he claims to be a 'free speech absolutist ' yet he blocks people who criticize him .
he can not be trusted with control of such a dominant part of our modern information infrastructure .
i saw you got an appointment using another method .
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/18nsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
maybe we should n't be okay with an aristocrat who 's shown he 's against free speech buying one of the most used social medias on the planet ''
omg since when were we a left wing circlejerk ? ''
got my very soft real and it is great .
too bad rich soft is sold out for the clone currently
as the other guy said do n't waste gems right now save up for the builder .
but additionally do n't waste them because eventually upgrades will cost hundreds of gems and unless you pay for them you 'll have to wait multiple hours days or weeks for upgrades to finish .
i just let the bark dry out in my garage for a couple of weeks but otherwise i did n't do anything special to it .
the yogurt containers are midway up where the nepenthes are planted and concealed by curved pieces of bark .
for the little bit that still showed i used aquarium silicone and moss to cover it .
yeah the overblown reaction is an abuser tactic to flip the victim and the abuser .
... and i will not confirm nor deny if i have ever purchased one customized video from a french canadian college student in a sparkly mask
i would be extremely careful about offering money to redditors .
i wish you luck but seriously do not be willing to give people money unless you know the person 's reputation as a fair and honest individual .
as i said to you earlier it is an open source repo so you have rights to fork from it and try to do something different .
but as i 'll say now be really careful with your money .
hosting a server is n't cheap and i did so out of my own pocket with light donations to soften the financial blow .
hi i think when we wrote the rr it suggested alternating deadlifts and rdls each workout .
but checking now as it currently suggests you should be doing deadlifts once per week .
i would be looking at the former as my recommendation and even looking at eventually alternating squatting with a squat variation that works on your weakness .
for the moment though it still seems you have some room to solidify your squat technique so high frequency is good .
the other option would be modifying the program quite a bit and performing a different rep scheme each workout of the week with the load adjusted appropriately for each rep target .
this would lead to a slower progression in a way but with work at varying intensities which will round out '' your squat and deadlift .
you 're paraphrasing a comment that 's like two lines so you can twist my words i will say that 's excellent grifting
honestly i think it 's their responsibility to send you the part free of charge .
you paid a lot of money for that figure and you deserve to get what you paid for .
i would contact their customer service and send them photos to show it 's missing .
or at the very least cover the costs of shipping it back to them .
nvm i solved it instead of east america data center i had to select west
i 'd say she 'd be beautiful by modern standards but not so much back in the day that favoured plumpness .
und es gab auf keinen fall irgendeine andere wohnmöglichkeit die näher als 30km an deiner arbeitsstätte wäre ?
kelly is n't bad i can see the d backs playing spoiler
im dead aww poor leslie it 's probably way harder to think with all the pressure
you are dickriding mizkif and doing his job as well as all the other people who did n't win .
when did i ever say i was buying gifts ?
my ex step mom and dad are old they do n't know how to do it on their own .
her son had physical possession of her card and we ended up having to get her a new one because he would n't give us the details .
it makes sense to ask there because if it was possible they would know .
this persons cleanly never been to the appalachian or southern part of the us
most animal rights folk prefer you go veggie but hunting is alot more ethical than the alternative .
i 'd rather have too much info as not enough 😂
i started off pretty casual really just eh pogo is n't scratching the itch and i 've never played it might as well try it and i 've ended up loving it .
i 'm not really a casual gamer at all so no doubt i 'll be at the point of minmaxing and perfect stat hunting very soon !
most of the ones in use right now are ones i had from a low level .
marshtomp ofc is my starter and ray is obviously the most broken thing in game lol .
the other spaces are solidly taken yet but will likely end up being ninetails/glalie/walrein depending on luck and encounter and then just shiftry coz grass boi go brr .
i 'm sure a couple could use a buff or two but some i 'm sure are well past that point
wait i thought you only get one challenge during regular season ?
simply because your q ended up being buffered since you clicked it too early .
mid r2 you clicked q and your mouse was in the direction of the r2 so that 's where the q ends up .
if you restarted the game at any point in this process you might have fallen victim to the 5m^3 glitch where factories lose all their stored fluids at restart .
build a single fluid buffer for each type and try again after getting everything going again of course
eu espero que os jovens do brasil não se espelhem em euphoria pra nada amém hehehe protagonista da história e tratada como heroína bastava um proerd e já era
hopefully they can make a cool rts but those are hard games to make .
with my first harvests i was too excited and got all gung-ho with them eating them every weekend practically .
within six weeks i was up to 10g to break through and it started to feel to me like i was abusing them .
after a six week drought i began timing my trips every 2-3 weeks 5-6g 's and the trips have been much more meaningful and the positive aftereffects much longer lasting
they 'd probably just send her a c d though .
it would be funny to see mcdonald 's sue a herbalife hun for such a blatant infringement though .
is there room in the pot to add it in with the tomatoes ?
somewhere not to far or even a get away in your own home .
enjoy your house that 's quiet where she does n't need to wear a bra .
does n't need to put on shoes or run after anyone .
no kids crawling into your bed or crying in the night .
talk to each other have deep chats about your moods feelings fantasies .
have a hot drink together or even a glass of wine .
make sure the house is clean so that you can relax and there is nothing to do .
new bed sheets where the kids have not left crumbs in there 😂 you know exactly what i mean .
you can go somewhere if that 's what your feeling but do n't push for sight seeing and dinner plans .
keep things low key quality time together and make sure none of the planning or work is the responsibility of your wife .
let her be in a position where all she has to do is be there and enjoy it .
they definitely seem to be a notch or two above the other brands .
i ca n't find any qc issues whatsoever with mine .
this subreddit is open to all onlyfans models to post content .
we determine if someone is a model by their full onlyfans link as a comment .
we did not see an onlyfans link under this post so we have removed it from the subreddit .
i will monitor this post for an onlyfans link once i see one as a comment i will approve this post .
i am only a bot and i may make mistakes .
if i have removed your post in error please use the send a modmail '' link below to send the moderators a link to this post and they can approve it manually .
we are not saying you are not an onlyfans model .
we are saying we did n't see an onlyfans link as a comment under your post .
we are asking you to put your link as a comment .
this post is not deleted it is just not viewable to the subreddit .
do not delete this post yourself this post will be approved once you put an onlyfans link as a comment .
you can comment your onlyfans link on this post and we will approve it .
we will not go to your profile to verify you are a creator .
it must be an onlyfans link under the post url redirectors or onlyfans trial links are not recognized .
comments are not locked on this post if you are seeing a message saying so you are trying to reply to the automod comment and not your post .
if you are getting a message that says please wait '' that is reddit that is slowing down how often you post .
we can not control this all you can do is wait until reddit will let you comment .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfansnextdoorgirls message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fonlyfansnextdoorgirls 2fcomments 2fubzfdr 2fnew_vip_page_naughty_milf_next_door_that_body 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
i travel extensively with bikes own 4 bike cases and have used or owned others in the past .
my go to favorite for mountain bikes is the evoc soft sided case .
two of my 4 cases are hard sided so this is not reflective of a bias against hard cases .
the evoc offers wonderful protection and rigidity while packed and without the need to extensively dissassemble the mtb bike as in most hard cases .
if you 're super tight on budget use a hand grinder like a 1zpresso .
grinder quality is usually more important than the machine unless it 's so cheap it needs a pressurized porta filter .
time is relative not at the moment but who knows what it could be worth one day !
yes and it appears to be hereditary as my dad does it as well .
what is the point of giving the mic to the umpire if they do n't explain how they reached their decision ?
there is a camp right up against the rail actually affixed to the rail at sb 99 e. stockton .
i ca n't imagine how loud it is there .
freeways have a lot of easements and cal trans seems to only worry when it impedes a project .
i suspect the increase is the decreasing tolerance for homeless on sidewalks .
or the chinese people wearing shirts that says gay '' or eggplant '' or any random english word in big bold letters but they 're none the wiser
the tattoos are more stupid though you can always get rid of a shirt but you ca n't get rid of your skin
for your security do not post personal information to a public forum including your coinbase account email .
if you 're experiencing an issue with your coinbase account please contact us https help.coinbase.com/en/contact-us.html directly .
if you have a case number for your support request please respond to this message with that case number .
you should only trust verified coinbase staff https help.coinbase.com/en/coinbase/other-topics/other/is-coinbase-present-on-social-media.html .
please report any individual impersonating coinbase staff to the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/coinbase if you have any questions or concerns .
have to get a printer to print out the internet for each important date !
looks like i 'm winning dude and it 's not even close right now. i say with a big smirk on my face as i roll the ball to get a bigger score .
harambe was killed may 2016 this is my date choice
check out these new subs in the sexyplus network ... where chubby reigns surpreme !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
no one on a historically great defense had more than 6 sacks .
if you 're looking at individual numbers and trying to correlate that to nfl success this is one of those instances where it 's not going to work .
everyone else on that list had one or two other guys on their team that was on par with them .
the uga defense is going to put half a dozen guys in the nfl this year .
my tongue would like to go back and forth between both places for scientific purposes .
it seems you have previously posted a submission within the past 2 hours so your post has been removed per rule 13 https www.reddit.com/r/femboys/about/rules .
please wait 2 hours before submitting a new post .
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffemboys .
it 'd be a pretty shit gun if it did n't
i also just told more jokes found out i was the funny guy and ran with that
the g series powershot cameras were so good many professionals me included would keep one in their bag in the event of our main camera failing
i remember we had a ppv party and watched this live and it was indeed a train wreck .
one part in particular has stuck with me one of the girls wild girls not wwe girls came out with a tampon string dangling down and it swung around as she was getting wild .
my gf at the time howled with laughter at how horrible this whole thing was .
conceding those set pieces in dangerous errors is a failure of the defence and a sucesss on the part of the attacking team too though and so should n't be entirely disregarded .
not giving away those opportunities is part of a solid defence .
one of my closest friends is someone i met on discord .
they have one for the mouthpiece but not the heating chamber .
so sad the bountiful bill gate boobies were fake day is ruined
michael is best boy 3 try to change my mind you can not
his face was covered in dust so he could n't really see the outfit he was wearing
omg your pussy is absolutely gorgeous and your breasts are unbridled wonders of nature my beautiful gorgeous sexy darling 😍😘❤️🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹😛😛🍆💦🍆💦🍆💦
dawg you do n't think i 'm already ashamed of that ?
ik i failed and i 'm asking for help .
nobody goes to class in engineering and my freshman year was all on zoom so it 's hard as hell to make new friends .
yeah they 're the official site of formula 1 but they do n't host any of the races or events .
the only tickets f1 sells directly are f1experiences and hospitality .
so my roommate also a hodler wants an 6x6 g wagon post moass .
for months we 've check up on them and there have been none for sale in the states .
not only did one just pop up in our state but he has also been calling a june moass all year .
i 'm thinking we are probably gon na find out that steve nash 's coaching career also read the observer too
yea this dimension is for the people who just went on collecting stamps without actually entering into pavilions
i feel like she needs to escape her current relationship before she should try with another guy .
she needs to priortize getting herself and her kids away from her husband-not-husband
remember to rate your own post as a top-level comment not a reply to this and do not delete it within 30 days or you may be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/truefmk if you have any questions or concerns .
you wo n't do that until offered a position at a hospital .
this allows you to work at different hospitals and different specialties while shadowing a nurse .
it may provide you with an idea of where you want to work .
nursing school has a set curriculum that covers a wide range of information .
i do n't believe it will provide specialized training or education .
to combat rising spam and alleviate issues with trolls we have suspended all comments for all posts .
you have done nothing wrong and can still post there is just no reason to comment on a post if you like it send a chat request if you do n't you get to keep your feelings to yourself .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyredditchat if you have any questions or concerns .
have you ever worked a minimum wage food service job ?
it 's not easy nor requires a single brain cell '' by any means .
if anything my 6 figure wfh job is the easiest one i 've ever had .
much much easier than my job making pizzas for 7/hr when i was 16 .
you should ask yourself why you think some people do n't deserve to live a comfortable life just because they may or may not have had the same opportunities as you .
i like the barefoot look but it 's really hard to word that in away that does n't make me look like a freak
ask yourself why are you trying so hard to justify reckless speeding through residential areas ?
oof yeah i 'm glad i deleted my comment on their post because they had sorbet in least favorite peri if you see this i 'm sorry for being mad .
i understand it 's an opinion and i will not do something like that ever again on this subreddit
i do n't wan na make you super paranoid but there are a lot of people on social media who outright do roids and lie about it .
i do n't think people should lie about doing steroids but i also usually do n't want people do fuck with their bodies for no other reason than some kind of superficial nonsense .
for me it 's about being the best i personally can be .
not about how big i could grow if i just inject more growth juice into myself .
you 're thinking surely not all of them are ? ''
everytime anyone points this out you 'll have the choir of nattys '' shouting through the woodworks that they really are natty honest ! !
but it should n't be that people have to pretend to be natural .
they should rather be responsible about telling young people to not expect insane things and make them feel like they have to go that extra mile to live up to their own expectations that they have from their role models who are n't telling the whole truth .
maybe this is an unpopular opinion but i 'd vastly prefer the me3 gameplay over the andromeda gameplay for level design purposes .
because of the movement freedom in andromeda you do n't get many linear experiences and i feel that 's where mass effect really shines .
andromeda 's gameplay suits the open world of that game but i think the tailored experience of me2 and 3 are far more compelling .
my ex husband had gotten real sick one day and then all of a sudden he started screaming at work that his balls were on fire.. out dropped the caterpillar at the er they are venomous however it said it effects some kind of gland more than others hence the ball burning 🥵 but it 's been years soni do n't remember but that is what i do know now .. do n't play with caterpillars
you run around and stuff for 5-10min then boom literally a free kill
it 's true i love thick curvy women y'all are my kryptonite
they cnn on a report i watched said they were developed by the us airforce or navy i cant remember which very quickly to help ukraine in their current battlefield conditions .
anything developed that quickly had to be an adaptation to something already available .
my guess is the switchblade 600 capable of anti-armor or a top secret project not announced .
though i think its highly unlikely were giving top secret weapons to a foreign army that close to an enemy that can seize and reverse engineer top secret military tech
i do n't think asking someone not to bring a gun on a date is a big ask .
that 's the view i wan na wake up to .
the fans got too ahead of themselves only to watch raptors get blown out 2x and a heartbreaker .
i was nervous every time they cut the lead to 9 in the 4th
and i leave my 3 and 5 year old alone to do tons of stuff when i 'm on the property .
but actually leaving the property seems wrong even though i know it 's fine .
my 5 year old is super responsible and keeps his brother out of trouble too .
i trust them riding their bikes around the yard and not going on the road or going too deep into the forest .
we have a baby too and they all sleep well .
after bed time literally nothing would happen if i ran to the store .
my wife and i will hang out by the fire without hesitation .
but leaving the property is a line i ca n't cross .
i guess in case i was in an accident and could n't make it home i know this could also happen at home or if the house burnt down or something .
have been holding for over a year and seeing the excitement of this is causing me to lose faith
i dont remember exactly if it was yellow but it is paper size for me .
but i still have this completion card with me .
i was handed this card on the spot after the last day of the course .
the paper size came in the mail about a week later for me .
the dmv collected the paper size one when i went to do my written test .
https www.google.com/search ? q=dl+389+certificate+example tbm=isch ved=2ahukewityq6t27d3ahx-g2ofhbtkb-uq2-ccegqiabac oq=dl+389+certificate+example gs_lcp=chjtb2jpbgutz3dzlxdpei1pbwcqazohccmq7wmqjzoecaaqdtogcaaqdraeoguiircrajoecb4qclcybvi0egdzewgacab4ayabnqkiaa0nkgefms4zljwyaqcgaqhaaqe sclient=mobile-gws-wiz-img ei=-vxnyu3pfp6hqtsptjwfqa4 bih=399 biw=412 client=ms-android-verizon prmd=ismvn hl=en imgrc=-ynnrfixkov_fm
had it been cyclist plenty of them would have brought on cars .
gilgit balistan have a east asian/south asian look to them .
and kalash and kashmiri look more south asian or nordic type
it is the national firearms act ... it 's basically the reason we ca n't have most machine guns ... the only ones we can get are the ones that were manufactured before a certain year 1984 i believe and there 's a big ridiculous process that we have to go through to buy them ... it 's basically a direct infringement on our second amendment rights
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/gamephysics/comments/ubqdy9/hellish_quart_godtier_footwork
a shit i thought they were a duck cleaning service .
there 's many views across denominations but the mainstream view in most established churches catholic lutheran anglican/episcopalian presbyterian is that homosexuality is n't something to be punished and civil unions are fine because it is solely a matter of the government not the church but marriage as a sacrament can not be administered to a same-sex couple because the bible makes it clear the sacrament of marriage is only between a man and woman .
first off there 's a dedicated subreddit to character help called r/3d6 so you might want to look there but i 'll throw in my 2 cents regardless .
in the worlds of d d sorcerers are born with magic coursing through their veins whereas other classes usually have to learn the magic somehow so that 's your best bet .
if you want your character to be bad at using magic since they presumably just learned they had it check out the wild magic sorcerer !
all the spells work as normal but there 's a chance that some unintended but usually not explicitly bad consequences might happen !
a personal favorite wild magic effect of mine is your character accidentally turning themselves into a potted plant but they range from fireballing yourself to giving a random nearby creature the ability to fly !
as it turns out sorcerers also start with proficiency in light crossbows .
crossbows use your dexterity to attack and since your dexterity is going to determine your armor class defensiveness you should be decently good with them .
something you might learn over time is that flavor is important to d d .
that 's when the spell says one thing but since it 's an imagination game we imagine it as something else .
sorcerers happen to have some really fun elemental spells but say you wanted to use the spell grease which creates a puddle of grease that makes it harder for enemies to walk .
there 's nothing stopping you and your friends at the table from just saying that it 's a sheet of ice on the floor or something else with a similar effect .
i hope this is helpful feel free to reply or dm me if you have more questions
if she really is 9 that means in a couple months she will be 10 ...
two main characters are now dead by suicide in the spinoff about a wacky lawyer that was originally supposed to be a half hour comedy .
my ybs used to bask like that all the time but as he grew he stopped
it 's a rollercoaster of good korn and shitty korn .
he self hypes everything it 's so delusional at this point .
what company and position is that so that i can apply !
we still have a 5 chance to win the game everyone !
lmao my hamster who almost looks the same as yours did the same ☠️
your personal usage or the intent they were laid out for ?
perhaps some are for smart cars some are for mopeds and motorcycles etc ... ?
vandalizing property is a crime the amount it costs them to put it back like it should be is often the determination of severity of the crime though i do n't know in texas .
his base abilities did n't work on bm or kaido but his awakened abilities worked on bm but how many last attacks does law have to give .
because there communists that support communism and it is an alternative to death and death is an alternative to failure
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/dankinindia/comments/uc4as5/mudizi_enjoin
they 'll introduce you to a fake crypto/forex trading site promising you ridiculous profits then they will take all your money and vanish .
i estimate that this specific scam industry is worth hundreds of millions of dollars if not billions based on the volume of people who post here and how much they claim to have lost .
r/onlyfans_promo is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans_promo if you have any questions or concerns .
or try to acquire some common sense like the rest of us .
all the haskins comments are really sad in hindsight .
sorry u/johnsnowwhite your submission was removed for advertising social media click bait titles !
if this is a mistake and your post it 's legit send us the link to verify it .
please do n't send us a link that is against our rules as we might take it as an offence for not reading the rules and we will ban you for 30 days .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/18_19 if you have any questions or concerns .
the art itself is partly to blame since the art has a chibi roundness to it specifically the younger characters and makes the models not far off from the official art .
b shenhe ouch that is hard it took me like 20 minutes of thinking d hu tao
d kayea if there is money prize mona sheeeesh another tough choice xd
how most of these buildings were destroyed and turned into ugly brutalist cube buildings and parking lots
could n't people say whatever they wanted on there before anyway besides obviously racial slurs and outright death threats ?
are n't people going to just use different words to convey similar messages and thoughts ?
your first 6 star champ should be one that can solo farm the campaign for you so you can level up 3 food champs and farm gear.ignatius is one of the best campaign farmers in the game .
my account started just like yours with kael as my starter and an ignatius pull as my first legendary .
i had this same debate back then and went with kael because i heard good things about his nuke and poison but was n't sure how good ignatius would be outside of spider .
i only needed one nuker and underestimated ignatius for far far too long .
ignatius is insane and is now my main arena nuker !
he has 2 aoe nukes both of which hit harder than kael 's aoe nuke .
he is also a defense based champion so he gains damage by building defense the same stat that reduces the amount of damage you receive .
this makes him a hard hitting tank and absolutely ridiculous in lifesteal gear .
you can use him in campaign all dungeons arena clan boss faction wars and even hydra .
that said i 'd still 6 star kael just after ignatius lol .
i mean hair clipping through a jacket does n't really change anything about the optimization of the game itself .
a square of 85 chocolate with a tsp of peanut butter on top
and there are 466,000 electricians out of 330 million people .
you should start with ds1 and work up to 3
blue court was fun to look at and bounce and speed of ball on it was more fun to watch .
the easiest mechanism to move up a level for me was always domination .
civs that are balanced with a good unique unit like arabia and babylon are ones i like .
also england on naval maps their long bowman is a great defensive compliment to the ship of the line .
you can stay competitive til mid/early end game when ideology protects the happiness enough to swoop in with artillery and tanks to take everyone 's capital .
focusing heavily on food was another thing like many said .
trade routes provide food and while 3 or 4 food may look un appealing i often think of 1 food being worth 3 or 4 gold in early game so it has to be a really appealing trade route maybe with science if i 'm falling behind there to send anywhere besides in empire another exception is city state quests for city states im vying for
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/vwoijqz34tv81.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
usually the shape of a penis evolves in whatever way allows for the most effective reproduction .
whichever way keeps leakage to a minimum keeps the partner there long enough to fertilize effectively or accommodates the opposite sex 's anatomy .
granted i 'm not buying it either but it 's absolutely not uncommon .
season xx swords of sanghelios or something like that .
final armor unlock or armor kit is like the arbiter 's armor .
praying the rosary in latin is as good as yoga for slowing your heart rate .
i 've tried mindfulness '' and wim hof breathing .
i do n't think either is inherently anti-christian but they 're pretty soft as far as actual meditation .
i steer clear of actual yogic or buddhist meditation because i do see those as non-christian religious practices .
i 'll just ignore cassie and tell cassie 's ex boyfriend that everyone he knows is a piece of shit
did n't love either the way he did peyton .
oh you approached him and said that you were happy .
estrogen in the mtn dew did n't we talked about this at the last meeting ?
maybe jj can develop some pass rush moves but kt was clearly the better pass rusher in college .
jj got stuffed a lot at the line of scrimmage .
not sure if that is a scheme thing but kt seemed to beat his man a lot more .
i 've made the absolute worst decision in my younger years telling my mom that i was an teen baby diaper lover .
though she 's been slightly tolerant towards me she thinks it 's taboo and a gateway to the bad things .
however her tolerance only comes with the fact i 've sworn to never act upon animal like instincts .
she really began questioning it once in my college years i wore during finals and test days .
she 's literally the only family member that knows my little side .
friend wise too many of them know or somewhat '' know but do n't care .
however my new ones do n't know and wo n't know unless they show they would be okay with it .
to determine that you would just need to bounce the car go for a test drive or do a good visual inspection .
what are the negatives associated with disease on a cruise ?
maybe passengers and crew feeling bad and possibly dying plus the impact of spreading disease at the destinations .
how do current numbers compare to precovid numbers and how do they compare to our acceptable numbers ?
i remember some leakers previously stating there would n't be a double re-run with yelan may be mistaken though so this is confusing .
the animation in s1 made me give up on the series 3 times before i finally got past it and so glad they changed it for season 2 cause i liked it a lot more from then on .
rayla naruto runs '' early on which also contributed to me thinking it was trash which they thankfully avoid that later as well .
the dialogue is also kind of weird and awkward in s1 though i actually think it 's kind of awkward throughout the series .
but if you can get past s1 the show as a whole does get way better i agree !
gon na see if the philips airfryer is up to the task .
the el ' cheepo one wasnt so low expectations .
hey u/lyla-hot unfortunately your account does n't reach our minimum requirements for posting to our subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/twentyplus if you have any questions or concerns .
turkish uses the latin alphabet well a variant of it .
those things do n't exactly come up with random strangers i encounter on the street
your post/comment has been removed because your account is too new there is a one week waiting period .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/houstonnsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
man thought he was really going to come to golden state and take the team over from there .
cue quartararo riding with his suit open bare chested at 300+kmh last year in barcelona .
these guys do n't think about safety only going faster .
i 'd recommend thickening it a little so it stands out as a sweater .
you can still keep the values closer to each other while changing the shape to depict a thicker fabric that clearly stands out .
ivan got an original gameboy and he 's stuck on level 3 of tetris .
your submission was removed because you have not verified with the mod team .
from now on the ass only allows oc content from verified users .
please read here for steps on how to verify .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ass if you have any questions or concerns .
i used to play a lot of single player rpg games .
you would not see this at most other schools outside the top 10 or so in the country .
this what going to a top school like umich gets you .
meh.. for engineering i think it has more to do with the strength of the alumni network and availability of project teams rather than the school 's prestige with the exception of cs .
for example ik clemson iowa msu and ms state all have career fairs on par with michigan 's depending on the engineering discipline .
also the rigor of the engineering courses at u of m and western are likely comparable due to abet
however op should still definitely pick u of m. i just wanted to clarify that the reason for its large career fairs has little to do with prestige .
i see that you are a men of culture as well ... ''
i think he might be cuter than me and that is not allowed ''
yea that 's true it can do good but if you soley do as the purpose of the aircraft i.e attack shit in an air rb setting you have a way tougher time then before
in the us it 's definitely considered endemic by the general public at this point .
i live in colorado and no one has been at all concerned about covid since february when the omicron wave of infection dropped off hard .
i 've had three moderna shots at this point and going forward will probably treat it like a flu vaccine getting one shot a year and then not concerning myself with it beyond that .
was there a joke outside of the original joke that i missed ?
what made it funny when it was sung in japanese ?
seeing people get sliced with knives/injecting into their veins on tv always makes me cringe so bad
the premise of the joke sorta suggests she 's promiscuous .
i 've got shaak echo bb tech and cody and sarge named as the budget batch ''
glad my comments have assisted you in making a decision .
it 's always difficult making these type of decisions .
thank you by the way currently i have the long range on order but have considered ordering the performance .
the biggest reason i went with long range is because my brother lives up north in el dorado hills .
figured i 'd benefit from driving the long range .
to be honest the performance is not completely out of the question yet .
second picture is my face when i get camped at 5 gens and hit on hook repeatedly
please report unverified sellers who respond privately to your buy ads .
this is against our rules and will result in a safer community for everyone .
there has been a recent increase in scamming from unverified sellers who will contact users through their buy ads .
for your own safety only work with sellers who are verified on our subreddit .
moderators will be unable to help you if you work with unverified sellers .
to ensure someone is verified ask every seller to comment on your thread and check that they have verified seller or trusted seller flair before continuing .
if they ca n't comment they may be banned .
message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsexsells with any questions about a user .
do not send payment until you have seen for yourself that a user is verified .
a user who offers to verify for you themself on kik/cam/etc may be who they say they are but there is no way to hold them accountable in the event that they take your payment and do not deliver services .
please refer to the ban list https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/wiki/bans before sending a seller payment especially if they claim to be verified but have not commented on your thread .
many of the sellers '' messaging you who will not comment are on this list .
there are many scammers who are not on this list do not work with unverified sellers !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexsells if you have any questions or concerns .
she has picked up poo from the dogs previously and amber already admitted to it being a prank in text .
so even if it was the dogs she must 've picked it up and put it there or her friends
i mean get that depp lost in the uk and this really has no bearing on the outcome .
ur definitely right just do n't know who to put we 've been fucking good this year
even at level 1 you have more than 1 hp right ? !
how did they get the rainbow sister hp to be 1 ?
if there was a loophole in some system after a certain number of people start exploiting it they 're going to find out and fix it .
we used to wrap them problem is it costs you a grand in materials each time you wrap it and it looks out of date in a year or so anyway .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barelylegalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
find all traces of dna to use as evidence to bring these scumbags to justice .
lasertag go-kart und was mit so spontan einfällt ist der kletter/kanupark am markleeberger see .
klettern am see sitzen dort gibts ein restaurant man kann rafting machen surfen lernen ... .
yes your dna would be at the crime scene .
however since there 's like a 99.999999 chance that you would n't be a suspect there 'd be no reason why the police would turn up at your door with a court order for you to get a dna test to confirm that it was your blood at the crime scene .
you know unless your dna is already on record but even then it 'd be unlikely that you 'd already be a suspect .
that 'd just give them 1 bit of evidence and on its own it would n't be enough to convict you or should n't be .
they should make the crouching take an extra second before he jumps
i was like 12 years old and i was spending the night at my grandmas house we were alone and grandma fell asleep so i decided to masturbate with my clothes on to a robotlady on a science magazine .
i cum wetting my underwears a fucking uncomfortable mess .
i could n't go to the bathroom because it was fucking outside and there was a huge crazy dog i was afraid of .
so i decided to put a bunch of serviettes/table napkins on my underwear in order to dry that mess .
i was expecting to quit those napkins after a couple of hours but i fell asleep .
when i woke up there was n't any fucking napkins i guess my grandma saw them coming out from my shorts .
she never said anything about it and i cringe every single time i remember it .
your submission has been removed as it 's not within the subreddit rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jizzedtothiss if you have any questions or concerns .
sorry i 'm having a hard time answering your question .
i 'm not trying to pretend it does n't exist .
at this particular time i think it 's impossible to prove that you 've been able to successfully exercise somebody especially to somebody who does n't want to believe .
i 've seen skeptics remain skeptical after witnessing the impossible '' before .
like paintings flying off of walls for no reason and voices coming from nobody and nowhere .
i hope i answered your question that time i 'm having a hard time wrapping my head around it .
i do think this sub can be too harsh on the kids .
they are innocent and i do n't think they should be degraded like they often are here .
for what it 's worth i do n't downvote or comment i just scroll past .
all of that agility that flex that floof ... . !
please note that use of paypal is not supported by r/sexsells .
paypal can and will freeze accounts used for adult transactions keeping the funds inside .
please consider accepting paypal through gyft.com or updating your post with one of our alternate payment methods found here https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/wiki/payments .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexsells if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've noticed you 've talked about the fandom ignoring susie on several occasions now .
i mean fair because susie is definitely a character i really like just under ralsei and noelle on my ranking and just above kris berdly and rouxls kaard .
i think problem is she does n't have the most lore potential but she should be as equally as important to theorizers on the grounds that she is most certainly the most important character story-wise .
she 's got that main character energy going on and certainly breaks most of the game 's established rules in one way or another .
also despite her huge character arc across chapter 1 she still has so much more potential for development and character growth .
i predict she 'll be a totally different person in more ways than one than her in both chapter 1 and 2 .
took your word went to adelitas ended up with the venezuelan someone was talking about 🥴🥴
we suggest you to take a look to the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/downblouse if you have any questions or concerns .
when fucking bots make up better villain designs than us..
i agree with all of that except the gourmet meal part
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/downblouse if you have any questions or concerns .
or it 's just a place holder for the wish list ?
there will be a fictional su-57 variant with hcaa as a special weapon .
the only complain if this will be the actual loadouts would be the lacm on both su-57 and sr-72 simply for variety in the dlc planes loadouts .
well the last dlc also had 6aam on both super kai and super fulcrum .
funny that no one mentions f-35b which also will be in the movie .
no one is talking about the actor guy but social media sure is pushing it .
lol i season my my food with about a quarter of a reaper pepper and regularly use reaper sauces .
if i want real heat i go for my flatline and 7m scoville or regret if i wan na die when i 'm drunk 12m scoville
ca n't assume that about people immediately jumps to classist garbage in the previous comment .
please write down a submission statement either in the post body or in the comment section .
after two hours posts without submission statements may be removed anytime .
top-level comments direct reply to op 's question/statement that are joking/meme-like trolling consist of only a single word or irrelevant/off-topic will be removed .
trolling/inflammatory/bad faith/joking questions are going to be removed as well .
answers that are not top-level comments will be exempted from strict moderation but we encourage everyone to keep the reply relevant to the question/answers .
op should also engage in the discussion as well .
please report any top-level comments that break the rules to the moderator .
remember that any comments and the post itself are still subject to no harassing/flaming/doxxing rules !
feel free to report rule-breaking contents to the moderator as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/indonesia if you have any questions or concerns .
pretty sure these are whatsapp clips that can be recovered.maybe these are the clips that sai told that was backed up in his hard drive whilst formatting the phones for dileep and co .
remember in the beginning when balchandran kumar revealed dileep told him to contact via whatsapp as he was scared his phones were tapped ? the irony !
these women arrived in germany and dudes were waiting to take advantage of them by offering help ''
advancing the technology of space flight is a positive for humanity .
he 's made electric cars and solar power more economically viable .
do you seriously have an issue with him not solving every single problem on earth ?
what the fuck have you done with your life that 's so great that you 're judging his record ?
😈😋👅i grant all your wishes love i wait for you 🔞💣 https onlyfans.com/action/trial/uj8x8yaubi0xnyazoalrydp8tlzhf4ke
my only blackmark was from like 2007 or so and thats been long removed
edit wow i googled it and apparently the blackmark system was removed from rs in 09 and switched to something else
i 'm single because i 'm traumatized of man and was n't born gay
did n't he get fined by the sec by using his twitter to manipulate share priced ?
this just seems like his ego got pinched and he 's retaliating ''
exactly what i was thinking and i think that this is an underrated point of view .
so they were all bitten but only one developed rabbies ?
i bought an 8-foot butcher block counter-top from home depot and stained it with rubio monocoat .
very solid and even at 8 feet i have zero concerns with sagging having two 27 inch monitors on it .
i think the important piece of missing information is that you do this per pixel .
hence why it needs to be low res to get a better framerate using relatively slow phyics raycast
was that what she ultimately served or was there an early parole ?
does this bot only read the first sentence of the comment or is it just always wrong ?
eh da je samo tvog psa okacio bata bleji na ovom subu i twituje komentare koji nakupe karmu u nadi da ce dobiti smrdljive lajkove na twitteru .
5.5k coins to avoid playing an extra 6 squad battles is coins well spent !
we had a chance back in 2001 but the nimbys voted it down
and if by not having infant gloves '' you suspect him of abuse or as s danger to your son document everything ! ! !
if he 's a true narc he 'll be looking to play father of the year very quickly in public
and that sub has some questionable gatekeeping so do n't take it personally .
wan na add this instead of trading as special points take it as star gems .
1 crude staff 6 star gems 20 charcoal 90 star gems in your case 1 sp 6 star gems and elven coin 75 star gems .
also 1 chainmail is 54 star gems but when you try to sell it it 's value will be halved .
anything you buy from merchants their value will be halved crude staff valued at merchant is 12 star gems but we trade it for 6 star gems .
also ice fire poison potions are each 10 star gems
recovery potions are 30 star gems while stat potions are for 60 star gems .
so when u find a unidentified potion do n't use it try to go to merchant store and select it to see it 's value .
if it can get you a crest of transcendece which is valued at 30 star gems then your potion is a stat potion .
also for meat cuisine big jerky values at 30 star gems small one at 15 .
if it is cuisine merchant shop cuisines are sold for 30 star gems .
if it is meat cuisine shop do not sell normal cuisines there sell only meat cuisines jerkys sausages otherwise they will lose their value .
but crude staff and charcoal have their value same at all other merchants .
all i 'm saying is that letting the system do what it 's suppose to do is only something white men have the luxury of saying or believing in this country with this context .
pretty much anything that 's vulnerable to silver or magical attacks have this weird loophole because the silvered '' and magical '' modifiers only normally apply conditionally to weapons and thus weapon attacks spell damage is considered to unconditionally be magical afaik .
it would make more sense to say it has resistance except against magical or silvered weapon attacks '' but instead it means damage from falling or for instance traps all bypass it because it 's worded inclusively rather than exclusively .
the kraken is an example that illustrates it well it has immunity to lightning damage as well it 's separated from the three other damage types by a semicolon and is thus blanket immunity no matter the context but the bludgeoning piercing and slashing damage is n't .
ultimately it 's up to the dm to decide but like with most rule ambiguities jeremy crawford has an answer https twitter.com/jeremyecrawford/status/633313892605673472 .
werecreatures and other monsters are fully vulnerable to falling damage .
i was speaking to an nhs consultant the other week and they mentioned how they 'd been lumped with a massive tax bill because they 'd had a bunch of their hours they worked during covid marked as overtime which pushed them over the annual allowance .
elon would n't be spending big bucks trying to swing elections to the gop if he thought democrats were n't that serious about it
you realize that does n't make any sense from an investment perspective right ?
the democrats are never going to increase taxes enough to cost him 44 billion and republicans are never going to lower them enough to save him 44 billion
he genuinely sees value in a free unregulated and uncensored internet
he thinks it 'll generate good returns for him financially
unbanning trump is n't going to define whether republicans get elected or not .
do you like the way i flick my tongue or nah ?
you can ride my face until you 're drippin ' cum
can you lick the tip then throat the dick or nah ?
can you let me stretch that pussy out or nah ?
i 'm not the type to call you back tomorrow
but the way you wrappin 'round me is a prob
probably got a lot of other bitches owe you favors
pussy so good i had to save that shit for later
took her to the kitchen fucked her right there on the table
she repping xo to the death i 'm tryna make these bitches sweat
i 'm tryna keep that pussy wet i 'm tryna fuck her and her friends
do n't mind me i 'll just pull off your mom shorts and eat that ass✊✊✊💦
i do think you were cold and harsh to your mom .
her feelings are valid as much as yours are .
let her cry if it 's her way of dealing with a breakup .
i 'm going to borrow your comment and link my response https www.reddit.com/r/ualberta/comments/ucsq8u/the_class_average_for_math_100_this_semester_was/i6ddzhn here .
i really was expecting a response from him and instead he just deletes everything .
the man can publish dozens of papers but apparently ca n't back up his hot takes on the internet .
as much as i would like to believe he was a pure troll the lengths he goes to defend his position and ego lead me to believe otherwise .
publishes some papers and thinks he 's god 's gift to the world .
they seem solid if you are going heavily into all 3 colors but generally i felt like my decks did n't need them because i was mostly two colors and dabbling with the third .
this is scary to hear especially with social media and knowing younger teachers will try to connect with students to be friendly .
im already seeing it and if most feel this way it 'll be normalized to just not have any boundaries .
this subreddit is turning more and more into a normal meme sharing one
it 's my understanding that tips are considered a gift from customer to server .
we get to stay up late and watch kenny omega while he menstruates
heritage white cards are extremely rare ... only 50 made of each player..
so you 're insecure around your girlfriend 's who you apparently have n't bothered to learn why she 's a vegan somehow brother and because of that insecurity you played a prank based on a phobia he has to make yourself feel tough .
even with you writing it in a way that would try to press the reader in a particular direction you still come off as an asshole maybe even more so because of it .
jeez man can you stop cherry picking christian ndes that center around hell and converting to your religion to be saved ?
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
i do n't think the single tax idea is plausible but could it not be used to at least reduce other taxes ?
if she releases something that sounds like i kissed a girl hot n cold or circle the drain and promotes it correctly she 'll make the big comeback we 've all been waiting for .
in college i was involved in a hip hop club and there was a price sheet for how much certain acts cost to book this was like 2012-2014 but pretty interesting
release inmates due to overcrowding close prisons cause overcrowding again due to closure release more inmates etc .
one thing to note i updated the firmware with files they gave me .
i do n't know if the rerf was not supported before or not but it is working for me now .
the firmware update was to fix an issue where there were artifacts in the layer images .
i wanted to read the book first but then i realized that there 's no book version of avatar .
i did feel like after a few months in a way it was easier to breastfeed than bottle feed bc i was the person who would be feeding her 99 of the time anyway so bottle feeding would just mean extra steps and dishes .
i also coslept with her so night feeds were really easy breastfeeding and would have been a pain with bottles .
the first 6 weeks or so of breastfeeding was incredibly exhausting though so i do n't think that 's a reliable guage of how difficult it is overall .
i nursed for 1 year because i figured that was the duration when she medically needed either breastmilk or formula so i might as well just give her breastmilk .
then i weaned cold turkey and felt extremely liberated .
i did n't hate breastfeeding but i did n't love it either .
my baby would n't take a bottle at all so it was just all on me to nurse and never leave her pretty much .
once she started solids and drinking from a sippy cup i did feel like it was ok for my mom to watch her for the day while i did some errands or had a little fun day but that only happened a few times tbh .
looking back i 'm proud of breastfeeding her bc i think it was the best option for her health and it was n't too big of a sacrifice for me .
i would have given myself anxiety if i had formula fed her bc i would have worried it was n't digesting as well or that i was n't doing the best thing for her note that i would never judge another woman for how she feeds her baby but i am my own worst critic so i 'm just being honest with you .
now if i had to go work and be away from my baby and pump i would have just done formula at some point earlier than a year bc there is just no way i would have my shit together enough to manage all that .
i could never even pack myself a lunch when i used to work .
i admire any working pumping moms it 's not easy !
since you framed it as a question no i did not know .
i called the first month and they said that my ex wife had n't set it up yet .
i do n't get divorced and it child support often .
simply ask her if she 'd mind talking about her exes less if she sees from your perspective how that can be annoying that 'd be good .
if she fights you on it then it 's a definite red flag
she has had bad experiences it 's normal that they translate into a fear in a subsequent relationship .
what 's throwaway '' to you may not be throwaway to others .
point this out to her tell her it 's okay to share her emotions you 'd rather get it a little bit at a time rather than all at once .
this also is n't hugely out of the ordinary a lot of people need the confidence drinking gives them .
all of this put together i would n't blame you if you just are n't into the relationship anymore it 's definitely red flag-ish but not something she ca n't come back from .
i wrote all of the above with the viewpoint that you still are into her and want to resolve this basically i gave her the benefit of the doubt i wrote it assuming that you want to find a better way forward .
it 's certainly worth a try if you feel she is worth it !
someones comment on here roughly translated through google comparing my paprikash to testicular soup .
i love oliver 's personality and he is so charming .
but then there is angie i was grafting on her since the begining .
and in the end there is najuma who i have been coupled up for a long time .
this is stressing me out for the next recoupling .
per the sidebar please format your title as a question .
your question must be an actual question including a ' ? '
feel free to resubmit your post with a specific question as the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/careerguidance if you have any questions or concerns .
du denkst immer noch zu sehr in heutigen dimensionen .
geh mal geistig ein jahrhundert zurück oder zwei und sieh das ganze durch putins brille
weil er in ein nachbarland mit deutlich weniger militärischen mitteln einmarschiert ist
meine armee hat es in nur zwei monaten geschafft einen nicht zu vernachlässigenden teil des territoriums zu besetzen ohne dass es dem feind gelungen ist zu einer nennenswerten gegenoffensive auszuholen ''
und er sein land in dem maße von china abhängig gemacht hat dass man durchaus bald von einem chinesischen vasall sprechen kann
ein möchtegern-zar denkt wie ein zar und zu des richtigen zarens zeiten waren solche mit bodentruppen geführte kriege auch nicht in zwei monaten gewonnen .
putin sieht sich als meilenstein der russischen geschichte über den man dereinst monumentale werke verfassen wird der denkt in wesentlich längeren zeiträumen und in höheren sphären .
die wirtschaft zu stärken und den wiederaufbau zu planen ist etwas für namenlose bürokraten .
seine mission ist es in traditioneller irredentistischer manier die einheit '' der russischen nation und ihren imperialen glanz wiederherzustellen .
er denkt das was '' nicht das wie '' .
do whatever you did that time with a devo and let me know how it goes
it 's less than a fucking week chill the fuck out .
your submission was automatically removed because pbs.twimg.com is not an approved site .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tifalockhartnsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
it is touching to hear the chief justice get choked up announcing justice breyer 's retirement .
reasonable people using legal reasoning to reach legal conclusions will differ .
despite any particular difference of opinion it 's so refreshing to hear such deep abiding respect and affection show through .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/blackboobs if you have any questions or concerns .
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funsized if you have any questions or concerns .
you think it 's bc it 's looking for more to attach to and climb ?
i 'd tried calling the cops before when she was throwing glasses at me .
they showed up literally told her 'go to your room ' and then yelled at me for 5 minutes for wasting their time .
i 'm holding out to see if freedom sworn comes home cuz i only have 1 sword billet 😭
that is either pathogenic or sunburn but leaning on pathogenic .
i dropped my monster condom that i use for my magnum dong
som en som er født i kristiansand sier ikke sånn for å skryte er jeg forvirret .
i like simplicity so this gives me slight anxiety looking at it .
to top it off the glass seems more complex than the actual vape itself which is an entry level vape by most measures .
i can totally respect the effort and will be milking many for our beloved and dearly departed entexchange .
thousands spent there thousands sold there and thousands saved there for sure .
come join us at the fuckcombustion.com vapor lounge and the classifieds .
while i was getting ready to bet fd went up to 700 720 750 and back to 700 .
meanwhile br went from 670 to not being an option lol
i lawyer filed a supplemental claim for my hip and back june 14 2021 .
today i found out that my back was given a 20 rating but the hip portion was still opened and in decision phase .
i have n't received my decision packet for the back yet so i wo n't know for sure about the whether or not the hip was denied because i do n't trust va.gov https va.gov and their updates .
charmeleon is my favorite pokémon yet despite the overwhelming popularity of charizard everyone seems to ignore the red scaled teenage phase ...
that 's what i do now-i went from loving to hating them all ... now there 's just acceptance of flawed people/characters .
the five stages of gilmore girls ... love anger grief bewilderment acceptance .
isis militants also likely learned in part from russian soldiers second link .
tragically khanbiev said this is not the work of individual sadists '' but rather a system created by the state '' and intended to destroy the chechen nation .
he said that when russian troops round up chechens especially the young and healthy '' the troops first put the prisoners in a hole in the ground and seek to collect ransoms from their relatives .
if a ransom is not paid quickly and the russian forces use such money collected to support themselves then all who remain in prison are labeled militants '' and the cycle of torture begin .
khanbiev noted that he had escaped a tragic end only because he had been ransomed at that stage .
from the russian bases the prisoners are sent to a series of filtration camps and russian prisons each of which has a special chechen department '' with torture facilities .
khanbiev said that 90 percent of those that begin this cycle disappear without a trace noting that disappeared '' in this case means dead . ''
if the chechens held there die russian authorities prepare documents saying that they have been released after the bodies have been disposed of .
the lucky '' 10 percent who survive this process are then returned to the main filtration camp at chernokozovo where russian soldiers again seek ransoms .
if none is forthcoming the prisoners are recycled until all are dead khanbiev reported .
beginning in 2013 the russian security services began aiding and abetting the outflow of militants from the north caucasus towards syria and iraq .
these people some of whom became isis fighters were those who spent their formative years experiencing or surrounded by what is detailed in the first link .
i love the look yui gives when she realizes she messed up .
there 's a lot of stuff in the game .
most modern phones have 128gb storage so it 's not too bad .
this was nearly 100 years ago everything was somewhat racist back then
ca n't say i am dissapointed with the ps5 controller though the haptics and adaptive triggers are amazing !
i 'll have to try the elite controller for the extra triggers .
i walked into my fraternity and she was cuddling rather intimately with a brother of mine .
i had given her a second chance after cheating and it went about as well as you 'd expect in retrospect .
one time i was working the mcdonalds drive thru and this guy came in for food .
used some coins and i noticed they were slippery .
the bills also had weird wet fingerprints all over them
always heard/said it a bit different if you have the facts on your side pound on the facts if you have the law on your side pound on the law if you have neither pound on the table . ''
he 's got neither and ca n't seem to find the table !
it need to be warmed up and given food and fluids .
asking to make sure you 're in a safe area .
absolutely agree on decilitres that 's very infrequently used .
in at least some of the nordics decilitres are very commonly used more than centilitres .
and the previous estimates of a years long process was because of the fact that 's how long it takes to enrich uranium .
the fact that we are now saying it 's weeks means we have reason to believe they have enriched their uranium to the required levels .
these should load faster but amp is controversial because of concerns over privacy and the open web https www.reddit.com/r/amputatorbot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot .
maybe check out the canonical page instead https www.inquirer.com/philly-tips/rent-increases-pennsylvania-rules-20200915.html https www.inquirer.com/philly-tips/rent-increases-pennsylvania-rules-20200915.html
send them back to their 5 minute lobby queues .
if you can create any kind of living being then why not make something that is intelligent and sophisticated enough to to solve every problem of humanity and therefore achieve world piece ?
it is practically impossible to prevent the album from being leaked in the next few hours as the lps are now getting into more and more hands .
and it 's up to each individual whether to listen to it or wait for the official release .
and in the end of the many millions of rammstein fans only a handful are active here on reddit or elsewhere .
that means 99 of the fans wo n't even notice that the music is available a few hours earlier and are looking forward to friday .
like i said it 's up to everyone how to deal with it .
nta driving is a privilege not a right he lost that privilege .
never let him use any vehicles of yours ever .
he can quit the team or make the effort to go .
he wants to drive he can buy his own car and pay his own insurance .
if he took a gun and pointed it at someone and pulled the trigger in a version of russian roulette but it was the empty chamber would you give him another gun ?
no you would n't and a car is a lethal weapon do not give it to him
i think we 're all hoping for it to be the end of the ib/np arc at this point .
along with indomitable who presumably has been sat at home drinking tea for 3 years whilst other factions actually do stuff
it 's basically impossible to pay too much hades .
if these idiots did n't do a social campaign with the whole horse dewormer '' thing people would n't resort to vet products .
the horse dewormer meme became self-fulfilling as it caused doctors and pharmacies to stop prescribing ivermectin in pill form .
mean while tons of research suggests that helminth infection is a contributor to severe covid
in other words helminth such as pinworms give you much greater risk of cytokine complications hyper inflammation and scarring of the lungs .
could be mitigated by giving everyone a single pill that also kills everything from head lice to scabies mites ...
it would have been like killing four birds with a pebble .
vi driver litt musejakt i kirkene for å forebygge gnage-skader på orglene .
det vi kan finne i pipene er døde fluer .
det kan lage stygge skurre-lyder når de blåses opp eller delvis tetter i bunnen av pipe-trakten .
why change the posture when they could have just updated the model/textures
she does n't even have the brain cells to not blow herself up
i 'm a senior about to graduate so i 'm rather sick of college but thats because i ca n't wait to get into the workforce and actually use my skills i 've learned for my entire life .
find 3 you think sound interesting go to at least 1 event from all of them and then stick it out with that club for the long haul .
did n't they do it for alien resurrection as well ?
unfortunately minority report 's bleaching was removed for the blu-ray so it looks like a typical hollywood movie now .
kinda like how they replaced kenny g. with billie jean ?
it was a pretty similarly sized price tag too and much less predatory than student loan processors .
if it were my husband he would n't go for it either .
we 'd just put up the money for him to live elsewhere .
no way in fucking hell is my husband spending time with another woman especially one who does n't like being alone all the time '' .
this post has been removed because our automoderator detected it as spam or your account is too new/not enough karma to post here .
if this post is not spam please contact the moderators for assistance .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mobilegaming if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
yes that 's exactly what i did 25mg for a week then 50 for a month then 100 .
the worst of the side effects disappeared after about 2 weeks each day gradually got better and after about a month something just clicked and i no longer felt anxious about certain social settings and did n't constantly feel like my head would explode from overthinking .
if you can stick out the first few weeks it really is worth it it just takes a while to build up i recommend taking it with a meal and it should stop any stomach issues
i thought i was purchasing one car and they gave me a completely different car with a lot of mechanical problems .
there are definitely a lot of underlining issues with the car .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=ausguy .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i have some other ambitions but it 's a work in progress lol .
too many ideas never enough time and sure as hell not enough cash haha .
got ta work a day job which cuts into brain power time and energy .
i 'm trying to find a better paying slightly more brainless job with better benefits so i can focus on my other things .
i 'm convinced jojo is not actually that good but it 's just so weird that it gets recognition .
this is coming from someone who has watched every season so i 'm not a hater .
yeah man that 's the only thing i want in my freaking life .
pace is similar to bloodborne and parrying is just as fulfilling if not more
the end of any relationship with emotional involvement is very hard .
just use this energy and time to work on yourself and become a better version of yourself .
sterek has no basis in canon and any grown ass adults accusing a gay man of 'queerbaiting ' a non-existent relationship between a teenager and grown man are freaks .
isaac and allison had the best chemistry out of any characters in the show .
scott is a good main character and no other character should 've been the main .
lydia 's banshee powers never should 've been physical .
the hale family/pack is pretty boring and i was glad the show moved away from it .
stiles is n't overrated he 's the majority of casual fans ' favourites and deserves the hype .
open to discuss i 'm sure at least half these are considered bad takes by most people lmao .
tanya the evil she 's not as bad as ppl make her seem tho
arifureta mid ass anime with a decent story and good mc ruined by a harem .
terrible animation but it 's bareable and the harem just makes the animation feel worse lol
idaten deities know only peace underrated masterpiece bout gods killing demons these gods have no mercy not even for the human race
cant think of anymore besides maybe if they even count death note and code geass .
which are both masterpieces with hitler like mcs which you probably seen
what does the preds not having their goalie have to do with finishing a check ?
i used circe off of lt collins st right by elizabeth st whenever i needed a formal dress altered !
i have n't been there in a few years so i 'm not sure if they 're still around .
sometimes you can get really bad panic attacks from marijuana regardless of chs .
i know lots of people who smoked years without issue and then just suddenly started getting terrible anxiety from it .
all of what you 're describing sounds more like a weed-induced panic attack than chs specifically .
usually the anxiety is in addition to some form of gastrointestinal upset with chs whether it be nausea or vomiting .
anxiety alone could be pegged as prodromal but it could also just be a straight-up weed panic attack .
i had a customer that would always ask me when i was going to go to school why do n't i get a better paying job etc .
it was meant well he thought i was smart enough to be doing better but it was so incredibly annoying .
so one day i just said to him did it ever occurred to you that i 'm actually happy where i 'm at and that while money is nice i have other priorities ? ''
people think that retail workers are just unmotivated or something .
i actually like my job they treat me well and pay me better than most retail jobs in my city would .
it would just be a lot better without the customers lol
never get to get spare ribs that good they are just not my favorite .
as for the process i do mustard and rub lately been liiking killer hogs bbq rub 3 hours smoke bone side down .
put some butter palm sugar and honey on the bone side and wrap .
put them back on bone side up to have all that goodness melt into the rack .
after two hours unwrap and put them back in bone side down .
paint with homemade bbq sauce every 15 min for 45 min .
honestly when i get ribs at some place i wish they were as good as these
did you say you got the ctc payments or not ?
just wondering because i keep seeing people saying this is happening to them and i said i 've got the payments and i 'm wondering if they 're taking more money or something .
update i showed my mom this thread and for the first time she is telling me her experience with the same things i 've gone through and how much she wants to convey how proud she is of me and how sorry she is that she sent me there and never understood me truly and i 'm tearing up so much rn
it trades increased penetration for a slower projectile which can be dodged at most distances which is just a non-standard statistical factor in a different form missing via opponent dodging .
again if all you 're looking at is that singular isolated instance penetration you 're completely missing other factors of the weapon that are n't so easy to quantify with purely weapon statistics what do you rate the slow dodgable projectile speed in terms of calculating effectiveness ?
what distance do you want this weapon to be most effective at ? .
you 're still also completely missing the opportunity cost of using these weapons instead of the myriad of other at options available to you too .
why not just use your group to sticky rush which is significantly cheaper more versatile more consistent and overall has a higher likelyhood of succeeding due to not needing a perfect storm situation of the enemy basically driving right up to you ?
or again why not use a group of ramparts/smelters which are going to pretty much always be better and more consistent in every situation than any handheld dedicated at launchers ?
why not field a couple of tanks instead of bonesaws which would give you the mobility and power to potentially overwhelm/match the enemy armor that you insisted on needing the bonesaws for ?
the bonesaw/bane/venom are just inferior tools for the job they 're designed to be used for when compared to the other options available for players .
it does n't matter if you have a 100 chance to penetrate if you never get the shot off in the first place and it also does n't matter if the opposition just drives out of the way of the projectile when they see you fire it .
these factors are hard to quantify but you have to quantify them or you 're basing your opinion off a flawed premise and therefore your theorycrafting is ultimately flawed in of itself .
question at the time of the incident where the guy in a ski-mask was peeking in the window of libby 's friend was that issue discussed/rumored locally ?
or was that revealed only when the kk arrest interview was published ?
seems like the kind of thing that would have made the rounds happening so soon after the murders .
my post asking what people 's stance was on hanging out with the killer was removed but someone suggested i do an ama .
and people who supported their crazy policies and still do will pay the price .
our society is now in the beginning of a total collapse .
yep you are right it grows like a mold inside .
def excited for the next recolor sale because i 'm hoping her cyberpunk skin gets one
and i choose you because i dont like fighting lol
also waiting on ucla we pay 70 dollars minimum just for anxiety and dread 😭😭
when i first started around this time last year i would go from like noon until 9pm .
at 9pm during the summer the sun was barely setting so that 's when i would call it .
as the days got shorter i learned how to night fish a little so i would still stay out that late .
lately i 've been fishing for about 2-3 hours each session unless i take out the kayak .
i genuinely believe he was going to be as good a linebacker as ever wore black and gold and that 's remarkably high praise .
yeah his play style maybe put him at risk .
but you ca n't plan for a career-ending injury like he experienced .
all that would be left to win is ash and rubble .
there 's no winner in a war where aelfric and the death'sknell are both in play .
you are way to good looking to stay inside we should be out somewhere showing you off .
i got this.. and l1 and r1 barely work.. extremely disappointed .
will cost 50 to ship it back for a refund/return .
i am cross posting this to warn people about a very expensive controller that has a serious design flaw and a very expensive returns process
memphis flopped all game and got bailed out by the refs and the same will happen here nba ca n't have their both darlings dropping out after kd and lbj shat the bed terribly and are no longer here nobody will watch pels or twolves no star power .
give me an new in depth open world heavily rpg half-life with yearly expansions and no vr gimmicks .
and none of it is supportive to the op .
posting to this subreddit means you are agreeing that everyone involved with this rp including characters will be 18 .
you are also agreeing to have read and understood the rules and will have no excuse for rule breaking .
just a reminder you can always find our list of rules by clicking here https www.reddit.com/r/dirtykikroleplay/about/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtykikroleplay if you have any questions or concerns .
they can just use a vpn to bypass eu blocks like they do in other totalitarian states like china and russia .
at that point it 's just a question of whether the eu/uk wants to go full-on totalitarian and join russia in making it a crime for citizens to bypass government censorship .
thanks i 've done some research and found this https www.bigbuildingsdirect.com/product-category/metal-garages .
spot on what i 'm looking for minus the windows .
i own a convenience store and a laundry mat as my main gigs .
so this is something extra i like to do as extra income i wo n't lie part of the reason i want the garage it 'd be nice to have a spot away from the wife i love her to death but breaks are needed lol where i can have a couple beers with the guys while working on stuff .
thanks diva 😭 i will cheat my ass off you best believe it
i only made a twitter account at the beginning of the year .
the only reason i have it is to stay updated with a few crypto projects i 'm interested in .
my short term solution is to find a quiet car park near work keep my attention on you and use my imagination to provide temporary relief from my situation .
... and now a message from randal grichuk https streamable.com/3ewzx7
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/torontobluejays if you have any questions or concerns .
i just implicitly assume anyone who says horse dewormer '' has an iq not more than 90
again no one 's shocked a 14 year old with a man crush in his groomers thinks they walked all over someone when they did n't .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
definitely sounds like you need to call them to get that refunded .
one more perspective leading to the same answer that people do n't tend to graduate with ap credits
you need 124 to graduate so if you max out your ap credits you still need 108 to graduate .
if you wanted to graduate in 3 years that 's 6 semesters .
thus to graduate early you 'd have to take the maximum number of credits each semester assuming you do n't petition to go over .
not only can that be a pretty challenging course load it can also be hard to get classes to hit exactly 18 credits if some are 4 and some are 3 .
to do that for 6 consecutive semesters while satisfying core and major/concentration requirements can be pretty tricky .
average russians might need something to keep the house warm after this is all over .
ca n't imagine putin 's war will leave them with many alternatives .
i was so excited for this set until i saw the price .
can i ask ... because i 'm an older dude ?
is there some sort of stigma against androids for younger people ?
i 've always used android and just thought it was like a pepsi vs. coke kinda thing .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/petthedamncat/comments/uca51h/dont_leave_me_be_my_forever_home
i love my engagement ring and just do n't feel the need for a wedding ring .
please make sure that the link you are submitting is on our list of approved hosts otherwise your post may have been automatically removed .
our approved image/gif hosts are as follows imgur https www.imgur.com reddit https www.reddit.com youpeg https www.youpeg.com redgifs https www.redgifs.com .
please ensure that you are uploading hd pics gifs webms only !
if your submission contains a low quality image or a low quality gif/webm it will be removed .
your submission may have been automatically removed if you received a message stating that your account karma is too low .
if this is the case try and earn more karma around reddit before trying to submit again .
if your submission contained any words that are part of our spam filter it may have also been removed automatically .
if you believe this is the case feel free to message the moderators in order to have it manually reviewed .
thanks again for submitting have a great day ! ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/godpussy if you have any questions or concerns .
picked up a 5.56 16 '' couple weeks ago .
too bad 5.56 is way worse than i had expected lol
i did n't make the joke but i thought the message was clear that we actually know very little about putin 's health and all this speculation is meaningless .
i agree it took away a lot of the weight of his death but is it even star trek if a senior officer dies and stays dead ?
that 's actually where i was invading last night .
lots of fun shenanigans to be had with the 3 bosses in that area .
i do n't see it on the website ☹️ .
props to you for doing your research prior to purchasing .
hit me with your best shot i wo n't be fighting back .
what is the rest of your setup amplification and speakers ?
please consider filling in this survey about dick size here https docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1faipqlsfuucgqxovj2hoxggzm0q_qex0wkq9nojoa37bt_sfqaj3_0q/viewform ? usp=sf_link
the owner of the sub is me a young woman with a lot of amateur content available at r/homemadehornygirl .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cockcompare if you have any questions or concerns .
terminally online children need something to be outraged about .
anyone can relate to anything they fucking want to are people suggesting that straight people ca n't relate to gay content ?
imagine gatekeeping watching and relating to a queer show you are essentially asking non-queer people not to watch it or just be a blank wall to it .
it 's made to relate to a larger audience than the sexual orientations of the lead characters ffs
he just found a way to relate the show to him .
if i relate to breaking bad do i have to become a high school teacher and contract an illness that encourages me to make blue meth ?
no the indentities or personality quirks of lead characters do n't dictate what you can and ca n't relate to nor if you decide to translate them to your own life in a different way than appears on screen .
art has never been about conforming to one interpretation anyways .
there 's basically both of the viewpoints mirrored in other characters as well .
rogier is akin to the progressive goldmask he thinks those who live in death are ultimately blameless being cursed against their will by the machinations of the gods .
he has several dialogue lines regarding the flexibility '' of the golden order he seeks to mend its flaws and help the undead
that the golden order was pliable enough to absorb practices that contradicted itself in the past .
with the order broken twisted and in need of repair such adaptability is more important now than ever .
do you know of those who live in death ?
the very notion of life in death defies the golden order .
by d 's account these defiled fiends must be expunged .
but truth be told i seek the cursemark to save them .
you may find this peculiar but i discovered something in my examination of the night of the black knives .
they have every right to life only they happened to touch upon a flaw in the order .
d is akin to the conservative corhyn he sees those who live in death as an affront to the golden order and wishes to expunge them from the world .
eshell a emacs terminal all terminals are better than this
there are far better alternatives to all of them .
absolutely push for uncollected and even cav if you jit a roadblock for mr it was 5.2.4 and all of 5.3 that 's fine to take the time to focus on eq/aq/aw to help build up your roster but your focus should be story progression until your at least cav bc of the amount of stuff you 'll het access to at both uc and cav are game changing
this looks cool but maybe get a more comfortable chair ?
aedick sounds like a nickname for name eduard эдик .
but if it 's named after this nickname wo n't it be better to name the child eduard ?
pitching tends to fly off the board early because it is a points league so i think 5 of my first 8 picks were pitchers while grabbing acuna goldy and riley as my 3 main hitters .
bavarians have been stuffing sausages that way for thousands of years .
ive been on 2mg for a year now ... somehow it holds me over but no it 's not alot.. which is a positive i guess .
then why am i the nazi if i hate sweden ?
i 've tried the tricks with deadzones ive played with acceleration ive played with sensitivity ...
it really feels like an aim assist thing to me .
like there is a ton of bullet magnetism but very little friction when you pan over an enemy .
so it feels like i 'm just wildly swinging around half the time but still end the match with over 55 accuracy
interpret the picture to yourself then tell yourself something different .
well fortunately that 's not what 's actually going to happen .
i am going to go sit over there now and listen to music . ''
as a reminder most common print quality issues can be found in the simplify3d picture guide https www.simplify3d.com/support/print-quality-troubleshooting .
make sure you select the most appropriate flair for your post .
please remember to include the following details to help troubleshoot your problem .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fixmyprint if you have any questions or concerns .
this she was a problem they did not want to put a face to .
you have found something few get to experience an active hobby in which both parties enjoy .
do n't let it or her fall to the wayside .
why there is a notion lately to push ltn into solving circuit problem is beyond me but there isnt anything in it that solves this one .
vanilla trains will work with this case without any magic .
just simple train stop that opens when it needs to be opened after calculating ammo .
i really loved playing the brute as well i loved his ability to be a bruiser while tanking using reusable status effects to control when enemies could move or attack and keep the number of attackers getting through to a minimum .
they are perfectly fine and i like the piercings would you spread your legs so i can lick you ?
yeah when you put them back to back it does look like people worshipping an idol .
who cares though it is what it is now .
well its my first time ever doing one let alone a pack .
i was just wondering if it was good or whatever ig
futurama is my comfort show whenever i need familiarity i can always rely on the planet express crew ... they 're pretty much family
nowadays they 're its still around so shitty coke dealers can cut their shitty coke some more without you realizing as easily as caffeine or laxatives ...
i keep getting karlaftos at 12 in the mock sims .
i want a handsaw because i do n't have any godlys like not even 1 🥹
you ca n't beat the price for the efficiency .
i remember seeing a post about a woman walking around with a nazi armband like it was a normal tuesday .
if this is the boot screen it 's better to buy an ssd
nta but do n't leave the child with her .
she is not to be trusted with a small child .
for the first time in human history bitcoin cash allows you to be in full control of your own money .
bitcoin cash is peer to peer money that can not be frozen by the banks nor the government .
with bitcoin cash you place your trust in the laws of math and cryptography rather than putting your trust in people .
send or receive any amount of bitcoin cash to anyone anywhere instantly and almost for free .
no lengthy bank forms to fill in and no private information required from both the sender and recipient .
whenever you are frustrated with the long queues in the bank to make a transaction imagine how much time you had wasted and how many millions other people are wasting their time in the bank queues every single day .
bitcoin cash saves time and money for millions of people every single day .
bitcoin cash helps to connect the billions of unbanked people with valuable talents and expertise to the global economy creating millions of new job opportunities and increasing economic growth for the entire world .
bitcoin cash enables micro transactions so you can write articles or create video contents and earn money immediately by people who like your work .
bitcoin cash has high volatility which could be seen as an issue or an opportunity depending on your perspective .
if something is 1 today and 20 years later it is still 1 then there is no investment opportunity .
bitcoin cash protects your purchasing power from inflation and hyperinflation similar to gold and silver because it exists outside the banking system of fiat money .
unlike fiat money bitcoin cash can not be counterfeited so there is zero chance of you holding fake money .
new bank regulations with regards to bail-ins and bail-outs means the banks can confiscate depositors funds legally and anytime during a financial crisis and there is no recourse for you .
banks can shut down and disappear along with the depositors money but bitcoin cash has a perfect track record of being online 24 hours a day every single day and had been doing so since 2009 .
bitcoin cash payments with cashshuffle and cashfusion are private internet money .
this means you can send/receive money with anyone privately without having to give out your private information useful in situations when you want to donate money to an organization without risk being implicated in the process .
given a long enough time eventually a group of corrupted politicians will win the election and take control over the country to enrich themselves .
bitcoin cash gives you the freedom to move your wealth anywhere and relocate anytime to a safer haven .
bitcoin cash allows you to bypass financial censorships restrictions and sanctions because it is unstoppable peer to peer money .
bitcoin cash is global money with more than 2,651,820 merchants accepting it .
you can pay for your hotels air tickets food/drinks groceries nightlife and more with bitcoin cash today .
if you were aware of the protests currently going on in hong kong india iran chile bolivia and other countries you have to wonder how a minority government could suppress and control millions of citizens .
turns out if you have an unlimited money printing machine you could control the entire nation .
you could use it to pay for the police and military to beat up the civilians .
you could use it to bribe the politicians to look the other way .
you could use it to pay for propaganda campaigns .
you could use it to invest in companies to prevent them from speaking up .
when you remove their unlimited money printing machine you also reduce their ability to suppress and control the people .
suddenly the power shifts back into the people 's hands because nobody can print more bitcoin cash .
bitcoin cash 's supply is fixed and there will only be 21 million bitcoin cash forever .
bitcoin cash is programmable money which allows for smart contracts tokens oracles dividends anonymous bearer shares and so much new innovations that was n't possible before .
it is like the very early periods of the internet age where it is a rapidly evolving technology and crazy amount of new innovations happen regularly and yet people barely know anything about the internet at that point .
no more worries about centralized payment systems such as paypal freezing or stealing your money like what had happened to thousands of paypal users .
as a merchant you receive 100 of the amount paid to you by the customer .
just install the bitcoin.com wallet and the bitcoin cash register app and you can start accepting bitcoin cash payments within minutes .
bitcoin cash does not stigmatize or treat any businesses differently .
if you run an organization that banks or governments may not like you risk having your funds being confiscated anytime like what happened to the funds donated to help hong kong protestors .
bitcoin cash can not be taken away by the banks nor the government without your permission .
how you can help this peer to peer cash revolution
you can buy anything with bitcoin cash on amazon today with up to 30 using the purse.io service .
you can pay for air tickets hotels food and other services using bitcoin cash today .
visit acceptbitcoin.cash or map.bitcoin.com to look for participating merchants today !
pay your employees in bitcoin cash to help build a closed loop economy .
request to be paid in bitcoin cash if you 're the employee .
help educate and spread the benefits of bitcoin cash to family and friends or you can just direct them to this page !
make small donations to open source developers contributing their free time voluntarily to build applications and services for the bitcoin cash ecosystem .
everytime someone tries to sell you something ask them if they accept bitcoin cash .
it drives me crazy getting on a team that ignores them it literally takes seconds to clear the blockers .
in hangul my bbq cat is 눈이먼 which literally translates to blind because of the costume i have on him 😂 but i love yours a lot
you 'll never guess what people who claim to have the same views as me have done in the past .
you 'll never guess that it 's not representative of communists as a whole or even most communists .
i like your portfolio how are you at actions scenes ?
what 's the point in sending 6 rpg's/projectiles into the exact same spot ?
i just saw that we are exactly 0.19 down for the year at spy .
giannis and luka are trying some deep fried desert and the camera just pans over to jokic and his gallon of mountain dew
nad but please see someone about your health anxiety .
your 4 days of symptoms do not indicate lymphoma at this time .
if you are still generally weak with 2 weeks of continuous symptoms get some bloodwork done .
i peek in on occasion to whats being worked on in the game i see that dark asrina is coming along with another 5 star but thats pretty soon after opal who was what like a week ago ?
basically no time to recover gems or summoning crystals from the last character drop .
my wife has played a lot of these games and says usually its a bad sign when lots of 5 stars are released close together .
in preparation for his role in joker joaquin phoenix lived in a society for decades .
welcome to west media world where nothing is being manipulated we just use near synonym words and scary music to describe the situation .
the optimal way to do things is to hard stack one way or the other .
you need less support classes that way and that 's where you get to optimal .
blood frenzy usually is n't actually worth it unless you have at least 5-6 physical dps already .
what makes you think the saints will be better ?
and why do you think we will be trash ?
i have to get find a good deal building one on my own .
i am also unsure whether it is worth going for the 3090 instead 3080 .
i could still view my grades on my phone.. use another device ?
if you 're struggling to attract candidates for a role the issue probably lies in your job description .
remember that the job description is usually the very first thing a candidate will see about your company or the job role which is why you should make it attractive as possible !
get rid of any technical jargons or language that is a turn off for candidates like cliches confusing titles and too many requirements .
most importantly please do n't forget to mention whether you 're offering remote or hybrid working options .
mentioning this small detail can boost the number of applicant quite significantly !
if you 're interested in more tips like this do check out this blog by recruit crm https recruitcrm.io/blogs/job-descriptions ? utm_source=reddit utm_medium=reddit+syndication utm_campaign=reddit utm_term=blog about job descriptions .
their other blogs are also a great resource for recruiting and hiring tips .
suddenly i feel compelled to only play gambit ... is this what it 's like to be an elite gamer ?
that is something that should have been implemented from the beginning .
ca n't see into the future and see what 's coming up though bud 👍
my oldest beardie and my biggest t are on the same level about 4 ft away .
i forgot to reinvest in my focus schools before starting the new quest .
even with my investments back in the operator is too squishy to survive in high level content which means if you have to use your operator you will be taking static stacks .
i do n't understand why an update that focused on integrating operators into combat would roll out without a major buff to what they can offer in combat .
they 're still squishy amp damage is still no good at high levels and there 's nothing that an operator 's abilities can do that a warframe 's ca n't .
they do n't bring anything to the table and they cause long and painful debuffs to your warframe when they die which they do often .
the only reason i have used my operator since the update is the missions that require it to progress .
the operator is still a skeleton key for mission objectives except now it 's one that you can suffer 80 health reduction for using .
ele mesmo disse que sempre pergunta pra ela se ela quer fazer alguma coisa antes e 3/4h de um sábado é uma parte relativamente pequena do dia .
se o op não estiver mentindo nem omitindo nada a mina claramente é a errada da situação
for the people voting the homophobic one what have you been saying to warrant that response ...
imagine thinking there 's a smart way to participate in capitalism lmao .
can you tell us which exercises do you do in training ?
if your company has an hr team or an agency to help with the renewal make sure they are involved .
it 's got the reflex sight and stabilized stock and aligned automatic barrel .
it 's basically the q5025 fixer of energy rifles .
i was thinking the tattered field jacket traveling leather coat and responders fireman set .
yup my ultimate fav is danessa myricks in light 1 followed by nudestix bondi bae nabla soft revenge patrick ta she 's statuesque although pt is too light for me .
good question third game back after an off day and against a lefty .
sure though i do n't think the lib dems advocate legalising all illegal drugs .
like heroin and crystal meth are still going to be sold only by criminal gangs .
i 've had some payments added but my 30 pre-consolidation months are still missing more than a month later .
his ultimate smash rips mario in half and replaces him as nintendo 's mascot .
it 's a lesson of ‘greater than or less than ' with allie the alligator ... duh
i do n't think they 'd ever openly encourage it .
i do n't know but you sure can try and see if you are princes material .
i do n't get the munchies or cotton mouth .
probably the reason i do n't get the munchies to begin with tolerance .
i love it when a girl knows how to wink her brown eye
portal roulette is like 45 of the reason to even play mage .
emily cant say that jews have a space laser and control the whole world ... oh nooo !
if you hating fanservice dont watch ep 7 and 8 you 'll still be fine if you skip these 2 episodes because it 's just fillers ep with lot of tits and ass ...
also your mother should start treating you like an adult .
a 20-year-old does n't sit at the kids table .
i 'm sorry but if my dad did that i would lose my shit on him .
no one hurts my babies not even my own parents .
you have trained your dog differently and if he ca n't respect you your wishes and your dog one day of the week then there is an issue .
given that you go there once a week it seems safe to assume that family is very important .
would he change his behavior if you tell him you ca n't come over as much because of the way he treats your dog ?
after talking to your dad about the issue do n't be afraid to scoop up your pup and walk out the door/go home every time your dad acts aggressively .
you safely ca n't have your dog around aggressive animals and your dad insists on acting like one .
he seems to have taken the alpha '' behavior too far .
i think something like one of these will look good
did they announce that their paid tier pricing wo n't change when they do this ?
i could assume a price hike for paid customers alongside the ad tier .
either way i canceled my five streaming services and went back to the high seas .
it 's not the cost it 's about needing to surf five different networks .
or worse look up a show to find out it 's on one of the other twenty networks you do n't sub to .
too inconvenient for me to bother with it 's just cable again .
sigh it 's been a difficult two years no ?
do you have a running count on how many radiants there are ?
i do agree i just wanted a something a cut above for my little lower .
the number of posts on here that are all about how women reject them on tinder .
with hood adding several more coins and it already being probably the most popular app for people starting to invest i think coin 's payment volume will be down a shit ton .
no place in my universe is truly safe one city suffers from huge wealth inequality one is devastated from the world wide play
when using the spoiler tag you should include everything about what the post is spoiling in the title of the post .
this is so people can know specifically which anime s manga s ln s ect .
the post is spoiling before they choose to view it .
please refer to the extended rules https www.reddit.com/r/goodanimemes/wiki/index/extendedrules wiki_rule_11.3a_properly_mark_spoilers for more info .
if you are using the official reddit app and do n't remember adding the spoiler tag updating the app may stop this from happening again .
your post may have been removed for the following reason s
posts or submissions that ask for or contain information that could be used to identify either party are subject to immediate removal .
if this information is included in the title of your post which can not be edited you must re-post without this information .
if not you will need to edit your comment or post .
if after doing so you believe this was in error or you 've edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2flegaladvice .
do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment .
lol what a textbook example of weaponized incompetence you should look that up in the dictionary your picture might be in there
they 're the size of a book and they can fit hundreds of coins .
how does spy move 8 in a single day .
it 's more like 4-5 acres per cow in central texas where the grass is green nine months out of the year .
i know cattlemen in new mexico who run fifty acres per head ...
or that you just skipped a hole and went ahead of them .
she 'd be able to give you a backwards wank .
nothing came of mine so no idea what that was about .
one for your feet and one for your hands .
as long as i only have to accept it once .
ca n't stand the new patch things that show up when i log into my alts after a while
last time i counted local elections i was there from 9pm until 7:30am .
was told that usually they 're finished by 2am .
hello we only allow people with an account age of 7 days to post in our community .
this is to deter promotional spammers and limit the amount of bots coming to our community to post non fortnite related content .
please do not message the moderator team as they are not able to bypass this restriction .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitebr if you have any questions or concerns .
also the invasions had only the player level as criteria and you could get invaded as a solo player .
getting invaded 20 minutes in as a new player by super-twinks oneshotting you in the starting area was pretty common .
people complaining about invasions in elden ring would have an aneurysm in ds1
there actually needs to be less intervention from the government and the problem will solve itself probably in 2-ish years .
as long as by less intervention you mean the government scraps all zoning restrictions and every single available square metre of land in adelaide that is not restricted for environmental/wildlife purposes is released to be developed .
but of course they wo n't do that since that might actually fix the problem of housing costs .
they ca n't have a situation where number doesnt go up !
that 's the most important thing in neoliberal economics number go up .
i was in early labor for about a day or so and then the contractions ramped up .
having to look at rudnicks mouth actually gives me aids so bad .
semi-automatic just means it fires when you pull the trigger without having to stop to reload it again after every shot .
do n't tell me they did n't survive the pandemic ?
all results for problems that could be fixed with regedit
oh you probably need to run a system health check .
first run sfc scannow then run dism online cleanup-image checkhealth and everything will be okay !
you should coordinate with your neighbourhood to start using their driveway .
i imagine driving through a park in a car is the same as watching the park through a youtube video🥴 tho to other people someone driving through a park is like as if they were jerking off in public .
usually around this time of the year as well ...
this post has been automatically removed because your account is too new .
rule 9 states that accounts that are less than 7 days old will not be able to post .
this rule is absolute and you will not be allowed to skip the wait .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/femboys if you have any questions or concerns .
it was meant as a joke at this guy 's expense .
you know he needs someone who could perform a colonoscopy .
this literally came on while i was watching a video about it in another tab
you so damn dumb bro how fukin old are you ?
i 've had my oldest fleece for like 3 yrs still perfectly good but i 'm buying new ones soon because i only have 4 sets between 2 cages and would like to be able to have more days between washing days since i 've gone back to work .
fleece seems to last ages of you take care of it you 'll probably get tired of the pattern before you need to buy more because it 's damaged
if it gets extra smelly with boars i find soaking in a vinegar/water bath before washing helps with that
i guess woh bas payal ke mazze le rahi hai 😅 waise kal raat ke lf mein prince bol raha tha he might get to use his power card on wednesday next week matlab woh power card use karne ke baad uska job khtam ho jayega
your post has been automatically removed because it did not contain the required information for a buy request .
please resubmit your request using the r/sexsells buy form located here https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/submit ? selftext=true title 5bbuy 5d+add+title+here 2b+answer+all+5+sections+below text 2a 2aservice 28s 29+needed 2a 2a 3a 0d 0a 0d 0a 0d 0a 2a 2abudget 2a 2a 3a 0d 0a 0d 0a 0d 0a 2a 2aspecifics 28requests 2c+kinks 2ffetishes 2c+time+requirements 2c+etc. 29 2a 2a 3a 0d 0a 0d 0a 0d 0a 2a 2atype+of+seller+i 27m+looking+for 28age 2c+race 2c+dom 2fsub 2c+body+type 2c+etc. 29 2a 2a 3a 0d 0a 0d 0a 0d 0a 2a 2apreferred+payment+method 28s 29 2a 2a 3a .
remember that all buy ads must have the following format and sections filled out service s needed budget specifics payment method s .
message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsexsells if this post was removed in error .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexsells if you have any questions or concerns .
females are so pure and rare until they have sex amirite guys ? ?
this shocked me too when i was there recently .
it 's like the island is strictly reserved for those who have money and visitors only .
once you cross the ferry it 's like bam !
yeah i thought oh yes now he 's gon na take the stick on the other end so he would have less balance issues '' but no he tried the same thing .
rethink your way to succes '' try the same thing at least twice hahaha
when you shit your pants and gots to get rid of it real fast .
rule 1 do not post or link to anything depicting minors/loli/shota .
rule 3 crop the image to the part for which you want the sauce .
rule 4 check recent posts https www.reddit.com/r/saucesharingcommunity/new for reposts to see if the image for which you want the sauce is already posted by others .
rule 5 limit the posts do not make more than 2 posts within 4hours time .
rule 6 use saucenao https saucenao.com for full/complete images before asking on the subreddit .
rule 7 post direct image links ending with .jpg .png .gif .
check for reposts in most frequently asked sauces mfas https imgur.com/a/b0wqttr .
read more about how our subreddit works on our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/saucesharingcommunity/wiki/index
search image in google https www.google.com/searchbyimage ? image_url=https i.redd.it/51e58h4q38w81.jpg yandex https yandex.com/images/search ? rpt=imageview url=https i.redd.it/51e58h4q38w81.jpg saucenao http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/51e58h4q38w81.jpg
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/saucesharingcommunity if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll never be the bodytype i wish i would be male-to-female transgender and went through wrong puberty unfortunately so i can relate a lot .
my mind tells me to solve this by losing weight impossible of course but my brain knows it wo n't work .
and being married and having kids is not contradictory to having an ed ... 'it 's a feature not a bug ' it humor ...
because i think in his way that 's what he 's trying to get at right ?
he 's trying to 'joke ' that hey if i was broke you 'd still like me right i 'm still the same guy just without the fancy watches you saw on insta .
kazanı ve finlandiyanın ilerisindeki yarım ada gibi yeri al biter
we have on one hand ukraine defying expectations and punching above their weight .
and on the other hand we have chicken stealing genocidal russians driving around with copecages .
future will tell how the conflict will end but to be unable to admit that there has been clear and demonstrable evidence suggests copium poisoning according to webmd and you might want to check that out .
i do n't understand why it needs to be displayed in more detail .
here 's this horrific and tragic thing going on .
aww man there just is n't enough murdering for my liking.
if you got a mic plugged in most likely the camera didnt record any audio with its internal mic .
its all very context related what kind of sound environment you 're in the mic you use are you inside or outside is it windy what direction is your mic pointed etc .
haha i 'm trying to go light is the universal martial arts warning that you are in for a hard round
a lot of people do n't know about ctrl and shift clicking for increasing amount of resources for some reason .
i knew about being able to do either but i did n't know that you could use both hold ctrl+shift then click to increase by 1k resources .
i painfully increased a trade for alloys in 100 increments all the way to a couple ten-thousands in exchange for zro and some rare resources thanks head of zarqlaan and spiritualist fe !
to bulk my alloys up so i could build navy to deal with something-or-other .
i had read seen that ctrl and shift can be held to increase the amounts by 10 and 100 but the place i got that tip from left out the fact that you could use both to increase by 1000 .
it 's a fun effect but i find it does n't proc enough to be worth the cost over something like vats enhanced or instigating .
yuji if he finally snaps from all the shit kenjaku and sukuna have put him through so far
it gets to average size hard thankfully but it 's insane how small it is flaccid .
hmm well if you 're talking about your fiancé who is the person sponsoring you to come to the uk literally the only personal information i have provided is my passport .
it was literally just my bio page the one with the picture etc and i also scanned stamps on my passport which related to myself visiting my fiancée .
i 'm not too sure what travel doc odw is but if its asking for that just provide it one time when you upload it during your biometrics and just mark it as sponsor evidence ''
tell her that the dream is some twisted shit in her own mind not in yours .
if you do n't have hidden cameras in your living area then get some now .
you never know what weird stuff she may do or say so have a record of it .
she may ne heading towards a psychotic break and you need evidence that whatever made up shit happened did n't actually happen .
that way they lose points and you can defend your ai
neoliberals do the same but embrace the they/them army and liberate gays and minorities
everytime i hear it i 'm expecting silhouette to play lmao
is n't the pole award a relatively new thing ?
i do n't remember drivers getting a trophy or anything until 2018ish
there 's narayan dosa cp tank pasta say cheese patil juice so that 's a good thing to check out
i 'm about to risk it all on exxon calls at open to hold till tomorrow .
cause anyone can write whatever they want on the internet .
i 'm pretty sure the scheduling conflict is that pvpx is taking part in the at t annihilator cup every friday .
the first prize is 250k which is obviously a lot of money but you 'd think an organisation like cloud 9 would n't be sending a coach to stockholm who ca n't even coach for the entire event ...
never heard that citric acid was a common trigger for rosacea .
i have to be in the middle of something where i can switch my brain to routine mode to be able to get anything out of podcasts haha .
like doing chores around the house or something similar haha
edit just checked out your profile and you had 469000 comment karma which was very satisfying to me hahaha
wtf are you doing you 're endangering yourselves and others
ättestupa truly is the greatest policy of all time .
that has been happening to me on vanilla beta 1.9 prerelease to 1.5.2 .
i do not know how to fix this sadly .
people say stupid things we go haha '' and move on .
maybe do n't troll subs and get in your feelings about it .
ono to je preto lebo v chapter 1 na všetky autá čo si skočil sa kivali
this response is auto-generated on every new post submission .
this comment does not necessarily mean your post will be removed .
posts here are automatically placed in a cue for review approval .
if your post is removed it could be for any of the reasons listed below .
but first have you checked out our beginners guide https www.reddit.com/r/quittingkratom/comments/7p0qx2/read_this_first_if_youre_new and all the other helpful resources on the sidebar ?
also be sure to make use of the key word search box on quitting kratom 's main page https old.reddit.com/r/quittingkratom .
your question may have already been answered multiple times .
if you are tapering to quit please look at our helpful taper guide https old.reddit.com/r/modquittingkratom/comments/63tjtd/tapering .
many people have used it to successfully taper down making the jump and ultimately quitting .
very important please ensure that your post is in accordance with our subreddit 's rules https old.reddit.com/r/quittingkratom/about/rules .
violating any of these rules will result in your post not being placed in the 'live feed ' removed .
as per reddit 's rules not just ours absolutely no soliciting or sourcing is allowed i.e .
in addition posts comments mentioning brand names such as opms for example will be removed .
if the post you 've just submitted contains a brand name please edit this post to read either extracts '' or liquid shots '' instead .
moderators will ensure your post goes live '' once this correction is made and you 've notified us https old.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/quittingkratom .
posts asking about using another potentially addictive substance such as phenibut for example to help with withdrawal will be removed .
the answer is no we do not recommend it .
why risk extending the withdrawal process or potentially swapping addictions ?
this obviously does not include prescription medications aka 'helper meds ' authorized by a doctor used temporarily to assist you during withdrawal but do not ask about dosage amounts or dosing frequency for these meds .
these type of questions should be asked of your physician or therapist only .
posts or comments asking for or offering medical advice will be removed .
posts or comments suggesting the use of illegal drugs will also be removed .
continued infractions could result in a temporary or permanent ban at the discretion of moderators .
supplements we 've found the use of certain supplements to be helpful during withdrawal .
a listing can be found in the beginners guide https www.reddit.com/r/quittingkratom/comments/7p0qx2/read_this_first_if_youre_new .
many of our members have also found the megadosing liposomal vitamin c protocol https old.reddit.com/r/quittingkratom/comments/sx0as3/megadosing_liposomal_vitamin_c_protocol_for beneficial during acute stages of withdrawal .
but as with most things not every thing works for everyone .
the only purpose of this subreddit is to offer support to those who want to quit kratom entirely .
other than tapering to quit references to active kratom use including but not limited to occasional 'responsible ' use use in moderation use for pain management etc .
posts comments suggesting 'taking a tolerance break ' will be removed .
mentions of a kratom ban it 's legality the fda dea etc .
repeated attempts to do so could result in being banned from this subreddit .
some members have used various 'nootropics' for kratom withdrawal .
kava and some others used in higher amounts for longer durations is ill advized .
in our experience exercise although perhaps difficult during acute wds is the 'best medicine ' to help with kratom withdrawal .
as the old saying goes 'idle hands are the devil 's playground . '
it is our desire to offer a 'safe place ' to recover from kratom addiction .
trolling bullying name calling or comments made in an unkind unhelpful derogatory manner will not be tolerated .
if you see this type of behavior or any other violation of subreddit rules https old.reddit.com/r/quittingkratom/about/rules please use the 'report ' button link and the issue will be addressed asap .
note this disclaimer could be edited and updated in the future without notice .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/quittingkratom if you have any questions or concerns .
i think they should post a picture of uniformed metro employees eating on the train instead .
oh and do n't worry op they have an ad about manspreading too .
there is like a big chunk of the book of alma largest section in the book of mormon where there is just a bunch of war and death and cool stories .
one faction was about liberty and freedom the other were auth right weirdos who wanted to be controlled by a king .
i 'm not really active anymore but during my mission i would read it for entertainment lol .
it does n't necessarily mean she would actually date him .
that being said reading the other comments and how she has 3 work husbands she 's probably playing games with everyone .
it 's either that or she 's doing certain things to avoid harm because some men do n't take rejection well .
clone trooper wear tactical crocs into battle in assault mode
and how often will i need to buy one ?
i use two good yogurt in vanilla or strawberry .
i use about 1/2 cup of yogurt sweetener almond milk and ice in a magic bullet .
it 's only about 3 carbs and it is one of my favorite desserts .
i 'd recommend a retention holster and a gp pouch on the weak side cummerbund .
probably how to find what they like then how to skip adds .
they are most likely fine with adds because adds are dumb and have to try and be eye catching in 5 seconds that small kids will probably be entertained by them
did n't see it linked anywhere in the article and figured they would lead with the most inflammatory stuff .
not a big deal either way just expected something else .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/girlsgw if you have any questions or concerns .
i will keep buying qyld and ryld because i love the dividends .
yesterday i saw the dividends i received on the 26th were 2,760 .
i have another 990 coming the 29th from mo so it 's time for a new toy like a riding mower .
11th gen still has issues with igpu transcoding just go with 10th gen .
hello u/jjb8712 your post was removed as a low effort post because it had insufficient text as contribution from you to start off an interesting discussion .
please consider reposting after adding a few lines to the text section of your post .
if you are asking a question trying adding a few details to your query after ensuring that it is not already answered in the faq https www.reddit.com/r/marvelstudios/wiki/faq .
if you feel that there has been a mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmarvelstudios so that they can manually check your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/marvelstudios if you have any questions or concerns .
would be pretty pog if john and arlo works with each other more
i 'm still pretty bummed at how much the show disappointed me and my buddies .
the anti-choice protesters refuse to mind their own business that 's the problem .
if they would simply mind their own business and stop harassing people there would n't be a problem .
this account must be active for more than 48 hours
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ethereumclassic if you have any questions or concerns .
i hope it 's just a movie trope and no longer a thing in real life but the whole asking dad permission to marry his daughter .
it 's seen as this quaint dad is just old fashioned '' thing .
if dad is so old fashioned maybe dad should pay a dowry .
i picked elliot by random but i have been in these bars before .
my kid would need to spend an hour in an office in bridgeville and next door was one of the early opening bars .
i 'd spend that hour with a couple mgds and be amazed at the fact that the same 3-4 guys were there every day .
lol you mean the trading cards you get for beating bosses ?
i never figured out how to use them i can equip them they 're just kinda grey 'd out .
i figured i just needed to raise my int and faith but that was n't it maybe it 's arcane ?
i try to avoid looking things up sorry if this is common knowledge i 'm on xbox .
lock the money into a 6-12 month term and time your condo closing for right after .
throw on a pink top-hat and voila orco from he-man
does the death or loss of two digimon at the end of kizuna count ?
i 'm a grown ass man and could n't hold back on that one .
i dont know about places to eat but if you want to live run .
they are trying to defund the police in louisville and murders and car jackings are sky high .
dont worry about the food here worry about where to get a bullet proof vest .
she has caught feelings for him and even though she says she loves you it 's obvious she does n't or she 's respect your wishes and drop him .
she was honest and she has every right to live her best life and try to improve as a person .
it 's not ok nor normal for you to have this possessive and jealous behavior like you own her body and her life .
whatever is causing this kind of behaviour you need to look for help and get better .
tbh i would n't want a photo frame for a wedding picture for my birthday present from my so either handmade or not he 's not even going to use it .
that is a thing you pick together imo not give as a gift .
if your ok with him buying you clothes/makeup for family dinners/events how is this any different really ?
he gifted himself a pair of nikes from you .
he did n't say he did n't want your gift or did n't appreciate your effort although i still believe its not a gift .
honestly you caused a scene over a photo frame you know that if he 'd opened that people would be talking about you so either way a scene would be caused by either you storming out over the comments made about the it or what happened with the nikes .
i kinda feel you was looking for a reason to blow up .
it would be a great long time before i saw him
hbk at wrestlemania 25 as well coming down from heaven to battle undertaker wwe
starlight kid against fukigen death at osaka dream cinderella making a reference to their shared past with stars stardom
neo biishiki-gun at grand princess 22 coming in full force with past members tjpw
plus you got the usual utami with her swag as a champion ciampa entering nxt with boos miu watanabe and her l.o.v.e. etc .
it 's interesting because it has the last few holdovers from their first album era but it also has the first major hints of the kind of long form stuff they would start doing with 2112 ...
another concept/fantasy album i did n't see any mentions of is kiss 's music from 'the elder ' ''
y'all really want to keep clinging to the covid lies they told you huh ?
moon knight mr. knight is just marc steven in their respective avatar states
that 's interesting if you go through the above method to check your sign in to steam is it still active ?
it 's definitely the same steam account as the one you used previously ?
i think this is jagex ' guide on how to do the above
as an aside i just opened the osrs client on steam it prompted me to sign in with runescape my normal login i logged into the website through the popup and it automatically linked my account .
do you get multiple options on the sign in screen ?
one for log-in with existing account and create new account via steam
ive been told by a friend that thats exactly what happened to her after years of using hitatchi at full blast every day she couldnt finish without it but before she could with just her finger
please make sure that your post follows all our rules https www.reddit.com/r/jacksepticeye/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jacksepticeye if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm also curious how did it get to be so bad ?
did you start with a small drink every evening and it increased from there ?
i think in the non cannon story i pulled that from think it was just jones finding some pictographs of the droids on a egyptian wall the bigfoot are decedents of a small group of wookies .
in another non cannon story they tell the origin of humans in the star wars galaxy as coming from earth .
basically a group escaped the earth from lucas ' thx movie in a colony ship and get pulled into a blackhole emerging in a new galaxy where they are quickly attacked and enslaved by the infinite empire taken to corrosant to build there cities ...
my first love and long time best friend broke up with me 3 days before our one year anniversary .
we had an amazing relationship occasional issues and things that we had to work through but nothing too major .
the last month before our breakup he started acting distant and strange and no matter how hard i tried to fix it or figure out why nothing was working .
i mentally denied the possibility of us breaking up until he stopped telling me he loved me a week prior which lead to him ghosting me for a week then breaking up with me .
we talked it over in person and both agreed we would probably get back together because we did truly love each other but the breakup completely destroyed me .
for nearly a month i was a shell of who i used to be i felt like i was on autopilot and was completely drained of any hope or happiness and even considered taking my own life because i thought that would be better than the life i was living .
i never understood how someone could get to that point over a breakup until having my own .
then i started to get used to the absence in my life and slowly began picking up the pieces and tried to work on learning to be happy with myself .
i got in a great space and then he and i got back together .
it 's 100 a function of guys never having pictures taken and after having caught a fish is one of the few times it happens .
these are two extremely different guesses how do you go from guessing bulgarian to guessing lithuanian ?
that said if i had a phone based position here 's how i 'd approach it
do you get a lot of the same questions ?
if so maybe something like a flow chart would help .
if it 's something new every time maybe keep a list of stock phrases handy to indicate that you need some time .
i 'm pulling up your info give me just a sec . ''
actually now that i think about it some more you could make the processing your first response a la reflective listening .
let me make sure i 'm understanding you correctly .
so you want to file a complaint about something ? ''
did you say that you 're calling to accomplish some task ? ''
ie make your first response about clarification rather than immediately jumping to problem solving .
if mommy does n't go baby does n't go .
sucks to suck but hubs can get over it .
i caved and started watching the boys on fb but for twitch it 's 100 jaylen .
saying alexandra breckenridge is not on the highest of leagues is being not just blind but plainly stupid .
your post has been removed automatically for the following reason
all posts submitted by accounts under a minimum comment karma amount are removed .
please contribute to reddit and this subreddit via comments and discussion first before posting submissions .
we do n't disclose the exact amount but commenting and sharing around reddit will help .
this rule is a necessary spam tool to help the mod team .
we ask each new submitter to gain the karma required before submitting regardless of content .
how do i know when i 've gained enough karma ?
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've met our requirements .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/overwatch if you have any questions or concerns .
i had this in australia wore traditional clothes and brought lebanese food because my mum could n't make anything good that is iraqi .
although payed exists the reason why autocorrection did n't help you it is only correct in
nautical context when it means to paint a surface or to cover with something like tar or resin in order to make it waterproof or corrosion-resistant .
payed out when letting strings cables or ropes out by slacking them .
unfortunately i was unable to find nautical or rope-related words in your comment .
i just upvoted you please upvote my recent posts back .
i could n't stop looking at my first born .
he pooped on me 3 times and i was still so entranced .
holding him even now at 2 and a half i still feel amazed .
i really hope i have those same feelings again with my second one .
every single time i get an alert on my watch it 's immediate.. even if i 'm on my phone i rocket to the ring app hit live view it holds on the loading screen 4x longer than me just randomly looking at it any other time .
everybody does deserve equal rights what are u on about💀u mean not everyone needs a campaign to help showcase there issues..
i do love 19 year old girls that are beautiful as yourself.you are absolutely beautiful and most definitely an hottie too 😘☺️
if its stem business finance or computer related it 's a good shout .
i 'm not competing against fresh graduates and i 'm yesterdays news already .
lol i do n't normally listen to podcasts but i would totally do that 😆
my sil had 3 boys and was an executive .
she traveled a lot and needed a lot of family help when they were young .
it did help her that my brother was a teacher and had the same school schedule as the boys .
i was their nanny when the boys were young .
they had a house cleaner and lawn service so they did n't have to worry about that stuff when home .
they did so well they both retired at 50 and all 3 boys were still in school .
the oldest is a senior right now youngest in 6th grade .
they have had their house paid off for years and they live much calmer lives now and can be completely present for their kids .
my sil now does consultant work part time and works as little as she wants while still supporting her family .
finally one cold case solved and the piece of shit had n't died already .
it sucks when they finally solve these cases but the person is already dead so they do n't go to jail .
hope this guy rots in jail for the rest of his life .
does suck he 's been free for so long .
but at least her family gets justice now instead of never .
first time i 've been reading a post as it was removed p
we need karma to open an official account of oceanex exchange .
teachers bragging that her subject/course is that hard that almost nobody passed it .
like does that mean you 're a bad teacher ?
not sure they 'll be very good printed tho but i guess that was very hopeful by me
jesus never realized that picture of patrick is really fucking creepy .
it 's getcomponent so close enough they could also just drop them in the inspector in the simple game that 's probably a more beginner friendly solution .
though i 'm not sure why bring up entity component system ?
i do n't think anyone starts programming in unity with that it has n't even left preview yet .
both examples you used above are correct by the way .
the cells swell and lyse or the cells swell and undergo lysis are both fine to use in my opinion .
would super appreciate some comment karma here i 'll upvote anyone who comments .
it 's giving off hella kino vibes and i dig it .
starts at 3 so i 'll try to go to bed at about 10 or 11 and wake up at around 4:30 to catch the 2nd half
so they actually got the actors together in the same place ?
i assumed it was a series of bluescreen shots composited together so they did n't have to align the schedules of 30 a-list actors .
if you made it through that date you can make it through anything .
for me goods naman competitive naman din sila with other brands .
for me kasi i do n't really rely on price tag e. meron dyan cheap price pero after ilang months sira na .
there 's 100,000 people that want to be recognized and respected the way they are oriented in relation to others ?
but as long as assholes like you are here to regurgitate the empty headed nonsense of bad faith actors then everyone who is n't you will just have to deal with being persecuted and erased .
watch he 'll turn red any second now any second .
the red spy removes his disguise right behind soldier and heavy
sound of the fight over the team fortress 2 card
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=altruistic-attitude9 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
stop looking at pussy 's and finally fuck some dating guide here https www.reddit.com/r/ratemypussy/comments/pl9ggu/how_to_find_girls_online_and_fuck_them_in_real
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ratemypussy if you have any questions or concerns .
in the black country we say ar kid '' our kid which normally refers to a younger brother or sister but can generally refer to anyone these kids days
i 'll admit i forgot this was in the context of better than doc rivers .
but you have to admit those hawks teams had much less star power than any doc rivers team in the last 14 years .
the first seed with those hawks is a big deal .
all my last ems arrived in less than 10 days 🤷‍♂️
i had suicidal thoughts at the ripe age of 9. by 15 i was able to notice the pattern .
i was n't able to get a diagnosis till i was 21 cuz my parents do n't really believe in mental illnesses .
between 9-21 years of age i attempted 7 times and they did n't know ab any of them .
after my 7th time which was shortly after my 21st bday i realized that i 'm already 2 yrs past 19 which was the age i thought id never make it past so might as well fix this cuz i 'm prob gon na live longer if i do n't kms now .
2 therapists and 3 psychiatrists later i got a diagnosis and it 's been a work in progress since .
it 's really really hard and i 'm still suicidal but i 'm way better than before .
i always thought koga in his heart of hearts is kind of a dick so i figured once he tastes true strength he might say fuck everybody and pull a yujiro
some of europe 's largest energy companies are preparing to use a new payment system for russian gas demanded by the kremlin which critics say will undercut eu sanctions threaten the bloc 's unity and deliver billions in cash to russia 's economy .
gas distributors in germany austria hungary and slovakia are planning to open rouble accounts at gazprombank in switzerland in order to satisfy a russian requirement for payments in its own currency according to people with knowledge of the preparations .
the groups include two of the single largest importers of russian gas düsseldorf-based uniper and vienna-based omv .
negotiations between european buyers and gazprom the russian state-controlled gas supplier have intensified as payment deadlines approach they said .
italy 's eni another of gazprom 's large customers is evaluating its options said two people familiar with the discussions .
the rome-backed company has until the end of may when its next payment for russian supplies is due to make a final call italian officials said .
the preparations show the impact of russian efforts to weaponise gas supplies and challenge the eu 's ability to maintain a united front against moscow .
russian president vladimir putin issued a decree in late march that gas buyers from so-called unfriendly nations — which include all of the eu — had to set up both foreign currency and rouble bank accounts with gazprombank the switzerland-based financial trading arm of gazprom to pay for their supplies .
the measure was seen as a way of neutralising eu sanctions against russia 's central bank over moscow 's invasion of ukraine .
gas importers in poland and bulgaria which have refused to sign up to the kremlin scheme had gas supplies from russia halted on wednesday a decision ursula von der leyen european commission president described as being tantamount to blackmail .
brussels has struggled to counter moscow 's demands the commission issued official technical guidance admitting that the financial engineering devised by the kremlin could be sanctions-compliant under some conditions .
it would result in russia being able to access billions in gas revenues to support its currency and its economy member states and eu officials said .
under the new russian mechanism european companies would continue to pay gazprombank for their imports in euros — ensuring they did not breach the sanctions regime .
the russian bank which is not under eu sanctions would then at their request convert euro-denominated deposits into roubles in a second account opened in their name for onward payment to russia .
the commission 's advisers have concluded that any move by the eu to impose sanctions against gazprombank — which would be the swiftest way of closing the loophole — could jeopardise the entire existing payment mechanism for russian gas resulting in a catastrophic cessation of shipments to the bloc .
valdis dombrovskis commission executive vice-president said in an interview that it was primarily up to the individual companies that had signed the contracts with gazprom to implement and interpret them .
but he urged them to stick to the letter of these contracts .
so you pay this amount of euros for a given amount of gas end of story he said .
russia 's move to cut off gas supplies to bulgaria and poland was nevertheless a challenge he admitted .
it 's important to preserve eu unity in this regard and as president von der leyen said we should not be giving in to this kind of blackmail he said .
omv said it had analysed the gazprom request on payment methods in light of eu sanctions and was working on a sanctions-compliant solution .
tiina tuomela chief financial officer of uniper said we consider that the amendment of the payment process complies with the sanctions law and so the payments are possible.
italian officials said the commission 's guidelines on whether gazprom 's payment scheme represented a breach of sanctions were ambiguous and did not give clarity to member states .
german vice-chancellor and economy minister robert habeck said on wednesday that the russian payment mechanism was the path that the eu marked out for us .
it 's the path that is compatible with sanctions and as far as i understand the german companies that are doing it this way are in compliance with their contracts he said .
he added that following a visit to poland on tuesday it was his understanding that warsaw intended to take a more uncompromising line with moscow .
they 're not scared of an embargo he said .
apply the same logic to yourself that you use on others
feel free to say the other is selfish lacks empathy and is being shitty .
feel free to stream yourself doing a dj set or creating dj tunes !
please remember to observe our rules https www.reddit.com/r/redditsets/about/rules before commenting .
if you want to help out our wonderful team please apply at https apply.rpan.co.uk
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redditsets if you have any questions or concerns .
lol no but as a general rule of thumb it 's best not to advertise yourself committing crimes online .
even if it is n't the reason why you get caught it will definitely be used against you if you are caught .
they 're going to end up covered in cum for sure .
if your king is being pawn stormed moving a rooks pawn is a mistake .
imagine if the market opens red after all this euphoria
old ruined women and young virgin men are in that same batch .
nowadays i only play when i 'm ready to be a dad figure .
genau deshalb will ich auch noch keinem den seller empfehlen .
die qualität der schuhe ist gut irgendwie habe ich aber das gefühl dass er nur auf eine große bestellung wartet um direkt 1k oder so auf einmal abzuziehen .
this is a really braindead take on two utterly incomparable situations .
japan 's fleets did n't exist all their colonial conquests were overrun or bypassed and impotent .
russia on the other hand has not managed to secure even serious tactical victories against ukraine and adding nukes to the mix would most certainly escalate the suffering .
bro i have tried this also but after fapping my mind completely goes off and i can not concentrate
i think the orthodox and catholic view is that they are step-brothers children of joseph from an earlier marriage or cousins .
i think the strongest argument for the cathorthodox view is that jesus entrusted care for mary to john at the cross while brothers '' james jude etc .
this implies that he was mary 's only child .
das wirkt auf dich so weil ich eine andere meinung habe dass ist völlig normal mach dir keine sorgen .
also you wake up in those nice hospital gowns that are open at the back .
i do n't even understand why the guy was let into ops room when she was n't even awake after her surgery .
that 's a situation where your family or your spouse might get admitted but not some random 'friend ' .
ozma lee is a macross frontier character and pilots the vf-25s messiah '' .
roy fokker 's name in the og macross is roy focker '' .
reading paper talk transfer gossip and club based rumours while taking my morning shit will be nice at least ...
this is copied and pasted from a saved comment on another post .
do n't over think it give your self a day .
put the fish and as much of the water that 's practical in buckets or totes/tubs .
i recommend keeping as much as possible as it reduces stress for the fish .
very gently and slowly refill by siphoning water from a bucket onto a piece of decor/driftwood/rock or a plate to minimise sand disturbance .
add fish back into the tank when most of their water is in the tank .
top up with fresh water just like a water change .
monitor parameters closely for a couple of weeks and do extra water changes if needed .
edited posted my tank swap method now edited to substrate swap
minner meg om sånne miniboliger jeg har sett dokumentarer om i japan .
der bor folk på det som ser ut som en liten gang der du har såvidt plass til en utslagsvask bidét og en liten seng .
de kan klemme inn 50 boliger på 15 kvm i et bygg og få solgt alle sammen det er som å ha et eget pengetrykkeri
men altså det er jo markedet som dikterer også følger utbyggere etter .
hadde ingen vært villige til å bo i det kottet der så hadde det ikke blitt lagt ut til den prisen .
så er spørsmålet hvor endringen skal/må skje først er det i viljen/evnen folk har til å bo usentralt eller er det i utbyggingen av større leiligheter sentralt ?
but it 's a fine pencil on its own merit .
the psd5 is a step up in quality though .
your not getting the matches you think you should cause your profiles not matching the you you think you are .
i 'm pretty honest at register and my mate/captain encourage it
yet in a representative democracy where government regulates the economy the principle is supposed to be that the majority make the decision so its curious that the minority benefit unless the system itself is broken .
unfortunately you ca n't make a silk purse out of a sows ear no matter how much you fiddle with the sow .
niggas be gmt bro how dodgers lose to dbacks losing me mad bread
can confirm this is possible with the 10 amazon attachment .
the canister is rated to the same pressure as a full size tank and connecting them together will equalize the pressure between them .
if you freeze the small container beforehand you can slightly overfill it .
buddy of mine says he too plans on going out in a blaze of glory .
leave it so we know who should we avoid speaking to
or just people/inner children because i just wanted something expected something and it worked
probably not but frankly even when italy was in it i would mostly watch it with my dad or if it was in a big screen in the city usually i just looked at the results after .
i would never miss a final or semi final .
to me its more a social event than about football which is why italy being out of it kind of spoils it for me .
if i do n't have the chance to meet with fellow italians in london or in case i 'm in italy mingle with others in coastal city and cheer together there is no point
i will be cheering culturally close countries like spain argentina portugal greece if they are in it and so on .
i also live in england so maybe them last time italy was out and england was in i was in uni and i reacted rather childishly and could n't wait for them to be kicked out so i would n't have to have their happiness rubbed in my face .
usually i find it far more satisfying to cheer against countries rather than for them most likely the one of the last tourist that has annoyed me
thank you team for all the efforts you 've all gone through to deliver us this amazing story !
not gon na lie the notes by the teams at the end of chapters are usually skipped by most people but so much work was put into them that over time they grew on me and they became one of my favorite parts .
i always looked forward to seeing them and learning something new !
i was so confused when i spawned at top right ...
wish we could see what he is looking at .
this is not a modern weapon if you got a proper gun kitted to your liking you can control full-auto fire quite well .
csepel az egyik legélhetőbb kerület budapesten a fideszes vezetéstől függetlenül .
nagyjából a bajcsytól lefelé minden jó királyerdő macerás de biztonságos .
de még a szent imrén is nyugodtan végigmegyek bármikor .
free bijli to us bar me isne hi di h naa ?
imagine the dongers pilot 's with nothing on other than a speedo and a pilot hat sitting in the cockpit .
of course you could never see it because the security is almost as tight as the spandex
just do n't get pissy if you get trash talked or votekicked .
we know those things are correct because the snp are infallible .
is staff officer black of the red ribbon army from the original dragonball series where goku is still a kid no saiyan considered an ok or exaggerated portrayal ?
yep people are too dumb to actually read the quantity .
yes it 's misleading packaging but not if you can actually look at the number on the label
i did n't think i 'd be dancing at 2am
i do n't even like him that much but come on .
even though we ca n't choose our mother and father ?
what an unfortunate usage of the word and a reach .
it 's truly sad to see people playing generational trauma olympics .
i had that happen on my last case one of the usb front io was damaged and the pin was bent over contacting the ground .
try unplugging your front panel usb from the motherboard and see if it still does it
just do the heisman/marshawn lynch and you 're all set anytime a large predator 's coming at you unironically not a terrible idea if it 's a shark because apparently they can get temporarily stunned or something if you bonk em on the nose
the quoted excerpts do not state any of that only that output would not increase before 2023 .
too brainwashed https twitter.com/codendahl/status/1519783167657496577 to even being able to read ?
you have zero personal responsibility at the moment that wo n't be the case forever get out and see a bit of the world before you get a long term partner career kids house car mortgage et al .
source 2 yeas in the states back when it was good 90 's
once i take them out do i test it then or do i put it back in and test again ?
the only thing that is a steal at 6.50 in a spac is your bank account .
in my country you tip only on special occasions and mostly to just round the check up .
y'all yanks will have to pry the tip from my cold dead hands for just a fucking pizza .
they 're end caps i think to transition between one and another type of armor slope .
tom brier born october 3 1971 is an american ragtime pianist composer and archivist .
brier has gained popularity on multiple medias after videos of him succeeding covers from video games—such as super mario world and yoshi 's island—on first time were posted on youtube and gained millions of views .
f.a.q https www.reddit.com/r/wikisummarizer/wiki/index wiki_f.a.q opt out https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=wikisummarizerbot message=optout subject=optout opt out of subreddit https np.reddit.com/r/nextfuckinglevel/about/banned github https github.com/sujal-7/wikisummarizerbot downvote to remove v1.5
mention u/redditmp4bot under a post to download reddit videos and gifs from v.redd.it i.redd.it youtube imgur twitter gfycat gif-vif streamable redgifs giphy etc .
the ford raptor is a hell of a good looking truck and it 's fast ...
speaking from owning both ... a tundra is an all-in-one rig .
buddy bees are usually pretty docile and wo n't hurt you if not agitated so you can live with them in harmony .
however if you have kids at home that could be an issue .
in that case you can get the hive removed but most probably there wo n't be any good end to it .
all those people commenting for translocation have watched too much discovery or reddit videos .
that is nog how things are done in india .
you would have to approch a professional who will create some smoke and make the colony leave the hive most probably the queen bee hence destroying the colony .
however you will get some homey out of it .
and one more thing the guy will charge money or entire homey for doing so if you live in a metropolitan he might ask for both .
it doesnt but it 's still bugged with some dashes .
it 's supposed to let the dash finish because such a high uptime zone would be quite toxic e mines dmg have to trigger somehow .
it reads something like 'stun them for the remaining duration of the dash x after x being 0.6-1s depending on e rank .
but there are certain dashes that are hard coded to be stopable by stuns usually dashes dont interupt them and spaghetti code goes while on those ones .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
almost every version i know of batman usually adopts dick grayson when he is in his late 20's-mid 30 's .
in what continuity does he adopt dick when he is middle aged ?
a lot of people have a love they end up staying away from for whatever reason but the love never really goes away .
it was nice to see two people who have always loved each other end up together .
and rebecca 's conversation with sophie was just beautiful .
this is tv and i want to be entertained .
we 're car dependent if we want to go anywhere .
very slowly the greenway and sidewalk network is being completed to where that may be a different story in 5ish years ... but rush hour traffic up here is hell .
your comment has been caught by the spam filter .
if it does n't violate any rules it will be manually approved by the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/watchredditdie if you have any questions or concerns .
ikr trans people literally just existing is so annoying like damn imagine people literally just living their lives as their true selves .
choosing between trump and biden hmmm do i want upvotes or do i want controversy ?
it does n't work as they warp with him .
did you just try to throw an asteroid on me ? ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/paag if you have any questions or concerns .
it appears that you are concerned about an apparent bug with magic the gathering arena .
please remember to include a screenshot of the problem if applicable !
please check to see if your bug has been formally reported .
if you lost during an event please contact wizards of the coast for an opportunity for a refund .
please contact the subreddit moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmagicarena if you have any questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/magicarena if you have any questions or concerns .
if you would like to receive a private message whenever the post author submits a new part you can leave a command below in response to this sticky .
if you posted it correctly you 'll get a confirmation pm !
r/onlyfans_promo is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans_promo if you have any questions or concerns .
do n't know if i should say w comment or cursed comment
the first girl i ever liked i was chatting to on the phone and i was trying to be polite/mildly flirty and things were going well until she yelled ow . ''
i asked if she was ok and then she responded with .
yeah i just got a splinter in my foot and it hurt . ''
i thought in my head oh did you take your shoes off ? ''
there was a long silence and then it immediately hit me what i had said and all she did was laugh shyly .
i never felt more embarrassed in my entire life .
it shines a bit more when used in blends though i 'll mix it with a white or green .
it just did n't do it for me on its own .
i thought that was awesome but then i looked up the price ... . 13,500 for a reman tesla 3 battery ... . christ ... .
i hope that at least covers removal disposal and installation .
that 's a lot to fork out on an older vehicle .
the light novels themselves say that he has a harem a shit ton
next ... before after ... use me ever bb ... but my price is your clit rub on my mouth until you cum over my mouth ... you dare ?
the folder has the card for rampage in it .
he 's booking wrestling during the nfl draft and would say he 's proud of that .
ca n't wait for the ig pics showing the lineup ...
i might crawl for or just be on my knees chasing after you with my mouth .
welp as a parent and shit poster ... .incase you do n't hear it at home ... yes you 're a good son .
ca n't wait for next season when they have a healthy zion .
they were known to support discriminatory race based ideas .
a bunch of people who were ok with certain races not getting the same rights they had or the constitution expressed used the flag and so did some people who did n't have slaves did n't support the constitution for some and not for others .
a symbol is just an expression of an idea but when they symbols become bastardized by hateful people many times that becomes if not the whole of the overwhelming idea people think of when they see it .
maybe the group just thought the name was out of date and carried to much negative history there choice .
but people act like words do n't get outgrown and become almost dead in a sense .
happens all the time for all kinds of reasons .
cnn did n't say so they capitalized on it the occurrence for their benefit .
if you found out a peodofilia group was using the term infinite as a signal to others in their group and it became well know you might stop using it .
even if you knew you were n't in the group and did n't intend for it to cause harm .
sure you could use it if you want but you might have to be ready to do a lot of consistent explaining depending on the place and time .
i mean the kar98k was a sniper with only a 4.4 zoom optic and more often used for aggressive gameplay rather than camping .
now that only the heavy snipers with much stronger optics can one shot headshot we will see even more camping and you will just get sniped from even longer ranges .
on top of that there campers wo n't fear sitting on top of rooftops as much because not as many people will want to have a heavy slow sniper and so if you choose to still run one of the nerfed snipers and shoot a camper you will only attract their attention .
that 's why the kar98 was perfect for most loadouts .
you could use it aggressively but if there was a need to snipe a camper you could also do that .
so for the sniper campers this was an amazing update .
properly acid relux to ur lungs if u know thag the main problem then u need to fix ur hernia same for me but im on pantoprazol now and my breath have been back to normal .
since when do they let rats compete in dog competitions ?
surrounded by thieves is my favorite album of theirs .
that 's the feeling i 'm getting as opposed to being an 8th band .
everyone already proclaiming this to be a bad pick are just asking to be called out in a few months .
i 'll be excited if the pick works out but i wo n't pretend to have any idea if it will or not .
i 've only played 7 though i 've seen some of 6 on youtube .
with all these issues '' kay vico about not endorsing your favorite candidate isa lang ang sigurado ko .
masaya si iyo bernardo at ang mga eusebios because of this development sige cancel pa. 👏
edit dont get me wrong ok lang magkaroon ng standards pero be realistic guys .
então me explica pq os 3 estados com o maior numero de policiais também são os 3 estados mais seguros do pais ?
oh well but stuy you know buds haha cause .
i could n't find a lot of reviews for jin jung sung essence on reddit even though it was recommended by one influencer on instagram .
but since you recommend it too i shall give it a try !
if i were to do it again i 'd do each piece separate instead of all together like this was .
i can post a close up photo if you 'd be interested !
why do i feel like we will take a s even though we have three non-negotiable starters at the position ?
a 1st round s bound for special teams yay !
r/onlyfanspetite is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspetite if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't like it but we draft well usually so i 'll allow it
i 'm pretty happy with grist for that front to be honest .
there 's a lot of insect cards but surprisingly few good ones or good insect support .
it goes with the theme of my army a mechanized unit designed to operate behind enemy lines .
the infantry is over-laden with gear and ammunition to be self-sufficient away from supply lines .
i did n't like any of the 3rd party backpacks and the forgeworld upgrade ones were going for an unreasonable amount at the time but i had tons of bits of various ammo pouches and grenades .
for the first 2 months i felt the mental first .
it was calming and i felt more peace and connection .
take a breath and face the reality of the situation .
talk to your counselor and make it clear you know you fucked up and that you 100 want to get your degree and want to create a new path to get that degree .
maybe scale the class load back and go part time for two semesters instead of trying to make up everything at once .
for reference i made van wilder look like doogie houser .
when i fucked up i tried doubling down on the workload to make it up and it was a bad move as i fucked that up too .
eventually i took a class or two at a time while working part/full time .
i finally got that degree and in the long run that 's what counts .
take a step back and reassess the situation ... you got this .
thanks was wondering if this was frowned upon but it seems like others might try this practice
i 'm a penn state fan and honestly i still think it was the right move if we were going to take a qb .
maybe taking a qb this year was a mistake but i think pickett was the right move
your flair will update once your partner replies to your comment .
u/raxip please reply to the above comment with your feedback only after your transaction is complete and both sides have received their end of the transaction .
once you reply you will both get credit and your flair scores will increase .
u/raxip if you did not complete a transaction with this person please do not reply to their comment as this will confirm the transaction .
instead please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=r/uvtrade subject=incorrectly 20tagged 20confirmation message=i 20was 20incorrectly 20tagged 20in 20this 20comment 3a 20https 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fcomments 2fu36f2l 2f 2fi6mak4w so we can contact the user and handle the situation .
i trust our gm but damn its weird to see dude throwing with gloves
my favorite tactic for arguing with boomers that esports are sports is to say they have performance enhancing drug scandals ''
it 's a good photo pretty cool ... but i do n't believe the story behind it .
that 's a shitty thing to do to a guy .
but i bet if you handed him the money he would n't be handing it back to you .
if they try to play it off just keep your head down and work hard till you prove yourself .
after that you can lead by example and call out who ever you want .
when will i come across the ones with extreme and savage content ?
just got to level 5 so i am guessing not for a long while .
schools and roads are being built where i live .
my mom when i told her i tried to commit suicide because i was done with people hurting my feelings .
she told me that even though jesus was nice and kind people still put him on the cross and hurt him too .
actually i would say either a or b could be correct but both need commas to offset the clause helping/to help the farmers have a better harvest '' and a is better overall because it has the meaning that was probably intended .
the research he devotes himself to helping the farmers have a better harvest is very important .
in this sentence helping is a gerund and the clause is renaming what was mentioned already the research .
the research he devotes himself to to help the farmers have a better harvest is very important .
this makes sense if you understand that there is an invisible '' in order in front of the clause which tells why he devotes himself to research .
that is the research he devotes himself to in order to help the farmers have a better harvest is very important .
i hate qiqi i will trade qiqi for your diluc !
that 's why i 'm sitting here wondering what 's going on .
i mean in higher thc levels i would go as far to say it straight knocked me out .
i have only tried this at 30 and 29 i believe .
we are all looking forward to that with great joy .
and if you are not that into vr boxing and it 's just something you do now and then it makes sense .
but for me i only use my quest for boxing and i do pvp every single day and until totf i will enjoy this greatly .
fraggo teared up when venat asked him in elpis if his journey had been good .
they both enjoyed the story but fraggo seemed to get emotionally attached .
then again it might be simply because we got to see fraggo play through the whole thing whereas scripe gave his opinion after the facts .
nesse ponto eu tentaria uma abordagem em um ambiente diverso já rolou de ter colegas de aula e tal q tbm n sabia se davam sinais trocava umas ideias dava umas investidas de leve e tinha essa insegurança se ia se n ia mais qual q era q consegui ficar seja numa festa de fim de ano do curso esse foi um exemplo claro 1 ano estudando juntos fomos ficar na festa de fim do ano do negocio em outros casos tbm em roles com colegas tbm rolou acho q um ambiente diferente meio q quebra a rotina e da p tentar uma investida aniversario de alguem qualquer encontro ou role fora do campus mas no seu caso ta hard mesmo se ela n sai p nada
she did n't have money and fame back then but she did have an amazing mother .
nobody said it 's glamorous but it 's not the dystopian shit people seem to think .
you 're right that sometimes people are uncomfortable sharing pronouns because they are n't sure yet !
honestly this is why as a trans person i think we should n't pressure people about it too much .
share if you want and if not people in most spaces are going to default to what they think you look like .
in queer spaces it 'd more likely be they/them .
if you feel comfortable raising this issue with higher-ups or hr would be cool .
simply saying i understand the value of normalizing sharing pronouns but pressure to do so hurts the same people we 're claiming to be inclusive to could be huuuuge imo .
is it a regional thing or are they kinda hard to find ?
i started at 31 and i 've surprised other trans women when i told them i 'm trans so like .
make sure you have n't disabled anything in the bios .
stuck on 5-1 can not for the life of me beat fantomex i do such little damage
i checked the car back a few hours later from my window and it 's still in the same spot implying that he/she wasnt holding it for anybody .
and yes something like this you 'd typically expect in the nyc .
the post is just to pour my anger and disappointment to this sub .
hey moe 's that 's just richard nixons list !
that 's it you 're going on the list bar ney gumble
if there one thing you should n't touch it 's the coca cola formula .
unless it 's to save the company and even then you bring back the classic so that it sells like mad
most sane media is saying the solomons are free to make their own choices but australia should n't have taken them for granted .
when you 're so autistic you reply to yourself 4 times
i admit i did n't the name seemed sketch .
yeah u highbrow intellectuals really got me i just cant grasp the plot
we have a combo of humans demihumans anthros and shapeshifters .
black snake well he 's a shapeshifter who likes to become a black snake sometimes .
yvette is usually in an anthro form but occasionally a more animalistic form always with the tails of a fox .
bud is ... he 's hard to describe ever since he developed his amorphous dirt mass phase here .
he could be basically anywhere as practically anything anymore unlike when he started out and just looked like a vulcan from star trek .
tris is always himself just human as am i .
kit on the other hand absolutely hates to be only human in appearance so she 's always got some vaguely conflicting stuff going on like her eagle wings and scaly tail .
everyone else demihuman keeps those features matching but honestly i love that she kept them once she could form her own appearance more .
i literally never said supermajors you are making up your own criteria and strawman arguments at this point .
i was speaking strictly of all professional play finals since the last update .
you do n't even know what a supermajor is do you ?
smasher terms for ww offline tournaments which is a pretty stupid argument considering the almost complete lack of offline play the last 2 years
paper trading is a way to practice a trading strategy to see if it works .
if you 've never played blackjack before would you go to vegas with a few hundred dollars and just play ?
or would you learn how to play first then practice with your friends ?
remember fools rush in where angels fear to tread .
you say restore '' like he was ever not insane and retarded .
and they have always been aggressively against fixing any of the problems in their life .
joseph r biden has stated numerous times he 's coming for people 's guns .
you are a disingenuous lying pos and i hope you one day understand how embarrassingly hypocritical you are .
apperently according to the minecraft devs they are saddles but they look like horse heads to me
i could say everybody hurts by r.e.m but i think that one is a but too obvious .
i always get all choked up when i hear hard to say i 'm sorry by chicago even the first time i heard it
yes you really are beating the metaphorical deceased equine glad you noticed .
i 'd argue the hobbit series might even have worked really well as 2 films each 135 minutes long .
my car is a lime green color and will remain that color until there 's a good soaking rain or i finally wash it .
eric nuttal on twitter has a great graphic with the ec/fcf .
in addition to those 20 or so companies i like ptal and joy but those are too small for eric
very hungry would suck on your pussy untill i was drinking the nectar of the gods you must taste amazing .
shes trying to get u a new dad u ungrateful child
this transaction has been recorded and flairs have been updated .
when that chorus finally hits it really reminded me of martin 's ghost stuff the pacing is reminiscent of the end of year zero or he is
blonde hair and blue eyes always catches my attention 😍
dolphins use sonar/sound and can hear their babies from 2 kilometers away .
i 'm sure the mother can find it easily within the few minutes it took these men to untangle it .
just enjoy the video and quit trying to find things to be offended over people .
the hunter centipede maybe that 'll be the one reborn in bloodborne 2 copium
s1-4 of that show are some of my favorite tv .
ofc i think ragnar carries the show but all three really tie together well .
would love to be able to watch it with fresh eyes again .
i think if you cut this down to the best 7 songs it would be on par with daytona
i agree but i do n't think that sticking a magazine on the holster is the best option available after trying it for 2 years then switching to an aiwb holster and separate aiwb magazine carrier .
i would basically go in release order dear wormwood follows the through the deep dark valley speaker so it should be chronological .
also boreas/zephyrus and eurus/notos are thematically grouped so they should be together
i really like that big lips.. wish i could eat you out any day rest of my life
also some bs nursing care plans/feel good jumbo jumbo but there 's science too .
as a travel nurses you can make 2-6k 6k at the highest end during peek covid a week .
48 hours ... and you 'll work your ass off every second of it .
but it 's helping me travel save up etc the money is good no doubt .
but i 'd like to transition to something less stressful .
the moment in superior spider-man where goblin realizes peter is back in his body and the moments leading up to it like otto 's sacrifice .
this is an impressive writeup you managed to actively convey the scope of and reasons behind your disgust while not actively channeling that disgust into your actual writing .
to reduce the amount of clutter and repetitive posts ask yourself did i do any of the following ?
checked the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/mext/wiki for any answers for the questions that you may have .
used the search function to find the answer first ?
if you have done the above and did not find your answer is your post severely generic like
do i need to staple my photo to the application or can i paste it ?
then do n't make a new post take it to the weekly questions thread .
a mod will lock/delete this post if it is generic or redundant .
do not use modmail to ask for mext advice nor solicit help via pm to anyone who is a member here especially if their flare states they are a current scholar on the program .
ps ask for or requesting personal information or contact through whatsapp is not allowed and you will be banned if you ask for it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mext if you have any questions or concerns .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
was in entebbe after visiting the wild life conservation sanctuary went to 4 points bar and restaurant !
do n't be a pussy you only did it once .
either way nobody here is gon na care or chose for you
i do n't understand this hate people have for suburbs it 's usually a very pleasant and peaceful life especially in older developments which have lots of old growth .
sure you need to drive to the grocery store but it is much more convenient than lugging 10 grocery bags back home .
as someone who lives in the suburbs and goes to school in a big city suburbs make me feel safer and are much more pleasant to walk in at least in my opinion .
i 've been playing since the update and have not had any issues
looks like they 're about to drop a sick hip-hop apbum
around 16 million animals were put into service on all sides during world war i including one million horses and mules used by britain .
these animals faced terrible conditions transporting ammunition messages food rations and supplies .
they hauled guns and pulled ambulances while cavalry horses often led the charge on battlegrounds .
nine million horses donkeys and other animals were killed .
this user has verified themselves with the mod team https www.reddit.com/r/milf/wiki/verification as evidenced by their 'verified ' flair and the 'verified milf ' flair on the link itself .
that means that this is a real live person posting their own body on the internet for our enjoyment .
all off-topic or unkind comments will be removed and subject to temporary or permanent ban .
see the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/milf/about/sidebar for the full sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/milf/about/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/milf if you have any questions or concerns .
if you delete your account nobody will be able to see who wrote those comments no ?
that would probably work just as well as deleting them .
has the fox footy logo always had the beer next to it ?
frag ruhig mal in anderen subs nach was die von r/germany und r/de halten dann wirst du ähnliches hören .
thank for your submission on r/thethiccness for all degrees of thiccness .
r/chubbygirlsgw a body positive sub for chubby girls and those that love them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thethiccness if you have any questions or concerns .
the story above all else grabbed me from the start .
had me so hungry for more answers pretty much up to the end .
joo mutta tällä hetkellä sopimus on edelleenkin voimassa niin ihan turhaan jengi vinkuu tästä aiheesta .
mielestäsi on siis ihan turha vinkua '' helposti korjattavissa olevasta asiasta kunnes se on jo korjattu ?
i was obese this time last year and now im pretty slim but it took loads of self-loathing and exercise to get here do not let yourself go
bruh i did n't even know the range had a map lmao
yeah that would be lit random chap who 's never pokémon in his life
laning is fun you just didnt learn part of it because you were playing support .
practice csing in practice tool for 10 minutes once or twice a day .
also i recommend mid for learning because top is very punishing if you do n't know what you are doing .
i had like a barrel shaped one as a kid .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
but i am sure bb will be easy for luffy unless he nullifies luffys df .
big mom might be able to hold her own against luffy but will eventually lose cause she 's not as durable as kaido .
even though her attacks are op she would get worn out while luffy always bounces back .
so you gon na say 9/11 when the majority of the people involved were from saudi arabia ?
moles ... p 😜 peel them after rubbing with alcohol 🍸
it is possible they 'll do another reprint at some point .
last time they redid it it went by spire of dawn so if you are looking for it second hand through that in to your search terms
oh and sometimes you can get the he noble on griffin for a decent price second hand since people do n't need a lot of those unlike say 3 sets of swordmasters to make a unit .
the model itself was lovely great detail while still being fairly simple a lot like the swordmasters great starter set piece .
if this is their first time then they will not win the cup .
yup it 's really a good move to the point na napagawa agad ng mga vids ang mga trolls like tp .
tatay kong walanghiya na bbm nagkukumahog na sa paliwanag at pambato .
the question is is it enough ba with a week left .
the gap is still wide but i do hope she catches up .
it says on the splash screen when you first que up .
that is true naman i ca n't recant you on that statement .
but next time stick to what is being discussed .
when all this happened i legit prayed to god to allow myself grace and the strength to not be petty and bitter .
may sound silly but i wanted to leave this the bigger person .
not to get caught up in their drama web .
she did this to his previous wife too but everyone said she was awful so i did n't realize .
maybe she was awful but i find it interesting both relationships lasted the same length of time .
like it could only hold together for so long .
i try not to look at the screen shots of texts but when it happened and i showed a few friends i was joking and saying i think she has me confused w someone else 🤣 like who
getting away from them is my prize they can say whatever they want and i 'm sure they still are .
i worry more about my dog liking me over those people nowadays .
almost every couple i know that showers together is into watersports .
i typically wear in not docs a size us 6 womens .
all of my docs are us 5 womens uk 3 and they fit me as i think they should !
he 's an old man who acts like a baby .
look how absolutely fucking shitty tesla self driving is after they intentionally released a shitty product on the road and had a huge advantage over all their competitors and it still fucking sucks .
do you really think he 's playing some 6d chess here ?
most likely he just got angry at the trolls and wants 'revenge '
i 'm blocking you because you seem utterly unable to read before responding .
the amount of complaints in this sub makes me think i 'm playing a different game version .
i had absolute 0 issues with desync trades hackers server in the past month or even more .
usually playing on 5.5 stars lobby which makes me think that people are just bad at the game and coming to this sub to be salty about it
benzo high is a clean alcohol-like intoxication which enables time travel and teleportation to a jail cell usually .
occasionally your language centers get hijacked if the benzodiazepine is having a bad day enabling you to only communicate through the ancient book of xanguage .
issues arise from high doses and/or extended periods of use .
as it turns out having a button to remove anxiety and chronic anxiety do n't mix well .
these are known scammers who will steal your money .
search your trading partner on the universal scammer list usl https universalscammerlist.com/search.php ? username .
do not include the u part of their username when searching .
only trade with someone that leaves a comment on your post .
visually confirm they left a comment on your post by clicking on your post and scrolling down .
this is because even though previously banned scammers ca n't comment on posts in r/giftcardexchange they use tricks to make their direct messages look like post comments in your inbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/giftcardexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
seeing raja lip sync immediately made me think that ru will not be saying raja you 're a winner baby '' this season .
most of the wrs taken were pretty high reaches and were n't even available at 21 or 29
maybe gently suggest to her that her bf might not love that she seems so pleased about other guys wanting her and maybe she should have a think about why it means so much to her when she already has the undivided attention of her bf
has he been overtaken by ratima or have the chiefs got two future ab 9 's ?
al can be only extended to lc in my opinion
hi hope i 'm not too late to the party .
for softer seat cushion which sc chair i should consider ?
a libraries goal is to cater to their target demographics ' wants and needs .
offering popular books is a huge part of that for local libraries .
most people do n't have the money and space to buy and store books they 'll likely only read once so the library is a means of saving money for them .
it can be good for the environment as well because those popular library books circulate until they almost fall apart .
places were books are preserved and only taken out when needed often never even leaving the room they 're kept in temperature and humidity control are very important for preservation .
those are many of those out there often attached to large libraries or research institutions .
if you need access it 's usually not terribly difficult to arrange .
besides checking your grounds you should also check your starter relay .
unplug the small wire on your starter solenoid then run through your normal start up run/stop switch start switch you should hear your relay click over its basically an electric switch for redirecting large amounts of current .
you first need to id your relay and it 'll be where your fuses are and look like a square box 0.75 '' x0.75 '' approx .
if your relay is clicking better get a good multimeter your gon na needa start tracing continuity .
after looking at this i can safly say you can build anything on her and it somehow works ... .
i used to like sitting in that chair but he likes it more
danish history education is focused very much on denmark at least during the mandatory primary education age 6-16 .
there are some touching on the pre-historic communities in what is now denmark and some of the major things in european history like the age of exploration but most of danish history classes focus is on denmark .
the big subjects are pre-history the reformation the swedish wars the end of absolutism and introduction of liberal rule the urbanisation and industrialisation and finally the occupation and the cold war .
everything is as much as possible always linked back to denmark .
there may be some divergence from denmark that is true but nothing that is often touched upon in depth .
foreign history only really starts to become more of a matter in secondary education and only really on stx and hf-educations .
that wo n't be fixed by anything that comes after
oui c'est un peu vrai mais bon c'est bon ... tous les jours sur ce groupe les gens pleurent ... franchement on est dans un des meilleurs pays au monde donc si les gens ne sont pas contents mais qu'ils se cassent franchement .
i ca n't think of a better way to unwind .
average height but i 'm still bigger than most just cuz of my weight .
plus i get a kick out of holding y'all afterwards
verify your account in discord by clicking ✅ in verify section
do n't forgot to send your eth address in 🎁random-drop discord channel where nft will be transfered
note you should only send the eth address which is connected to opensea do n't send your exchange wallet address .
incase of problem with verify plz send a dm to https twitter.com/winter\_train
careful you could puncture the hull of an empire-class fire nation battle ship leaving thousands to die at sea .
wallhacks specifically can be tricky if your game like rainbow six siege lets other players give you info via gadgets on the position of another player or by simply listening to the noise the other player makes moving reloading placing a gadget etc it all makes noise and is carried somewhat realistically through the level which allows a good player to murder someone through a wall
considering the elephants not going to let a predator gingerly land on its head and pick up food to go .
for me it 's more unlocked camera or not they left tower to try and farm when the three of them were clearly sticking around in both views .
i know trust in a marriage is everything ... with that being said i would try to monitor the situation more closely watch my wife 's expression etc .
does she seem mad or stressed when her tone is loud ?
does she speak like that to her latin family ?
if the answer is n't no no yes '' id honestly consider recording her and then either use internet or a trusted friend to understand what she 's saying and if it 's normal .
splatoon 2 online is pretty damn reliable and some of the fastest matchmaking of any online game .
if page was sincere he 'd apologise to pratt for slandering him .
in the past mainly but one of his recent videos of him training he mentioned his hands were hurting so he had to be careful with his weight lifting
what i saw in that account was more rapey than enything like what you described .
well i 'd be more than happy to be in your company after all what 's better than enjoying your evening with the most beautiful girl in the room by your side ?
i understand you i 'm a girl but i feels the same dressing up feels wrong ... that 's the worst theme i think bc we are our own trigger ... but i 'm trying to sit with it it 's hard but i know it 's just my brain and not me soo you know i 'm trying to act like everything is normal but that 's not easy at all ...
remember it 's ur brain tomorrow you can obsess about being a frog ur brain will make you believe you are so yes good luck anyway and try to sit with ur feelings even if it 's really really hard
a lot of iron should n't be an issue .
if you 're worried plants can help with this both fully aquatic and ones that only have their roots in the tank .
otherwise an expensive but reliable alternative is a reverse osmosis system .
the water comes out a clean slate for you to remineralize and adjust as needed .
and the next day amber was dressed exactly like her .
he says hey i need to cum '' and that 's your cue to leave him so he can potentially watch porn while he jerks off .
since everyone seems to be aggreeing with some form of porn addiction just letting it be or the need for therapy i 'll just add some other option since some context is missing .
do you actively try to make him cum when you have sex ?
have you already asked him if there 's anything you could be doing while you 're having sex to help him cum ?
did he ever tell you he prefers to cum alone while watching porn ?
it sounds possible to me that he 's not getting something from you and needs to do it on his own with porn .
i hate the spanish monarchy as a whole but i surely prefer the progressive values of letizia to her mother values .
you are already doing great by avoiding drugs and making healthy life decisions !
i know all of these symptoms are extremely unpleasant and unnerving but everyone here has experienced what you are going through .
i 'm still dealing with headaches tinnitus and vivid dreams at 15 months but overall things have improved greatly .
i wrote up my understanding of how paws works https www.reddit.com/r/weedpaws/comments/tfv01n/help_please/i0yteqt ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf context=3 and it might help with your health anxiety .
keep making healthy life choices give your body time to heal and remember that you are not alone !
if i were you i would go to the vet .
imo after watching season 4 shiratorizawa was a really weak team completely relied on ushijima‘s talent and power .
still it‘s been a long time without watching haikyuu so i only remember a few players .
your submission was removed automatically because it looks like you 're posting without a correct title .
artist name song title genre year director and additional notes
everything in bold is required the rest is optional .
check your post now does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre using square brackets ?
please include the year and director information if available and put any additional comments at the end of your submission title .
the buggles video killed the radio star new.wave synthpop 1979 directed by russell mulcahy first video ever shown on mtv !
a ap rocky pmw all i really need feat .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/musicvideos if you have any questions or concerns .
dumpster diving is a whole subculture here in the us .
can someone correct me but do n't they use blue chip stocks as collateral ?
would n't penny stocks be the bad choice to even accept as collateral since they 're so volatile ?
do n't know if this would result in them selling their long positions in penny stock to pump actual collateral in faang stocks or are they going to prop up penny stocks to 5 so they do n't get margin called .
if any wrinkle brain can clarify this nuance for me .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtypenpals_germany if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't know what grade it starts specifically but i did n't have it till middle school which was 5th to 8th grade .
the political right in america has no problem completely making shit up to push their culture war agenda which basically boils down to making everything more racist homophobic or otherwise bigoted
me m18 was over at my gf 's f19 house .
anyways in the morning we had a fight over a kermit cult .
i told her that i wanted to join but she said no i should n't join any cult especially kermit 's cult because everyone knows he caused 9/11 .
turns out her mom f40 was listening to our conversation the whole time .
i apologized because she had to hear all of that .
she said it 's okay and that i should have all the freedom i want ... especially when it 's about kermit .
i hugged her as a thanks and she noticed my boner .
she thougth i got a boner because of her lingerie but no i got a boner because i was thinking of kermit .
i could n't tell her i got a boner because of kermit cause that would seem weird .
anyways she took this as a greenlight and started kissing me .
one thing led to the other and i cummed inside her .
and now a month later she tells me that she missed her period .
she took a pregnancy test and it was positive .
we 're getting an abortion as i 'm writing this .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
my rich relatives died and i still could n't afford a house .
your story and mine are similar enough that i am incredibly interested in looking into this as an option for me .
thank you for taking the time to tell your tale and bring attention .
this is the first time i 'm hearing about an autoimmune diet let alone one working so well .
the xbox one version is the same price and does n't have the next gen features .
the series x/s version is more than double the stadia sale price .
i dont get how you can complain about a game being on a huge discount .
yes the season ends in a couple of months but the new game does n't arrive until october .
the overtime victory conditions should be explicitly communicated as overtime is started
not only that but the rules are n't even consistent .
the winning team can win outright if there 's nobody on the opposite team inside the crystal area when the overtime starts .
this is different from the 3 seconds '' required normally .
now this might be because the crystal starts counting even before the overtime and so the rule is technically upheld but it should n't work like that as before overtime starts it 's not an important thing to do/know and can even be counterproductive .
it should at the very least take 3 seconds after overtime started to get the defeat so at least the overtime '' announcement would act as a warning to get your ass on the point .
or even better a 5-10 seconds countdown to overtime .
they 'll say 'we 'll keep a record of it and decide in the future whether they did something bad or not ' .
also how everyone knows your chronically suicidal and that 's normal for u so u have to just push thru
that is super racist and should be banned from ever talking again ever in b1
but i 've quoted the definition from which i derived the thesis on what truly it means .
it 's defined as ' the value to the consumer of an additional unit of some commodity . '
morals should not be dependant on how many people do it .
latest patch fixes a bunch of things on the new environment for custom tracks there used to be a lot of thing that people were unable to place tracks on
i swear to fucking god im the only one that sees kermit the frog
if i tried that first pose i 'd break a hip 🤣
you can google it ... and i have n't been dishonest about anything .
everything i 've said you can google as well .
i do n't know too much about emulation in general i always just assumed that as technology got more advanced the more trivial it would be to emulate newer generations .
like it would be just as difficult to emulate a seventh gen console with today 's tech as it was to emulate sixth gen consoles with tech from like 2014 .
i suppose that 's not the case and i 'm glad i know it now thanks !
gather as much evidence as possible and then blackmail !
mistweaver kyrain gets a pretty good bonus heal on their essence font when they use weapons of order and the bonus celestial is also nice with unity .
but necrolord ww pulls ahead for the 1 minute cd burst dps .
even without i really like ghost on melee junglers just to have an easier time sticking to other champions .
obviously stuff like hecarim olaf udyr but also shyv or darius .
i think second summonerspell in the jungle should be a little bit more diverse especially outside of pro play than it traditionally has been .
a lot of other junglers would benefit from ghost or possibly other stuff like ignite .
imo only champs like amumu diana lee are pretty much lock in to flash for the ... well ... flashy plays .
you have to play a bit diffenrently but if you get used to it and do not hesitate too long to use ghost you are pretty much as safe as if you had flash .
the fact that the state is kinda shaped like a plate .
me too i just found out i was just introduced into the depressed side of 90 's music
it 's a pretty smart way to get more menu interactions on the gamepad .
push and hold until the end of the hold time will reroll .
push and hold but release before the reroll confirmation completes and nothing happens .
yaar mera toh dimag hi kharab ho jaata hai inhe dekh k. i used to follow both him and austin mcbroom but if had to choose with a gun to my head i will pick ace family over taneja family any day .
scammers hai par bhai bacche to kam se kam theek hai unke at least on camera .
or mere hisaab se to ye family vlogging and using kids for content should be banned .
you should not put you child on a digital platform without their consent .
a fat cum pig like you is so much fun to breed 😈
would n't you want the league taco to pick a good player so you can fleece him for them later ?
if you do n't know how to tacovantage you might just be the taco .
we have no idea how long titans live or how long their eggs take to hatch .
otis 's went from the most to one of the least boring heroes in one beta
i think the reaction was the only appropriate one !
how dare this man come into your home and talk to you and your teenage daughter this way .
i do n't know how you did n't punch his face in
we can do our part in the west but the chinese and hindus will doom us all .
no but they would have been reducing the 4k value to around 2k rather than the friends 2k to 0 .
so op would n't have this dilema of practically only just breaking even on the car .
i understand the point you are making but imo the point is maybe op needed the 2k amount specifically for something .
they could eat half the perceived worth of the car initially when it did n't need any repairs but now it costs the same as they 're selling it for .
i had this same feeling about my ex one day out of the blue and decided to look at his social media but he had n't posted which was really odd for him .
i wanted to reach out but i had to remember that it was n't my job anymore and if it were so serious and he needed me then he would call .
i had to remind myself that he had best friends that he spoke to all the time his mom his family his journal etc .
i felt guilty but i know deep down i just needed an excuse to fix his problems so that i could ignore mine .
i do n't think it 's a good idea for you to reach out .
just unblock him or something if it 'll ease your worry but fixing someone else 's problems does n't always help .
i did it all the time with my ex and it just left me emotionally exhausted and stressed
not only camping is legal but there are also so many beautiful remote places to visit that you can walk for days in the highlands without meeting anyone but sheeps .
and do n't even get me started about the whisky
he goes through literal hell over the course of the show .
watch moon knight at 12 30 and book a showing for multiverse of madness that evening
tweeti ilkercanikligil atmış ve yamulmuyorsam linki de bu https twitter.com/ilkercanikligil/status/1520074583180726275
yeah at least in real life you can make a funny voice and that usually gets the intention across .
i find italics work well but idk if reddit can do that .
tasted like the real deal but was made of soy ice cream .
calling u/vredditdownloader and u/stabbot and u/gif_slowing_bot so that we do n't have to see that spam in the comments .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/watchthingsfly if you have any questions or concerns .
i think the klay comparisons are kind of a reach .
no disrespect intended to bane but i only see the shades of klay on him in terms of shooting streakiness .
bane looks really more of an eric gordon who is a bit taller much healthier and has an all-star potential .
with that stuffed body stiffness explosiveness defense and shooting form he 's really an eg 2.0 in my eyes
i did this when i still was in the btc sub and did n't realize it at first .
i honestly did n't like to go in other subs with all their buzzwords and dreams .
they ca n't wait to not spent it anywhere because they are forced locked up at home .
i did i went for 9.5/42.5 and it fits perfect
i 'm still big in harmony but i 'm just confused about all the dao 's i only know a few of them the rest nothing .
they have a cat food that contains an oatmeal protein that coats the dander they produce reducing the allergens .
use this time to play offline and learn the maps .
i 'm being facetious i know what it is in theory lol .
we have 2 parties that are both pro capitalism and exploitation .
neither answer to the people only to their rich donors and corporate special interests .
the democratic party is the more center leaning of these 2 right wing parties but any interest they express in helping the poor or marginalized people of our country is only lip service to get votes .
however if any attempt to create an actual left wing party is actually successful it will only succeed in siphoning votes from the lesser of the 2 evils leaving the republican party with a completely unchecked super majority .
the answers to our problems do not lie within the framework of this rigged system .
i used to work with luke patten he 's a great bloke and we went out for lunch once and we both ordered a spinach and feta omelette .
and once at subway parramatta chris sandow ate at the table next to me and he left a few gold coins on the table as a tip because his training shorts did n't have pockets
you do n't have any posts to upvote but i upvoted your comment 🙌
i do n't think people dislike the record simply because it sounds different i think people just thought many of the songs on the album are weak .
infinite content/infinite_content for example sonically sounds like it could fit on the suburbs it 's just imo an annoyingly repetitive song that 's built around a terrible pun .
glad there are many who love the record win included i just find it frustrating when people say that those who do n't like the album only do n't like it because it sounds different .
i am not a lawyer i am not your lawyer triple check everything below not legal advice .
i hope i got here on time and this is helpful to someone .
if the ticket is filed in your name give the paper to someone you do n't know and ask them is then me or not '' .
if they say i ca n't tell or no beyond a reasonable doubt remember this is a high bar ! !
then do not go in person request for a tbwd and you ca n't lie so i would argue that the evidence provided would not prove beyond a reasonable doubt you are the correct defendant and stand by your plead of not guilty .
if it factually is not you instead of a tbwd send a different letter labeled or described to the court request for dismissal based on the incorrect defendant .
then put a picture of a scanned copy of your driver 's license below it also attach a clear copy of the citation and its images for the judge to compare and your sworn statement and sign .
the court will more than likely rule on the motion and dismiss it and you 'll bypass the whole tbrwd sending the court money etc etc .
the reason why is because if the judge does not dismiss it your gon na go in clog the system and the judge is going to be forced to dismiss it anyway because they ca n't require you to testify in your own criminal matter he/she knows then at that point they are dice rolling on whether or not they think the random on the other side is just going to plead guilty the fact they get the letter with a straight forward legal point encourages the judge to toss the case out so he can grind through the other 50 he has left in the next hour .
if they deny the motion because of some technicality then follow the normal tbwd procedures .
you want to ensure you have time to send/recv a response for your motion to dismiss before your miss a deadline to file the tbwd .
also motions to dismiss are prearrangement motions so filing one before entering your plea i believe is perfectly fine .
someone correct me if i 'm wrong on this .
respectfully to tonberry i believe this advice is completely contrary to the individual 's rights .
this is a real constitution issue if the judge starts using criminal leverage on a defendant to encourage them to forfeit their constitutional rights and even the most basic right to remain silent and in any case even if it 's not which it for sure is you 're sending these by mail the judge wo n't get a chance to ask you anything anyways .
the effect of the motion to dismiss is similar to a summary judgement as the judge knows the state will not likely be able to materially dispute the evidence of the scanned license if it 's obvious your license picture and the picture on the citation clearly do n't match they then have the incentive to just get you out of the way .
california is the largest state in the union in terms of population has the largest national guard is the largest ag state despite being way behind in 5th place in terms of ag subsidies .
and despite the huge coastline does n't even make the top 10 for flood insurance claims .
no no no i have the solution for abortions .
op should write a resignation letter that looks almost identical to this shit just to give them a hint at how bad they are .
and do n't forget to add stupid titles after your last name .
i tried to become the most strongest in the world by taking down an adeptus but got thwarted by her daughter disciples instead and am now training while eating flowers to gain unlimited power . ''
not sure what planet you 're on where you think gamers are n't having sex .
the thing is something that works for me might not work for you .
depending on your position on the bike and your bike the feel of you on your saddle differentiates a lot from my feel of the same saddle
such a beautiful composition embodies the beautiful essence of a wonderful phenomenon we call boobas .
throwing rocks at shit stuck in trees is more fun than playing with the original shit
of listings 53 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=author 3a 22ababylicious 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on feature=legacy_search no .
of reviews 0 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=flair 3areview 20 28title 3a 22ababylicious 22 20or 20title 3a 22ababylicious 22 29 sort=new restrict_sr=on
do you have any envoys improving relations or trade agreements etc ?
check their friendliness rating towards you and it may be some setting that if it gets high enough they automatically try to integrate themselves .
i ca n't be sure as i 've never had this occur .
is there any active crisis that you are aware of ?
like nanite swarms from l-gate activation or marauder horde etc ?
i have a black fox that comes to my workplace everynight
i did that 's why i am now 100 sure that i am 0 gay and 100 straight .
i 'm sorry he did that to you but why would you even say something like that in the first place ?
if what you 're taking from the sermon on the mount is that our identities are inextricably shackled to our worst mistakes then i ca n't help you because my take away from the new testament and the life of jesus is that redemption and forgiveness is available to everyone .
how would you like to see this happening in front of you ?
customer service did n't even care who are you person ?
nothing to do with the proliferation of guns then ?
not a single death by shooting in london this year .
how is gambling not in the top few on this list ?
would n't it still be a multiplicative increase regardless of the wording ?
it felt more like a season finale than a series finale .
atleast with a show like breaking bad they closed up most of the plot and gave it an actual ending and if there 's still unanswered questions then they get answered with a spin off
with ozark now i wan na know what happens next .
those things work hard all day whereas bethany does not .
if you 're a libertarian why do n't you live in the woods ?
but i have n't even said the only cure yet ''
so you 'd use it once then trash it ?
they can always reshoot the scene if thats not the case
oh i know i just ment i would suffocate under all that cake
it would be cool if it did n't look like that .
you should follow-up here and let us know what you thought of the ballpark .
i did think that initially but i think it 's more likely they 're doing a matrix scan on the buttons .
if you look at the pcb underside you can see 6 diodes packages each with 2 diodes .
there are 12 buttons so one diode for each button .
i 'd guess that the transistors and resistors are for driving the leds .
well popeyes on montgomery is doing bad it 's ridiculous i waiting 40 minutes for a spicy chicken .
it is a reference ronald reagan made to a bible quote from the book of matthew .
you are once again out of your depth i do n't know why you even try .
just give up my friend you will feel better about it tomorrow .
i am getting help but i guess i dont see the harm in this as long he doesnt physically cause damage other than a bruise or something
i originally thought due diligence was done to determine that the scanner was just delphi .
but as people who know the area have commented that was not the case ?
which is fine except the pushback from op—that the life flight reference is for delphi—is strong so i remain confused .
it 's based on centralia pa. town has had a coal mine fire burning underground for over 50 years .
kinda creepy walking around it especially on a chilly day .
i thought the hall of the mountain king '' was peak line rider clearly i was wrong .
that nobody is immune to suffering with mental health issues .
even people who seemingly have a stable or better life can still suffer with any kind of mental illness and having stability is n't and should n't be seen as an immediate reason not to suffer .
got ta start renting the big storage units now so that when they start becoming rental units for people to live in you 'll have mansions '' to sublet .
im am using mobile how can i check your other posts
i was n't feeling holo house till the last two chapters .
just well done all around and a fantastic cast .
you realize that someone can have fucked up opinions without necessarily being influenced by the west .
i 'm all up for equality but that ai n't it .
it 's not about one gender being expected to be submissive to the other unless both spouses prefer that for their marriage .
i still think it 's the hardest part of the tier
what is the family income after tax in this case ?
punish him when you say you will and the way you say you 'll do it .
it may take some time but he 'll start to realize that the reason your ex and his wife seem 'cool ' is because they do n't really care about him .
meadowood and campton place both have been closed for a couple years..
u think i could sponsor people for advertising sex with me🧐
itll only feel like you have more to lose the longer it goes on .
hype yourself up send the text make the phone call call out their name in the hallway .
if they dont like you now they likely wont magically like you later .
and shit bro half the time making your feelings clear can help em realize their own if they exist subconsciously .
you either get the date or you get it over with and cement this as a friendship .
i think the way we will be using lbs will be a lot more modern
hexicans as you adolescent cult members like to call yourselves use much the same language as the crazy conspiracy theorists that are prevalent now and have the same smug sense that you are ahead of the pack .
yeah i 'll give you that it 's what nintendo did with mario .
but even with 3d all stars being as expensive as it was at least the games on offer were ... modernish ?
this is like if they packaged super mario 1 2 3 and world and sold that for 40 .
that 's a lot for games that old even if they 're good .
it will expected to go down further due to weak demand .
i mean i got dragon but i ca n't really trade that for venom
assuming the mother knocks the calf around to get it moving asap as there are most likely hungry predators around ?
the jury has n't even done anything but sit and listen .
hahaha thanks my dood welp currently i 'm in a relationship with a beautiful sabahan girl soo i 'm good haha .
a list of suicide prevention hotlines in case you need to talk to someone https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_suicide_crisis_lines
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sad if you have any questions or concerns .
why do her paws look like they 're being controlled by a muppeteer
i 've been on this same mission for a long time and so far what i found is oh mamas has the best
max 's used to have pretty good shawarma too but i have n't been in a few years and heard they shut down .
in wheaton there 's a kosher spot holy chow that has shawarma it was ok nothing extraordinary at all imho .
what sets oh mamas apart is that they have laffa
everyone else sells the shawarma in pita and no one sells or even knows what laffa is .
ich mag es gerne figurbetont und trage fast ausschließlich hemdblusen von more more .
die arme und oberweite passen gut rein und die blusen sind aus leichtem stretch und super angenehm zu tragen .
ich hab die mit langen und kurzen ärmeln und in allen farben .
i 'd be quite happy if yhe price drops 50 once i 've been paid after that it can rally all it wants .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/juicyasians if you have any questions or concerns .
white yellow 3 green 3 brown 3 and then black
remember folks if she eats french fries with a knife and fork she probably wo n't do that thing you like .
i have n't paid a single gem for any perks champ .
who have you been sending gems to for perks ?
the graphic of that video serves what purpose in asking that question ?
i do n't think he said he wouldn't but there 's talk amongst the gop about whether or not they want him for 2024 .
many of these aggressive gym hoarders are also multi-accounters so they do not need other players to help '' them get coins .
they will just use their other coloured accounts to knock their mons out .
sadly your advice to leave them '' also happens to be the only course of action that one can take when facing such people .
it sounds unjust to let them own '' the gym and earn 50 coins a day but really there is nothing much a legit player can do save for reporting to support ... and we all know what happens when we report to support spoiler alert nothing happens .
ugh being someone with a theatre degree it feels so good to be back at a live theatre show like when i was in school all my shows were online with limited people in the theatre and those only being people in the department being around people is so good
r/onlyfansbusty is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansbusty if you have any questions or concerns .
this kid is gon na be a problem ... if we use him as an inside/out hybrid the possibilities are endless .
feels like he could play outside in the 2 down packages in a pinch or put his hand down last minute like keisel used to do .
scary potential and look back on the mocks he had fringe 1st buzz .
i 'll temper expectations of course but the spin move is there and a decent rip through move according to youtube
like your link does n't even disprove my point you 're fucking retarded
it was the one of him laughing his ass off
delete this post if you really think its trashy to share pics of random strangers .
nope i only contacted based off of facebook posts .
she 's in the group under a pseudonym but i did some sleuthing and found her real name and location and went off of that .
really good grades always takes out my kneecaps when it pans to the report card that 's just totally average .
might have to restart the computer and see again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/busty_girls if you have any questions or concerns .
like when jack said he would show his asshole lol very unpredictable
bruh if they tried this shit in chicago i 'm pretty sure it 'd turn into a mass casualty event
how is it vertical if you 're pushing him with one of your hands ?
lol yeah it 's certainly not the best wiiu title .
but i 'm glad you 're getting a chance to play it .
when max brought up how dumb that was people tried to say he did n't understand what she was saying .
the guy you replied to initially also tried to explain this .
i was just looking at the harrison hills section this evening .
i hate this card it should start counting once deployed not while still sitting in your deck or hand i can tell how many times do i early win and this thing gets put down and they win a game for just stalling a won game
not sure if this considered as oc or not however alter ego fujimaru ritsuka .
he came from timeline which he failed to save the world during temple of time conquest .
he lost mashu chaldea as well his own life during that time well then somehow reach alaya .
alaya turn him into counter guardian in alter ego class .
due of his strong connection with chaldea and every servants he have bonded with gain his ability to use any servants ability as his own .
he could use 3 different heroic spirit ability at same time thank to his np lord chaldea an alternate np from lord camelot .
using his connection '' of the throne he could summon heroic spirits in the form of energy which accumulated in his shield before unleashing a big beam .
this servant created using reference from gameplay itself like the 3 front servant we use during quest and how we summon every servants using lord camelot as well bond 5 is legit the level you need just to be recognize by any servant as master .
after he turn into counter guardian he was sent to fuyuki again to deal with it .
there are version where he met his alternate self and mashu from other timeline or just alone .
i know a lot of women who take pregnancy tests before a night out or something like that .
it is all just to make sure that if something is there they do n't do harm cause they are active in other parts of their lives .
does n't make them a drunk and in fact is 100 normal for women to do .
the edit was n't added until after i posted !
i 'm from australia but lived near a tourist spot in tokyo and am of asian decent .
whenever i get stopped for directions and asked if i speak english i always start with you have chosen.. wisely ''
itchy scratchy land where nothing can possib-lie go wrong ... ..possibly go wrong .
heh that 's the first thing that 's ... ever gone wrong .
industry threads have relaxed professional verification requirements https an.reddit.com/r/dogtraining/comments/rtjrtd/new_post_flair_industry .
this means we do not remove comments claiming to be a trainer even if the user has provided no proof whatsoever that their statement is true .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dogtraining if you have any questions or concerns .
i have similar flare ups i switched to protonix and it seems to work a lot better for me than omeprezole .
this may sound counterproductive but when my flare ups cause me to have an inflammed stomach i tend to avoid eating much ... which always makes it worse .
something about your stomach is more acidic when you do n't eat .
my best suggestion is eating small nourishing snacks periodically throughout the day i do a lot of oatmeal/watermelon/salads about every 4 hours .
mines the worst in the morning i think it 's called risers reflex .
you sound more like you are trying to convince yourself .
dude same i was laughing so hard i cried .
you have to close out the post and try again
this is mainly teaching a vocabulary word than stating the obvious
that means we should allow women in the infantry . '
there 's not gon na be any more or less than there are now if it 's legal
more importantly in 2-3 years will we be saying this is a good pick ?
i agree it was 100 better this time and got exactly what i wanted !
you took care of your grandpa is his time of need .
you put that good karma into the world and you were rewarded tenfold !
i disagree with the assumption that he was personally dis attached from the cause .
he obviously had better opportunities back home and i 'll bet the pay was trash .
i think it 's more likely he wanted to fight russians .
i think it was a bad and selfish decision though so do n't attack me on that point .
nobody has the right to violate the property of another civilian .
and all just so can suck more dick ... .
then please address my points instead of linking to songs on youtube and talking about other peoples actions .
i do appreciate the time you took to answer .
now the whole world is going to know you died scratching my balls !
trump had a bill that made insulin completely covered for anyone making up to 350 the federal poverty line .
biden rescinded it saying it would create administrative work to track what 350 is .
then this bill is passed and no republicans voted for it even though it 's spiritually similar .
i am utterly and completely disgusted by our two partisan government .
i dunno if it 's bots creating negativity and throwing fuel on the fire or if people are actually disheartened by the action this morning .
i 've watched this stock closely since the first run up and there has n't been a single positive announcement where the stock did n't dip lol .
the more this dips the more you can buy before the split .
only real contenders are billy and richie especially cus richie was like a ninja when it came to wez being killed .
no the westminster gov would very much like to melt away and absorb the other countries .
the people insisting on countries are often not pro-british at all .
wales is a country because it was invaded had language suppression and so on and has a growing independence movement .
they never fully absorbed us and you are doing the uk gov a favour when you deny our efforts to remain a country .
been onetricking jr for over a year xd so i play a variety even in soloq but in competetive or when i actually wan na tryhard in solo jr is my way to go
thankfully i still have about 3/4 of a bottle left .
i had platinum at one point too i probably have it somewhere .
i am absolutely not exaggerating with how much positive reaction i had from women partners girlfriends or hookups .
like they would shove their noses into my neck to get deep whiffs .
i ca n't imagine why it would be discontinued .
i believe the pic is from the netflix series bridgerton .
pfft now i 'm picturing someone innocently trying to make a cute lil fish and then me just ... massacring it lol
but to be fair it was flame shaped at first 🤣
i was always hoping for an album that could surround songs like fortune faded and save the population i mean that post btw energy that kind of went away with the new sa energy and unlimited love to me is exactly that it has that post btw vibe and i love it so much i mean here ever after and watchu thinkin ... holy shit so fresh and dirty dd
i think we are seriously devolving back to the stone age
from what i understand conservatism was strong during the cold war and usually conservatives are very patriotic .
i 've played every season since summer 2015 and i 'm finally almost top level .
we have a couple digital nomads in our company and we noticed their productivity is higher when they are in a completely different time zone than the rest of the company with very little overlapping hours .
it forced our communication to be a lot more effective .
also we got into a habit of really trying to keep meetings zoom to only the people who needs to be there and a habit of excusing ourselves when we 're not needed anymore or letting people know when they are not needed anymore in a meeting so they can continue working .
it was awkward at the beginning because it feels weird in terms of politics and general social norms manners but once we all realised it makes us more effective it became natural .
it was n't an ipad but i always laugh at how when phil jumps in the pool on that hot day he throws his ipad to the side before he falls in haha
you do n't need to know arabic to understand structure and content .
even if the words are pretty the quran is a boring plodding book .
why is it bad in english when the illiad the upanishads the works of plato ecclesiastes are brilliant ?
the koran claims for itself that it is 'mubeen ' or 'clear ' but if you look at it you will notice that every fifth sentence or so simply does n't make sense .
many muslims—and orientalists—will tell you otherwise of course but the fact is that a fifth of the koranic text is just incomprehensible .
this is what has caused the traditional anxiety regarding translation .
if the koran is not comprehensible—if it ca n't even be understood in arabic—then it 's not translatable .
and since the koran claims repeatedly to be clear but obviously is not—as even speakers of arabic will tell you—there is a contradiction .
compared to my friends at comparable firms i have a good work/life balance and get good experience so it 's worth it .
i doubt i 'd get into a white shoe firm that starts at 215k anyway .
maybe i could be making a bit more but i 'd also hate my life .
the adex is entirely up to you and depends on your symptoms .
with your numbers i would need zero adex you may need some .
being levelminded enough that he was n't eager to kill a teen makes him worse ?
it only looked this way to melony because melony was being controlled remember ?
i have n't seen neil praise deezer though i could be wrong .
i 'd be wary of any service that he has n't praised as it may just wind up like spotify and what appears to be happening to tidal to neil .
you are covering the ears so i am sure it sounds funny in his head
the problem is that the business does not want to wait on the schedule because you can trigger it once per 30 minutes .
for example when the job finished at 08:31 they do n't want to wait till 09:00 before the refresh starts .
the b refers to the graphic cards board amd used to quote only the gpu die in their tdp numbers and things like polaris only measures die power draw .
the board number includes vram and gpu vrm losses etc too so it is more accurate for the whole graphics card .
nothing will happen to will smith after his fake forced public apology .
the very definition of privilege and such a privilege that transcends race sex gender etc .
i 'd love to say hello to your puffy nipples in person 🤤🤪🤤
there were likely ua aircraft captured at points during the initial invasion .
i do n't think it 'd be hard to spin anything when intel has been suggesting russia would eventually undertake a false flag operation as a pretext for chemical weapons usage .
mlp seems to have been chopped the fuck up by the large ukrainian flag
6 foot even and i have an inch or two above my head to the hardtop .
hard to heel toe bc my knee bangs the steering column but generally fine
i 've repped 225 on smith machine at planet fitness 4x i know smith 's are like 15-20 lbs lighter but that 's all i got lmao
in reality as long as you are n't using their camera for interior use all the hackers could do is view your cam ... .. if they want to see 100000 cars drive by a day go for it .
it 's interesting how people are really willing to tell me i 'm wrong but are n't willing to address any of why i said it 's overrated .
but you can make a ton of vhuman npcs ?
did you just say we need to deregulate software patents even more ?
i also do not use my android auto for the same reason you stated..sometimes i get this specific text that 's months old already come thru the car like it 's new .
happened 3 or 4 times in the 4 months i 've owned the car ...
you 're getting downvoted for acting so smug and just wrong lmao .
tobirama alive minato and especially 8th gate guy were all really strong
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
please note if you are trying to transcribe on reddit mobile you will not be able to copy/paste this footer .
please switch to your mobile browser and copy the footer to a note file on your device .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
ran into a guy using it with le monarque .
1 hit with it and the poison was killing me even with 6 resilience .
yeah this is going to get as annoying as shatterdive at this rate as more and more people start doing that .
if you give me a link then i can look at it .
it does n't matter.. youre giving small children a lecture on things that their mind isnt open to .
it 's one thing to introduce a child to their reproductive system but actually telling them that this is what is used to bring pleasure to themselves is horrible
while ordinarily i do n't support fat shaming in any form she basically backed you into a corner and forced you to tell her she 's too heavy to safely take on the role she was asking for .
cheerleading stunts can be extremely dangerous not just for the jumpers flyers but for those who have to catch them .
choosing the lighter girls for aerial stunts is n't about fat shaming .
that 's what you need to tell your principal .
you tried to be kind but she would n't accept the kind no so you had to be more direct .
kids get shot all the time and news has to sell which means it ca n't be the same story day after day .
donato 's like it or not is the nationally recognized face of columbus pizza .
even before i moved here if i ordered it very rarely had i ever been disappointed .
find me another joint in town that would even have the potential to go national like that .
i can say that for the most part it runs circles around the other national pizza chains .
in 2021 regular bathrooms were n't that bad after adding the urinals but in vip i 've always had to wait like 10-15 minutes for a bathroom after like 10:00 pm .
that in itself made the vip bathrooms not worth it for me .
it probably depends on the year but everyone i know personally who has done vip does n't do vip anymore because we only end up in vip areas for maybe an hour each night and when we did go later in the night all the seating was taken .
a better spot for resting is just the bleachers imo .
fast pace and more gore ... a step away from its original gameplay but it was a lot of fun to see a buff chris punching zombies lol
the only thing i 've seen people do with one of those is tap on something to make it vibrate .
like i 'd they 're making casts on a concrete form .
looks like a snake of any description in a circle biting it 's own tail .
when worn the wearer may use a bonus action to turn the arm wearing the bracelet into a giant snake for 10 minutes once per long rest .
you may use this arm to cast spells with a range of touch out to 15 feet or use one of the snakes special attacks using either str or dex with proficiency .
constricting strike range 5ft on a hit deal 1d10+str bludgeoning and the target is restrained if it is large or smaller and you may on subsequent turns replace one of your attacks to deal additional damage if the target is still restrained .
a creature restrained this way can use an action to make a str save 16 to escape .
bite range 15 ft 1d10+dex piercing damage and the target must succeed on a dc 15 con save or take and additional 1d8 poison damage and become poisoned .
elton john dua lipa and pnau cold heart pnau remix https open.spotify.com/track/6zspb8dqraw0m1dk8pbwqz
not sure what i 'd want to do more suck them or fuck them .
oh i probably see it now sometimes i see it too when i 'm moving something with effects above an image
there is no official language and basically the government has to give best effort to communicate in any language someone might speak .
di mo ba alam na by the sheer will of the mind kaya mong i-block yung df-21 at df-17 missiles ng kalaban ?
yun yung dahilan kaya in-eencourage ka ni bbm to be open-minded kasi by the combine power of the filipino people pag meron tayong unity kaya nating i-intercepe yung missile ng china s
first seen here https redd.it/tgndda on 2022-03-17 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' txky4h '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=txky4h samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
typically most humans have a wingpsan within 2 inches either way of their total height im 6'3 with a 6'7 wingspan but ignore that so if that was to be applied here mura 's wingspan could be 6'8-7'0 which either way is ridiculous but it 's stated his arms are long so his wingspan could easily be over 7 feet pixel measurements gives you the most realistic measurement but a 6'5 wingspan on a 6'10 guy would be pretty rare we can see his range of arm movement in the show to be inhuman ! blocking kiyoshi 's right of postponement ! so it 'd be safe to assume anyways his wingspan is at least his height
mainly with those perfect tits while looking at your pretty face
although they 're both 'fiction-first ' they 're distinctly different systems beyond that .
i would also say that fate is not 'an approach more than distinct rules ' fate is pretty rules-light but those rules are very distinct .
pbta has defined 'moves ' and a dice mechanic that emphasises success at a cost .
playbooks play an important role with some things in them defined via specific mechanics .
fate is a more abstract game designed to emulate the up and down beats of dramatic fiction .
there 's no defined 'moves ' and no 'playbooks ' .
there 's no specific mechanics for resolving specific situations rather there 's a toolbox of mechanics from which the table picks out the most appropriate one for the fiction .
meaning in pbta you might say 'this action is aways this move ' whereas in fate you would ask 'what mechanic fits this action in this situation ?
for example in dungeon world attacking someone would be the hack and slash move .
but in fate that same attack might be a standard contested roll an overcome roll part of a contest or part of a conflict depending on the fiction .
and the target you need to hit with your roll is going to vary a great deal .
fate points i believe are more radical than you describe not because pbta ca n't have 'points to add to my roll ' but because the 4df dice mechanic of fate gives very predictable results meaning fate points 2 to the roll have huge fictional power in the system .
a lot more than any n to a typical pbta roll .
summary extremely different games within the 'fiction first ' shared category .
there might be some highly modified versions of pbta that are closer to fate which i 'm unaware of .
you need it spelled out for you so here 's what the game is trying to teach you if something is too hard go somewhere else .
there is an entire-ass area in the game that is easier than margit and i 'm not even talking about limgrave .
take this lesson to heart because it 's what the devs are trying to tell you and it 's the single most important lesson on how to play this game .
3 chapters ago i might have said you were crazy if you were n't joking .
after luffy 's awakening i do n't think i can call any theory far fetched in fact raizo being a poneglyph is now headcannon for me .
it seems you have previously posted a submission within the past 4 hours so your post has been removed as per the post frequency rule .
please wait 4 hours before submitting a new post .
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fwickrfinder .
rape is n't illegal if you just change the law to make it legal
after reading your comments i think maybe i 've been too concerned with being gentle and not triggering her and it 's at my expense .
we have n't had sex yet once fooled around a little but we 've had conversations and i do n't like the space she keeps wanting to put me in i 'm not even sure where she got the idea from in the first place .
i think maybe moving forward if i do n't and i do n't want to let the relationship go we should have another conversation about this and go from there .
i 'd be more open to exploring if it was something we were doing together but it 's been very clear that she wants to do these specific things and i wo n't be giving the same opportunity .
told me she got her nails done and mentioned the obvious two short nails she got full stiletto acrylics .
maybe that speaks on her stance about things too lol ugh this sucks .
the leyndell one 's are not showing up for me i know 1 is part of boggart 's quest .
do i need to have done boggart 's quest for all 3 of them to show up ?
you can find a lot of really good and really fun music digging into cobain 's influences and favorite bands .
say what you may about him as a person he had an impeccable eclectic taste .
your orientation letter from your email should state it prepare to show the letter to those who ask
showed my girlfriend generation kill and she was dying laughing a good amount of the time .
he 's just a boy i 'm just a girl can i make it anymore obvious ... ''
weekly atm option premiums are sweet 3-4 and personally i am very bullish on the uranium sector especially with the energy crisis we got going on .
my other favorites are gdx gold miners and xle energy stocks
i have no idea but the company you 're hiring to do your pool would probably have some suggestions of who they would recommend because most people they do business with would need it done and it 's in their best interest to recommend someone good and reliable to get the lot grading permit done asap so they can install your pool and get your money
i would have genuinely tought you hate every human being on earth except yourself if it wasnt for that .
they spend millions on linux and get an exponential return .
chromium can be the linux of web browsers and it arguably already is .
maybe this would have been different if gecko was easier to embed .
i struggle with this with my girlfriend of almost 3 years and it has been taking its toll but i keep holding on to hope .
i am confused as to why people view sex as a chore and not important .
i am all about foreplay and sex is about connection to me it is not about an orgasm .
it is spiritual it is about emotion and everything else involved .
what is the point of a relationship without it ?
if i have to do it myself then there is no point just be friends or roommates who occasionally fool around .
i crave it and i need it without it my mind tares me apart .
when i am not in a relationship i do not even masterbate .
i do not crave anything so i do not see the issue .
i understand where you are coming from and i have dealt with it for a very long time and basically get bread crumbs so i do not leave .
it is unhealthy as fuck and i can not leave i can not get away .
if you can run before it is too late and you become way too invested and trauma bonded like i am .
não me sinto muito confortável em explicitar exatamente onde ficarei mas qualquer local perto do fórum aveiro seria porreiro .
i find it hilarious that you consider this somewhat important and worth a post .
no one cares if someone on the internet was n't nice and disagreed with your lore speculation .
i personally started to read the manga around dressrosa seeing the same flashback over and over again just got tedious .
you should atleast try the anime if you get tedious '' at any part you should switch to the manga
it 's meant to be a moral quandary icarus is n't specifically a villain cersai is n't specifically a hero .
do n't worry the huge invasive spiders will help kill the huge invasive worms
that really looks like a security camera from atm .
it is in brazil and these types of scams are fairly common .
the bad tour was actually my first concert ever .
one of thousands of 13 yr old girls just sure mj would see me know i was his biggest fan lol !
the russian military is so broke from theft that they went to ukraine with chinese knockoff ham radios that are not encrypted last week the ukrainians found an abandoned man-portable satellite communication relay system the russians left and lastly ... abandoned in a forest near kyiv the russian army 's most prized possession their electronic counter-warfare and battlefield network communications station literally a high tech cargo container and the most expensive loss yet .
those three things all together i have no doubt that the ukrainians used the russians open channels and called in a russian air strike against russian troops .
but i think rosalina 's palutena 's and ness ' haxes could probably get the win
did you go through his posts just to diss him lol
also definitely some solid tunes but the kill is definitely their best song no question .
the whole point id that you never relent long enough to let them .
recent communities post confirmed that per one of the necromunda books squat mercs sometimes by mining drills from the demiurg which strongly suggests they 're different but perhaps enough cultural similarity to be friends
i ran the game with a i5 4440,8gb ddr3 ram and a gtx 960 2gb you 're fine
y'know just a decade ago the preppers/survivalists/collapsers tended to be 'the communists are coming ! '
maybe its just the sources i 'm looking at now but it 's amazing how often the left has replaced the right over the past decade .
here we get a few people giving right-wing talking points but the entire sub also follows ones like r/latestagecapitalism .
your submission appears to break our rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and has therefore been removed .
please read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and the faq https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/faq in their entirety .
use this link to determine if your post was incorrectly removed https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/t0q .
users who do not follow the above instructions will not receive a response .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
at least they cast the right person for a shitty movie .
always got ta be the worst part of everything dontcha jared ?
studies have shown that a firearm in the house is 22 times more likely to be used against the family than in defense of it .
for every 1 use in warding off a criminal or invader there were recorded
people often claim they want to have a gun to protect themselves or their families .
the unfortunate reality is that it accomplishes the exact opposite dramatically increasing your risk of firearm-related injury or death .
it 's sad that people so frequently ignore a reality they do n't like .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/girlsgw if you have any questions or concerns .
having pictures of the other side and all pipes coming in and out of the tanks would definitely help .
what i said may be wrong and it may be an unusual set up but what i have explained is mostly likely for an all electric flat .
not to mention why are there karens in my dream ! ? !
took me a little to get my brain back into gear but i started with the english composition 101 '' to help me get back into it .
i read a quote that basically said it 's never too late in 4 years you can either be a 32 year old with a degree or just a 32 year old
it looks like she 's trying to give me that melon as a birthday card or something .
and in all honesty melony would probably do something silly like that .
if 1 means that much to you do n't do it even when i 'm paycheck to paycheck there is always someone worse off and in the big picture 1 was n't going to have me out on the street and a lot of the time those places match contributions .
if you can do it if you ca n't do n't not a big deal .
streamers shouldnt make more than the innocent people they victimize .
dash mihok is great as bunchy on ray donovan too !
a few scenes from him that left me on the verge of tears
this one might be just me but women that have no muscle on them is less attractive to muscly women was chatting to some and they mentioned how ugly muscles are .
if you put a tooth in a bowl of rice overnight it will turn into cola by the morning .
my band nightafternext just dropped our second single risk worth taking and we think it would fit your playlist nicely we 've attached a link below to listen .
if you like what you hear you can also check out our first single inside your head '' below as well !
putins retoric of nato danger well now he got what he feared .
where nato was actually more asleep over there in the baltic states etc you now see the huge nato bear become fully awake and he has extra friends wandering out of the cave with him .
please keep in mind that no involuntary content is allowed .
the fact that your wife sent you a nude or you snapped a pic of your fully dressed coworker does not mean that you have their consent to post .
it 's not allowed to post the same content to multiple subreddits .
this will be treated as spam and will get you banned from jtt especially if your profile content indicates that you do n't engage in discussion .
if you posted such content please remove the post immediately .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jizzedtothis if you have any questions or concerns .
oil made that kayak the thermal suit the plastic sign she is holding the water proof bag strapped to the back the straps likely any make-up she is wearing .
those who live in glass houses shouldnt throw stones .
i support the phasing out of oil but this shit is hypocritical attention grabbing
to be fair it 's also a tv reference to a netflix show from 2018-2021 as they made a lost in space series..
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/b_cups if you have any questions or concerns .
i can understand why it 's bad in some aspects but i am still curious why you think that
finishing 2nd and getting the 6th pick is a infinitely worse to me than finishing 4th and finishing 8th .
they clearly understand our secret that the true might of the nato war machine is powered by big gay and tanky tears on reddit !
we must not let them get away with this !
me to they are literally the same unit but with a different connector type .
do what you have to do but we need an update after the deal is done .
copy all your data to pc or usb disk .
i too got 12 and it was slow but after this it flies .
right but then that faded away now he 's back in the spotlight again and is probably making up for lost time
edit i 'm high and did n't read your comment correctly and made adjustment so mine makes sense
if you need more michelle gomez i highly recommend her role as madame rouge in the latest season of doom patrol .
man do i miss the widescreen replays i wish we have that option in gt7 manifesting this for pd to update on it
i had already explained it but you came with your own explanation still with hesitation to accept it was the wrong sub and i thought i 'd just repeat myself to make it clear and really drill it in
as easy as it is for me to believe something like this what you 're posting is no more than a screenshot of social media that does n't even include the name of the account posting it .
the video appears to also be no more than screenshots and memes .
if there 's something substantive to share or report that someone wants to put their name behind then that should certainly be shared .
he was great last week i think you mean the first 2 games .
in my opinion it will hit 100k for sure .
pretty sure it was op https www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/tucnuc/shred_is_love_shred_is_life ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf still funny though !
but we did it it was my post which directed to remake it in the centre and it atleast looks like a chakra now
just look at the demographic of uae and you will have the answer
how do you reconcile that from a jugian lense religion is more of an expression of psychological truths rather than theological truth ?
for example christ as the symbol of the self rather than the actual son of god .
or for you you can see them as both ?
no seluvis is the one in control of the puppets and pidia is a servant tasked with maintaining them for seluvis .
he says as much and it explains why he would have nepheli 's or dolores 's ashes on him when he dies .
it 's also the case that the puppets kill pidia after seluvis dies so seluvis 's death is the trigger for them turning on pidia .
if pidia was in control then it would n't make sense for them to turn at all .
those are true words but it 'll take a while to get there .
russia is n't done bullying and nothing has fundamentally changed in the us leadership since the last many us wars of aggression either .
by the time the post was written april fools day was pretty much over here .
visit some of our recommended subreddits r/jizzedtothiss r/pornhole r/nsfwhardfuck r/itsporn r/totalpackage r/tiktokporno r/camslut4u r/onlyfansgirlsgw r/milf101 r/hentaimama r/sexybutclothed r/webcamshows r/borntobefucked
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickthighs if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not a lion cub fetus pickle seed or slug egg .
it 's a specially human fetus which gives it the value of a human life .
there is chemical free incense charcoal from japan and i recently bought me some hookah coconut charcoal i cut it smaller using a saw as a alternative to selflighting coal and am quite ok with it .
it has a slight smell when lighting what takes longer of cause but i suspect it is pressed with a slight gum arabic content to grant better stability .
you ca n't demand a service then denigrate those who provide it .
a bighorn ram does n't impact me at all why did n't i think of that ?
quite unlike this guy 's wife 's pregnancy which would absolutely impact him .
part of the balancing is that his ult is mostly useless
im not saying footy is easy but the suns just butcher some of the simplest shit and it 's kinda baffling
blue but with a hazel ring on the inside of my iris .
r/onlyfans101brandnew is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101brandnew if you have any questions or concerns .
warning to prevent overcrowding of repetitive and similar content no more posts containing screenshots of conversations in dms shall now be allowed on the subreddit
he lost a duel at high noon to king michael as that country was n't big enough for the two of them .
yes there 's void and the flag groups as the main factions
that 's probably why it 's called blackbeard island !
mm no but you know what i wonder how it tastes like ?
wink wink exactly ... a fried fly i hear they taste like chicken
i 'm hopping in on this thread because i 'm in the same boat .
looking to break in to tech field and was advised to join this group .
did he do it to protect his district 's weed industry from competition or regulation ?
they told me at the smoke shop some bs about thc concentrations going way down if federal regulation entered the picture .
lol that 's a weird way of explaining cause of death
have you tried the washing machine on the rinse cycle ? ?
the most obvious explanation would be that they conducted their phase 3 trials in south africa .
i adored season 1 and i felt like this season began strong but i could feel the story wavering from around episode 3 .
eventually it felt like the characters were having the same discussions over and over then they began to clearly fill in dead time with the laughing scene between lady bridgerton and danbury then the random family dancing scene at the failed ball .
by the time anthony and kate got together i did n't care anymore .
i also felt the way edwina found out was really weird .
i do n't think any grown ass man would ever just blatantly stare at their bride 's sister at the wedding .
i also do n't see why they 'd have penelope go completely bare faced to do her whistledown printings like she really thought an irish accent disguised her ?
again i did n't care once eloise found out because it was such a weird way to do it .
also eloise being this pioneer of women 's rights to independence then falling for the first guy who gives her attention was either self aware or lazy writing ca n't figure out which .
if i was a bridgerton writer my plan would 've been something like
queen figures out early on who whistledown is but does not reveal it as she thinks penelope is not exciting enough to cause scandal .
penelope becomes preoccupied with trying to win '' the queen 's approval in this matter and eventually eloise figures her out because her writing becomes too obvious .
kate and anthony up until his panic attack was great it 's after that they seemed to run out of ideas .
so i would say have them kiss during the bee scene so the what do we do now '' storyline can take place as a result of that and they bond via relating to losing a father etc .
i would have edwina call off the engagement before the wedding .
the featherington 's are just uninteresting aside from penelope so i would either find a way to build their respect for penelope surely there 's something she could do that they 'd come to admire ?
or just slowly deplete their presence on the show because they 're quite cringeworthy for the most part .
or perhaps if penelope is finally revealed as whistledown her family is forced to consider her differently .
maybe allow her to pursue writing seriously eloise could fight for her right to do it .
have eloise sneak off to far more than just one women 's rights meeting .
have her make friends with boys there rather than falling for one immediately .
i would 've preferred eloise and penelope team up to write a magazine '' promoting women doing more for themselves .
but it looks like they 've gone to the frenemies plotline instead .
okay so i asked you a very straightforward question about mathematical probability and your response was to not only to build an argument whereby you off-handedly disregard me entirely personally based on a profile about me based on your assumptions that are just based on almost nothing .
you did everything short of calling me brainwashed when i gave you concrete details to back up what i was saying .
you did n't even want to reply to those .
i mean jesus christ telling people that the vaccines are fake and do n't work is n't an opinion .
telling people the vaccines are killing thousands of people is n't an opinion those are just straight up lies .
maybe they are feeling much more pain than us hopechads
tbh i 'd crucify anyone who says yes to this
immediately after you shave wash and dry off treat shaved areas with an after-shave care product .
they make them for women as well as for men .
pag pumasa ka na sa final interview ie-endorse at ie-endorse ka sa ibang accounts .
manghihinayang sila sa 'yo so yung recruiter will most of the time endorse you hanggang sa merong kang mapuntahang account .
proof that the russians have placed mines there please .
speaking of war crimes there is a video of ukrainian soldiers placing mines on the beach in odessa .
windows is a launcher for programs that i actually want or need to use .
anything that detracts from that and makes me spend time in windows is wasting my time .
they have done a great job marketing windows as some integral experience that is pleasurable and necessary but they forget that there is n't anything compelling to do in windows .
could have had any wall and chose to fuck up something nice .
r/onlyfans101 is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm sorry the comment is not translating properly so i can not figure out what is being said but if you are referring to you moving because of czech i understand that .
what i do n't appreciate is trying to destroy other existing pixel art in the process and then trying to vilify us when we organize and retaliate .
we are going to try and make a peace offering i believe soon though hopefully that helps .
no no she thinks she is very picky about taste
just have it be one of those silly cheat codes that older games had .
you come please because i deconnect in 10 minuts thank you
on espn and it 's bad so i think this is just the actual broadcast somehow being offsync ... bally continuing to kill it
that 's a very healthy and smart way to think of martial arts as self defense .
also in this case the dude was battered by multiple people which no martial art will ever give you an edge on .
just generate an array of random numbers and then index your dataframe with that array
early game just build a lil bit of vigor if your a newer player upgrade your weapons at the church of elleh
beat the side dungeons you fine find cool stuff before you know it margot wo n't be a challenge
this is literally how i took it as well !
i have been saying this for a long long time ... college applications are a reflection of the reality of life .
do you think jobs hire the person with the best gpa leetcode stats or gmat/gre/lsat/sat score ?
in fact purely stats wo n't even get you through the door .
yes you are paying them hundreds of thousands but when colleges send you that decision letter they are also making an investment in you .
when comparing a trust fund kid versus a low-income one statistically speaking one is much more likely to end up on the notable alumni list with his name on a new multimillion-dollar computer lab .
i said the same thing some time ago how it makes things boring and the writing gets stale .
i do n't get how this is n't a valid critique for some people .
show me more of those thighs and find out .
even if you do he 's not going to change ... been there done that ... he already told you he 's rather spend time with his friends than helping you and your son ... and next thing you know he 's with other women and getting busted with a hooker that 's an undercover cop ... and there 's never any money for you guys to have good times together bc he blows it on drugs and hookers
i keep trying to do the tartan at the left side but they 're all over it
yeah i 'm aware us obv started the whole system in nyc iirc .
but i 'm also moving for education so the plan was if i do n't get in a t20 kinda uni i wo n't come at all lmao .
uk was the second option cause they have london which is basically a ai hub with deepmind etc i 'm a cs gal but after seeing they do n't have informed consent/very shit healthcare for trans folk and since realising i 'm trans i 'm thinking australias the best option for me
ca n't wait to see how many times marty will change his mind this week 🥴
all natural upside ❤ shape firm but still has a little of bit cellulite .
whiterun for sure it always feels like home and it is good to be home and that is without even mentioning how beautiful the city is .
it is also where lydia is found skyrim 's greatest companion !
honestly unless u.s. starts using bots they wo n't even be able to keep maintaining their flag .
you can post things like this but to stop the mods being forced to watch videos can you expand on this ?
maybe adding something to start a conversation like your own opinions if it is your opinion in the video then transcribe it posting a random video is n't enough .
my son wants to be jessie from toy story 2 .
he 's gon na be the cutest jessie i 've ever seen !
im talking to my cis of age not related born a female alive consenting pelican right now about that who lives solo and does walk around in boxers and a tee at the minimum ?
even if i may slightly disagree i respect your opinion man .
i love toon link cause i find him more fun to play than the other links
seconding dungeons and daddies if you 're op is looking for something more story based and does n't mind some comedy mixed in .
daddies is the one dnd podcast i 've been invested in start to current .
the amiga version was rushed and because of that missed parts that were added on the c64 and other platforms port like more castle siege and battle options more random events and more unit types requiring better strategy .
this was discussed back in the day and most magazine reviews of the time considered and i agree the c64 version a better game .
all new yorkers have a deep seated hatred for the french
wrong lack of numpad makes it impossible to play some of my games well due to lack of buttons and lack of grid shape for button layouts .
if its easier you can just buy vinegar starter .
however most health food shops have organic vinegar with the mother .
ouch guess i should stop telling my neighbors about it lol .
yeah they 're really easy to miss since it 's site of grace specific instead of options that stay between sites
yeah and if artists can buy prints from marvel/dc is because marvel is ok with the selling of prints of course selling fanarts is a really deel grey zone .
i mean they can still keep the lore of the nids eating the squat homeworlds .
that one is the worst it felt so counterintuitive like i was playing a different game .
those f1 cars are insane it 's almost arcade like
but also you 're doing it wrong '' like ? ? ?
but it 's been a week from any contact after i modeled this according to agreement .
i model 1st then one pays to combat reddit ghosters/swindlers ...
because i can stand back and look at the situation and make a judgement based on what i can see with my eyes ?
hopefully the cops where you live are mostly reasonable people .
if that were to happen to me the cops would probably start ignoring my calls and accuse me of being the unreasonable one for wanting peace and quiet at 3 am .
i have some very thin clippers with an angled tip to get around the foxtails .
i do a quick trim before i bud wash and dry and then a close manicure .
i used to think mfw means mother fucker what ? ? ? ''
gt ahhh zombies68 only gon na be on about 45 minutes then will be out like 3 ish hours 😬
it is probably because your on windows seven it soes the same whit it
you make goonettes like me very happy and horny.. 🤤
something something iran before the americans came shows cars and titties in old photo ''
it 's an auto updated playlist dedicated to these latest first 25 with at least 3 upvotes posts in r/hardcore https www.reddit.com/r/hardcore/search ? q=title restrict_sr=1 t=week sort=top .
for more playlists dedicated to subreddits and general feedback please visit r/listige https www.reddit.com/r/listige .
opt-out of post comments https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=listige subject=no 20more 20comments message=now 20press 20the 20send 20button 20and 20patiently 20wait 20for 20the 20confirmation 20message
your post title did not use the proper formatting guidelines .
the proper formatting for posts for soundcloud tracks is genre artist title
please review our formatting guidelines in our stickied thread https redd.it/755tpb and our rules section https www.reddit.com/r/soundcloud/about/rules .
if you feel that this was done in error please message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/soundcloud subject=question about the removal of my submission message=i have a question about the removal of my submission link to submission https www.reddit.com/r/soundcloud/comments/tzo7fu/greenmamba_tugela_boogaloo_mix_electronic
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/soundcloud if you have any questions or concerns .
y t a for obvious reasons excuse me while i burn every flower outside because i 'm sick of hayfever and taking a pill for it s
i have winter guardian set how much can i get for it ?
edit has a tune from a streamer high end turbo and short gears to stay on boost
lol why would i want to pollute my feed with pictures of food that i see in magazines and internet ads everyday anyways .
this subs is what actually gets me hungry and gives me the inspiration to make food for myself when i 'm shitfaced at 3:00am and only have spam and pringles in the pantry .
direct chats are temporarily disabled for the whole reddit site
for more information and updates click here https www.reddit.com/r/help/comments/tyqj46/chat_issues ? utm_source=share utm_medium=web2x context=3
continue browsing and posting exchange usernames through private direct messages to apps such as discord or similar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chat if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's part of the problem too having alt accounts mean you usually do n't play that well since it is not your main
hey man i 'm probably going to call it for tonight see ya !
i would assume its like a train that changes course on the track but that is a complete guess
i ca n't say anything about the others but yes chp will win with a close probability but now they have allied with the good party and the good party is a nationalist party that left the mhp .
although the chp tries to transform itself into democrats i do n't think they will behave differently because its voters are largely nationalist too .
their current promise is to normalize with neighboring countries to end erdogan 's expansionist policies and to deal with internal problems but i do n't think they will look more positively towards armenia .
lainey molnar recently went public misusing the word too it was super disappointing after she created so much great childfree content .
kinks oral vore unbirth anal vore cock vore breast vore same size fatal digestion sentient fat human pred or anything similar disposal farts scat in disposal gas digestion/disposal transformation
do n't mind endo non-fatal micro/macro animal pred anthro pred watersports sex rp i 'm here for the vore obviously
character can rp anything humanoid honestly i like doing characters mainly but cs are always nice but i mainly do f and futa pred occasionally femboy pred too and prey of either gender .
you can also ask me about other kinks and what series i can do there just wanted to get this comment out here
i have had some of the best insights on the smaller doses .
thing is once king takes his flame off he 's vulnerable so sanji wins in durablity so base durablity goes to sanji
similar to when people are scammed they often do n't but sometimes ofc do have any obligation .
however they may do it as a gesture of good will .
for such a low amount that 's quite feasible .
but do you pernounce arch as artch '' or arc '' as both are valid .
mfs really vape this whole comment section need to touch sunlight wtf
hey u/thecyber121 this post has been automatically deleted as it contains one of the banned words such as taboo underage teen or no limits .
if this was a mistake and you said one of these words solely to indicate you are not interested in them feel free to contact the moderators below .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/eroticroleplay if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't think most people know arrow to the knee means getting married or maybe they do idk
these tools know about sales tax social security etc ?
of course they do n't like federal taxes those are progressive and hit you harder if you have more .
they want to cut theirs and push make up the difference on everyone else .
meanwhile the poor pay more in sales tax as a percent of income .
if your item is a question we also suggest that you ask it in our daily discussion thread to increase your chance of it being answered .
answered here in our getting started with polygon guide https www.reddit.com/r/0xpolygon/comments/nd47hm/getting_started_guide_your_journey_with_polygon .
please also be sure to check out the sidebar to follow the project on your desired social channels .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/0xpolygon if you have any questions or concerns .
your post has been automatically removed because you are using redgifs
we have recently taken the difficult decision to automatically remove any posts that share content that originates from redgifs.com this is due to an increase in unverified questionable and spam content that has been posted in the community .
if you are not a spam bot and would like your post reinstated please message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ukgirlsgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
probably not 100 no but i do make an effort to do my job well .
i 'm looking to learn things move up and impress people .
my industry works on reputation so its important to show that you care .
in a job that i do n't enjoy i 'll lose motivation over time sure .
but that 's why i spent time finding a job i actually care about .
this is an automated message posted to all posts in this subreddit with some basic information about the group including very importantly rules .
most people seem to not read the sidebar for information or the rules so it is now being posted under all posts .
check out our helpful links https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/helpfullinks for information on how to deal with identity theft how to get independent of your n-parents how to apply for fafsa how to identify n-parents and so much more !
this is a reminder to all participants rbn is a support group that is moderated very strictly .
please report inappropriate content so it can be reviewed by the mods .
advising anyone in this subreddit to commit suicide or referring anyone to groups that advocate this will result in an immediate ban .
narcissists are not allowed to post or comment here .
no platitudes or generic motivational posts https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules wiki_no_platitudes_or_generic_motivational_posts .
no content advocating violence revenge murder even in jest .
for a full list of our rules/more information click here https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/raisedbynarcissists if you have any questions or concerns .
the regular winfield shown in the picture with the larger tube has a marksman scope .
that is not a combo you can have in the game .
idk where this person is but that definitely is n't normal in the us i 'd say most places are 5-15 .
and further most are closer to 10-15 than to 5
only place i know of that is close to 20-30 is chuck e cheese 's but similar to amusement parks and theaters people are usually willing to pay for convenience i guess
thanos ganyu from genshin impact sans sakurai and gi-hun perform a pop song together at the concert
like i have n't had sex yet but when i get horny i get out of control too
there was almost stains left in the box everytime that jhf touched the ball .
sen bir narsisten bile daha tehlikelisin sen bir gizli narsistsin senin yanina birak bi kızı bir köpeğin bile yaklasmamasi lazim '' psikoloji okuyan eski sevgilim .
gizli narsist ne amk açığı bitti gizlisi çıktı basimiza her gun kiclarindan yeni terim çıkartıyorlar
like one specific vegetable or a type of vegetable ?
cause if it 's the first that 'd be a pretty short life just munch munch i 'm dead now .
if it 's the latter then prolly a coconut you can commit crimes with it .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/imfinnagotohell/comments/tzo7cu/based_gramps
that nigga just tryna slap like the rest of us gang
i ca n't understand how people can actually bring themselves to watch this .
30 seconds in and i was already fed up with the editing and obvious dragging out .
he deals a pretty good amount of damage while also being able to kite and rough house with a fair few top laners .
i wouldnt play him full tank but 1 or 2 damage items then tanky .
takes a bit to bring him down but he also still remains a threat fully capable of squashing someone or just full blown kiting them .
wikipedia says it has a half-life of 5.2713 years so your math is way off .
most of the cobalt-60 should be relatively harmless now .
hardman is probably one of the main antagonists throughout the series .
he is very bitter after being ousted from the firm so most of his actions are usually against harvey and jessica .
maybe not once you have seen the whole show .
but he is one of my favourite recurring characters .
send u/xd3v01dx a chat request or private message https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=xd3v01dx !
accounts must be 2 weeks old with positive karma to comment/post .
x1f449 xd3v01dx https www.reddit.com/user/xd3v01dx you can ask people to leave an easy comment on your post to verify the person is sfw and not a banned user here .
alternatively you can also comment check usernamehere '' to manually trigger an account sfw check .
this is not always guaranteed always be careful in chats.
please be cautious of new accounts with little or no user history there is a good chance they could be catfishers scammers or sexual predators .
128172 we encourage everyone to comment first before sending a chat/pm to op !
salacious intent of any kind is f͟o͟r͟b͟i͟d͟d͟e͟n here. accounts with recent or predominantly containing salacious activity both comment/post history will be banned .
send us modmail here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/chat subject=report 20sexual 20chat/interaction 20made 20by 20a 20user 20 message=1. 20offender 20username 20u 0d 0a 0d 0a2. 20offense 20description if you receive any chats like this .
to stop accepting chats op 's may comment the word closed '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chat if you have any questions or concerns .
when people talk slow and quiet for no reason .
if you do n't have to be quiet just talk loud d
the pap has definitely given up on boosting the fertility ratio .
all those policies to encourage birthrates are just tokenism .
it would be interesting to see the future where a very small minority of conscripts are enslaved to defend the interests of the majority of free loaders .
you literally just recapped games did n't think you were getting too deep or philosophical .
china has taken an interest in african countries given our population growth need for infrastructure and corrupt governments
a free trade area like this could be a way to achieve economic independence so we do n't have to rely so much on foreign aid
it 's nice to see a properly equipped hose over there on the wall/mop sink area .
even underneath ... the legs of the slide and disposal look clean .
that shit is well taken care of or very new..or both .
damn you are so fun as a human being u should get laid or something
i feel like they never grew up and still blame everyone for their problems .
to combat rising spam and alleviate issues with trolls we have suspended all comments for all posts .
you have done nothing wrong and can still post there is just no reason to comment on a post if you like it send a chat request if you do n't you get to keep your feelings to yourself .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyredditchat if you have any questions or concerns .
you can now join our wholesome discord community server over here .
https discord.gg/qqp7wkx if you just feel like talking want a place to hang out or if you want a more in depth discussion d
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/freecompliments if you have any questions or concerns .
1 i think bbby is more like a sleeping volcano rather than an active one that pops off every now and then .
the activities all the pieces of data we identify just continue to build up under the surface .
no one can really see it or confirm it but based on the signs of the surrounding region we know it 's there and it 's happening .
my recommendation to anyone with that in mind if you believed in bbby before nothing has changed .
the company is still on an action plan path to restore it 's value and at the very minimum this is a 2x opportunity for most 3x opportunity for some .
with rc 's pressure that could definitely push to a 4x opportunity .
then if on top of this a short squeeze happens that 's when you start to see fun 10x 15x 20x situations for some people .
2 the bitcoin 2022 conference in miami is going on and there were some keynote speakers yesterday .
this news in particular was pretty huge and i could n't help but see that bed bath and beyond was identified as one of the supporting merchants right near the top on the presented slide
a good amount of people from my 600 lb life have had children over 400-500 lbs
not only will those children grow up seeing a very f\*cked up relationship with food but there 's a chance that their morbidly obese parent will die young or have severe health issues for most of their life .
those little reflector ovens aka a tin kitchens are very neat !
i have seen a couple of reproductions in action at a event .
that remindes me i found a couple videos on them to share .
he also has a significantly worse injury history than harden
i think this has less to do with his politics and more to do with the fact that he is an idiot that does n't know how to fight .
u/stbyson23 you might wan na ad this to the post
megumi will have some good time getting eaten out by sukuna he deserved it .
one of the spirit ashes adds lore to it .
it makes it feel like it 's a family technique of grafting others to yourself .
if one person can graft why do n't more well more do .
go to the modding den https discord.gg/sbfpnt9q on discord .
that 's were most of the experienced active modders are .
even so if that 's the case why bother worrying about it ?
insurance is how i look at it got ta have insurance whether you 've been in a wreck ever in your life .
me thinks she needs to cut down on snorting her 'lucky charms ' ... even if they are magically delicious .
wew so now i 'm sure that global cs selecting forms randomly
i support a twist where he makes it symmetric but using all the letters again so ororowkotw as title
same i just find it silly to believe op made so much trouble for nothing .
the leak itself is interesting but questionable at best .
guys do n't get burnt out on elden ring yet remember there 's a ray tracing patch coming sometime later make sure you still have gas in the tank to go back to it when it drops
the up and coming artists thing kills me every time 😂😂😂😂 she 's been at this since 2009 .
13 years later and still has n't risen to the top means it 's time to let the dream go .
it may sound stupid but can you then buy antiques with a full ffl or do you still need that c r ?
i actually have great admiration for how boldly and quickly the baltic states have tangibly not just symbolically supported ukraine 's defense .
it has a free tier for you to give it a try .
google sites also works if you do n't need wa 's bells and whistles
put my tongue in that hole then shove my cock inside hard n fast
there different schools of thought here but they are generally somewhere between showing your value by getting a job offer from somewhere else and having a quiet word with the right people around you at the moment .
for me the successful balancing act regardless of the tools was making mindful choices about insulin diet and exercise .
the latter exercise is one that i 've maintained from the outset and includes bike rides hikes tennis skiing skating ...
do n't be a couch potato eating fried potatoes grilled is better .
i know you do n't like cooking but have you tried meal prepping ?
on sunday you make all the food for the week portion it and freeze it then you go unfreezing a portion each day .
it has helped me loads to help me eat at the correct hours instead of neglecting it and eating it all in one meal
coming to genshin from fgo when i first heard barbatos i immediately thought of that pillar xd
many of their values are backwards which instantly makes them annoying and they very much will try to fit religion into certain events in life such as when people ‘talk to god ' in their own heads .
like trying to use the wrong jigsaw piece in a puzzle .
you should be using whispering dawn basically on cooldown in trash think of it like a free medica 2 or asylum people do n't need to stand in and whispering dawn basically carries alot of low level healing .
fey illumination is slightly more niche but the magic mitigation is nice occasionally especially during raid wides and the healing buff helps if you have to resort to gcd spamming
i was able to get a ton of cans from garage sales .
i 'll just need to find some lids somewhere else
its genius political logic of all the headlines the government wants to avoid
a team of fruit illumina gem and oli solves 3/4 of your wishlist lol .
well bungie is so far behind with the updates .
would n't be surprised if this literally never got fixed .
there 's a ton of bug only affecting a few ppl and this is one of them
not tokyo but i did nagoya and back to rural after a year .
the city was fun but it drained my wallet every chance it could .
i 'd argue in a normal play through hack g a higher percentage is even more important because at 30 health an enemy is more likely to kill you or you do n't have the time to respond before they get killed .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
you have failed to ask a question in your title
your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title .
double check everything including punctuation and try posting again .
if you 're wanting to tell a story or explain something please try r/self .
if you 're needing advice of any kind try r/advice
if you 're looking for a fact based answer try r/answers
if you 're looking for something that has slipped your mind try r/tipofmytongue .
anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs .
if you need more clarification or feel this was an error please contact the mods and provide a link to this post thanks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
im lower middle class right now and i could easily be saving thousands a year and thats on a car that i have fully paid off !
especially since i plan on moving around a bit the next few years it would be a hassle .
if i had to keep it but were able to drive a lot less that would still be a win for me .
it 's just that his opinion is often valued by many when it should n't be
you can value what you want when you want however you want
holy shit that thing landed right on that dude ... he might have had the chance to literally kiss his ass goodbye
drugs in one ammo in the other and depending on perks i think more loot in the chests .
i always go for the one that has the ammo though one of these days i might do a junkie build ... . just find all the chems i can with no companions and just get higher than hancock on top of the mass fusion building
nta she does n't know how to cook and is to embarrass .
instead of butter and flour in the pan you use butter with cinnamon and sugar .
i could n't tell who left beyond that they were old male and white .
i think there is a certain amount of nuance therein though .
i 'm halfway where you are in the sense that i do n't want wwe to fail but i have huge foundational issues with how they run their business .
i understand that wrasslin is a carny business but it 's kind of difficult to overlook many of the egregious actions made by wwe .
my stance was taken pretty firmly a few years ago after hiac 19 ' .
i do n't think the product on itself respects the time of its viewers and i think the business end of things is too swarmy to ignore .
corporations are amoral by design i 'm not naive to that fact but there 's a way to at least pay lip service to ethics and wwe is completely and utter uninterested in that .
i would never lecture someone on why they have to hate the company or dislike the product and as much as i personally think it 's just not my flavor of wrestling i 'm glad it 's around to provide work and income for a lot of wrestlers .
i just wish i could give them more credit than that .
jeg har så mange fordomme om folk der har tatoveringer på halsen .
og jeg skammer mig ikke det mindste over det .
if you 'd like to draw from the divine comedy specifically the inferno then perhaps you could have the different circles of hell that dante alighieri describes with satan at the very center .
if you 'd like to make satan more interesting then consider that the devil is always the one suffering more than anyone else in hell since he led the war in heaven .
maybe satan does n't like being the ruler of hell ?
maybe he wants the players to come to him and inadvertently free him ?
maybe satan is immortal in hell and the only way to contend with him is to seal him away ?
edit in case it was n't clear the circles of hell are as follows
limbo basically an eternal waiting room for those who were n't qualified to get into heaven but were n't particularly sinful .
lust a constant storm sweeps up and rends those who let their desire for sex overwhelm their sense of reason .
gluttony souls who greedily consume without care are destroyed by constant rain mud and filth .
greed those who hoard and those who extravagantly spend are locked in constant combat with one another .
anger a boiling river of tar swallows up those who let wrath rule their hearts .
heresy those who denied the one true god are locked into burning coffins for all time .
violence souls who were violent towards others are trapped in a river of boiling blood .
souls who were violent towards themselves grow as prickly trees in a forest and are torn to pieces by harpies .
souls who were violent towards god are trapped in a scorching desert where it rains fire .
fraud contains many ditches each of which punishes a different kind of fraudulent in a unique way prophets have their heads twisted around for example .
treachery the very bottom where souls are trapped in a frozen lake for all eternity .
satan lies at the very center chewing on judas brutas and cassius .
it 's just that it would be too time consuming and if it were n't for seath they would n't know the weakness of the dragons
destiny 2 is in the best place it has ever been in right now .
they just released witch queen which is arguably the best dlc they 've ever done .
they 're pumping out patches faster than ever before .
they 're not perfect but they 're doing a damn good job with d2 right now .
if by good you mean having literally zero redeeming qualities then yeah
you should probably lay off the vox and cnn for the sake of your mental health .
a lowly tarnished such as you would not understand .
you have neither the right or ability to aim for anything higher .
i have n't made my way to russia yet i plan to one day but that 's some nice information also you can see historical problems come back to haunt many countries today look at brazil the country was under militant rule for most of its existence so of course today we still see some ramifications of that in their society i 'd assume like you pointed out the same goes for russia in this instance .
it 's always great to see someone pull themselves out from under a dark place .
congratulations and i wish you all the success and happiness as you continue your journey !
even fake geto looks hot.his long hair looks great .
his monk clothing is cool but i like all his casual clothes and let 's not forget his uniform back in the day .
manami the woman in geto 's family has that sexy working girl look .
i 'm not talking about whether it would be good though there are plenty of companies that could probably do a good job i 'm purely talking about legally and disney is such a big company that i doubt they 'd think twice about shelving it if it came to it .
edit thinking on it i wonder what a capcom kingdom hearts game would be like .
anything beyond that only has to do with more personal information about the two involved .
as far as anyone not involved they do n't matter .
if it 's not a toxic relationship then who cares ?
unfortunately your post was removed as it violates our rules
rule 9 no low effort posts excessive venting or bragging
using r/experienceddevs to crowd source answers to something that is n't really contributing to the spirit of this subreddit is forbidden at moderator 's discretion .
this includes posts that are mostly focused around venting or bragging both of these types of posts are difficult to moderate and do n't contribute much to r/experienceddevs .
if you have questions or concerns please message the moderators through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/experienceddevs subject message .
the ambiance music is really good especially for a scaredy cat like me .
a lot of the main music is somewhat disappointing .
like i will listen to it and be like wow it feels like it is missing something .
it 's a shitty format and people should criticize it it 's bullshit and reduces the stakes of half the series .
people criticize other formats all the time saying 'just win ' does n't make double elim with no bracket reset not dumb .
fyi downvoting cats on a sunday gets you straight to hell 🙈
he basically stole '' mina 's spotlight i 'm joking about the stealing part but you get what i mean .
would you look at that all of the words in your comment are in alphabetical order .
i have checked 705,820,129 comments and only 142,605 of them were in alphabetical order .
you 're definitely not helping drive engagement by getting salty about it .
go sort this sub by new you 'll see that most threads do n't get a ton of engagement especially within an hour of posting .
i was gon na write a reply about how i feel there are inherent differences in playing environments between ttrpgs and single player video game rpgs and how that affects my view on skill checks but this comment kinda made me not want to bother tbh .
i 'm 26 and still live at home and my parents support me right now and other people have been giving me a really hard time which i feel like has put me in a low place bc i 'm embarrassed and discouraged but people that are n't bipolar just do n't get 😫thank you for this post !
validation is my drug of choice along with lamictal lol
well i think it becomes an interesting question for evolutionary dynamics .
does antisocial behavior stem from an increasingly present physical trait like reduced size of certain brain regions associated with empathy ?
or is antisocial behavior a learned or adaptive strategy that individuals pickup during childhood ?
and not to mention the interesting things we can debate and discover about why specifically antisocial behavior persists across the population and what overall benefits and consequences the group receives when it 's members present antisocial neuro diversity .
if prolific is offering the study to you then you 're qualified .
your weekly r/hiphopheads roundup for the week of april 03 april 09
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/hzsowhj9hqs81.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
that does n't really change the underlying problem that the jedi are taking in children who while their parents consent they themselves do n't and raising them to not be allowed to have familial or romantic relationships at all .
sure they can leave but abandoning the only system you 've ever known is n't exactly the most viable option for many .
and then there 's the part where kids are sent to fight in wars .
oh my gosh i wonder if i 'll even be accepted if i request
lmaoooo imma be real over here bia 's verse was meh cole 's was heat
donald trumps and we pretty much know there 's crime involved
well looking at what is going on in ukraine ... much rather have a kid in the military protecting my country than a kid selling their self esteem .
i have my opinion you have yours i do n't wan na talk about this here .
but also if this boss takes 50 hours to do the normal way you 're doing something very wrong lol .
i made xi fan in my instant pot this week .
not sure if in english it would be congee or porridge but i love it with all kinds of sides .
hua gua and ro sung are my favorite ones 😋
fuck your daft as hell my argument was the straw man to the original post.. you said i made an outlier argument.. this actually makes no since since an outlier would just be something that is true but falls out or normalcy or expected result.. you my friend are the true moron .
get your catch fraise reddit buzz words in order.. or am i gas lighting argumenting you now lmfao 🤣
in my opinion all of batman 's rogues and all their supernatural glory can work in matt reeves batverse .
it 's grounded in the way the apes films are .
the stories and themes that will be used in this trilogy or whatever it turns out to be will be real mature and wo n't be campy .
i am in pakistan and i love being in pakistan .
i do n't know why but i feel like i am at home with all the good people around as a family .
if i have to move for work i would prefer germany 🇩🇪 .
and i think there is no better country as a second choice to live in .
you can order different grades of toro too from less fatty to more fatty .
the code you will be running locally will be really low intensity and any larger code you will just run on a university computer .
get whatever you like but i recommend maybe prioritizing something lightweight .
just saying you could be slightly less passive aggressive if you want to have a real discussion but that 's not as fun as being a troll now is it lad .
i dismantled all my sunset weapons except my outlaw rampage go figure from forsaken .
i just ca n't let go of it plus it still shreds in 1350 content
i found a niche way to swindle you out of something i need and if it is n't money this time its trust so that it can be money next time ''
because i understood it as your second idea with the louisiana thing .
not necessarily true more attractive women do get a lot more attention than most men in dating sites but less attractive women barely get any attention at all
it 's not about having a hair pin '' response or trigger warnings .
this is a really unwarranted response and honestly quite disappointing to see .
i understand that there are other much less used definitions for the term however on a sub where so many people have ptsd — and sexual assault accounts for the majority of ptsd cases https www.singlecare.com/blog/news/ptsd-statistics text=the 20following 20statistics 20illustrate 20the serious 20accidents 3a 2016.8 25 — a bit more sensitivity is appropriate .
hope you can understand where i 'm coming from .
why is he scrolling when you 're lying together ?
this seems like it could be easily remedied for your comfort .
but it also seems like you do n't want him consuming any of this—not just that you do n't want to see it .
and you want him not to consume it regardless .
pretty unlikely that he 's going to give it up .
fair enough you enjoy your game and ill enjoy my sussy jokes
i 'd slowly move it up and down your pussy doing circles around around you clit and feel your legs as they start to shake
you 're brave venturing out into new territory with that rug 👍👍
so as i 'm short im already doomed to hell .
wo hy should i care about all the other rules ?
if you are editing because an item has been bought/sold/traded please do not remove prices sizes or items .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fragranceswap if you have any questions or concerns .
you can give your child what you want to give them because it 's your child .
i was beat to it but yes you should and i would be happy to volunteer my services if you want to practice and refine your lap dancing skills as well .
so what you 're saying is the hbo documentary needed to be laid out and executed like a c-tier porn film then posted on pornhub .
they are mostly used as fillers they arent used cause they are good .
you like abusing and bullying things that cant fight back and talk back ?
can you change the setting to game or sport or something like that ?
your account is too new and/or your karma is too low
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/addisonrae if you have any questions or concerns .
in terms of world financial flows russia is small beer .
oh i 'm in the er waiting to be admitted the only place that takes minors is two hours away unfortunately and thanks !
if your dog died while you were out at work what would happen then ?
do you have someone visiting every few minutes to check it 's still alive ?
i assume because it 's not immediately clear what happened .
you have to first figure out what is going on at ambush artillery other tanks mines etc then after that figure out where it is coming from and then figure out what to do now .
also apparently russian tanks have a very slow revers gear so options are fairly limited .
make sure you read the rules in the sidebar to avoid your post getting removed .
join our other subreddits r/indianporn r/naughtyindians r/indianhotshots r/indianonlyfans r/indiangirlstoys r/indiannsfwsubreddits r/indiandiva r/indianlipsthatgrip r/indiansnapchat .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/indiangirls if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm impressed how good the 15.ai https 15.ai sounds on soldier .
i do n't hear any of that artificial raspinesss i normally hear in 15.ai https 15.ai tf2 voices .
ya i know about that of course he 's pretty good at skipping .
i just didnt know you could skip with no items ive only ever done it w a little bit of extra movement speed
no straight reason in all honesty i just want to be able to be there for whoever may need it .
honestly this is one of the better ones to play co op with my lil guy .
he gets to play kirby and drag me around and i can mangle all the enemies and keep him safe .
definitely get yelled at for killing the wrong stuff tho lol
you think that he would n't have interfered if some muggle bureaucrat tried to upset harry 's all-important protective living arrangement for some as trivial as mental emotional and occasionally physical abuse administered daily and in large quantities for his entire upbringing ?
he 's way too busy to actually provide protection or find harry caretakers that will actually treat him like a human being but he 'd definitely find time to erase a couple of memories in order to maintain the status quo .
i mean it 's not like a decade of childhood trauma really matters he 's just gon na end up dying young anyway so who cares ?
do n't work on those stamped metal brakes just replace them .
the whole set is like 10 of whatever currency you use .
good to see some recognition for paul tutmarc and his electric bass fiddle since it was functionally the same instrument as leo fender 's '51 precision model but he does n't get nearly as much credit as fender does .
train lovers of the world unite you have nothing to lose but your cold hard bitumen .
i do n't sorry do you still want the ability patch ?
camera to wifi is usually the problem the sync module is actually the least fussy of the two parts of the system .
this is because the low frequency radio the sync module uses to communicate with the cameras travels slightly further and more reliably than wifi does .
but one-third of the way between wifi access point and device would probably work the best i.e .
slightly closer to access point than camera as the low frequency can travel further .
may i ask the brand and source of your enticing outfit.. pls n thanks
morrison is the stable option and a man of god .
this election will prove australia wants stability and jesus .
what ever did happen to the idea of the separation of church and state ?
this subreddit is open to all onlyfans models to post content .
we determine if someone is a model by their full onlyfans link as a comment .
we did not see an onlyfans link under this post so we have removed it from the subreddit .
i will monitor this post for an onlyfans link once i see one as a comment i will approve this post .
i am only a bot and i may make mistakes .
if i have removed your post in error please use the send a modmail '' link below to send the moderators a link to this post and they can approve it manually .
we are not saying you are not an onlyfans model .
we are saying we did n't see an onlyfans link as a comment under your post .
we are asking you to put your link as a comment .
this post is not deleted it is just not viewable to the subreddit .
do not delete this post yourself this post will be approved once you put an onlyfans link as a comment .
you can comment your onlyfans link on this post and we will approve it .
we will not go to your profile to verify you are a creator .
it must be an onlyfans link under the post url redirectors or onlyfans trial links are not recognized .
comments are not locked on this post if you are seeing a message saying so you are trying to reply to the automod comment and not your post .
if you are getting a message that says please wait '' that is reddit that is slowing down how often you post .
we can not control this all you can do is wait until reddit will let you comment .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfansbusty message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fonlyfansbusty 2fcomments 2ft97949 2ffollow_your_busty_milf 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
i would also recommend snipping off the solder on the other connections as they too are prone to failure especially the main supply coming in to the board and the hotend .
the thing that drives relationships is long term planning or in other words nagging by someone to work harder save more buy a house etc .
the made-up couples are just roommates they need some design challenge that while not long term is still tough enough to test how they actually get along .
i feel this so much i 'm also in an ldr .
what i found helpful without messing my cycle were menstrual cups/discs that can be worn during sex .
i 'm not sure how there exactly called but mine is the ‚ziggy cup‘ from intima idk if there are any other brands sorry .
it 's not 100 leak proof but it really does keep a lot of blood .
also my bf did n't notice it so that 's a plus .
and personally i really like wearing it just for my period i really prefer the feeling over a tampon .
oeh girl no in the girl group challenge she definitely got lost .
overall i did n't even think anyone did bad in their team .
i 've noticed the thing with pre-packed tea bags if you leave them in for more than a minute the tea tastes terrible .
hence i drink loose tea which i put in a bag .
in my area it 's common to bring a cup wherever you go .
so i usually make one cup when i leave home and bring an extra bag for later .
often i get busy and forget to take the bag out which is not a problem since i like stronger tea .
all i can advice you to do is ask your environment for support .
people love puppies so most of them are very willing if you ask .
i remember having my parents over for dinner the first week .
they cooked and i just sat there in my no-sleep brain cocktail .
i was so glad they were there and around 21.00 i knew they would be leaving and i felt this fear in the pit of my stomach .
i was so scared to be left alone with that screaming little landshark .
we 're two months in and i love him to death .
i did have a period in which i did n't love him did n't feel any joy i just did what i had to do to get through the day .
edit the first commentor editted some awesome stuff in !
if the pup is okay and fed you can ignore him and crate him .
he needs only 4 hour of awake time now .
you are easily able to change from chinese to english .
in fact if you download the game from anyone other than a chinese platform it automatically defaults to full english .
but if somehow it does default to chinese you only need to open setting in the bottom right of the main menu and swap to english there .
i 'd take a 16 just to rid digne .
ca n't bare him in my team any longer .
but part of me thinks they 're gon na put in some break up scene in the last quarter just for the drama .
i did n't get into arguments about which one is n't brats and which is n't .
i am just saying how one set of kids are seen as brats on her and the others are n't .
races have been won and lost by much much less .
i 'd lick your little clit put my tongue in your hole for a good taste then rub the head of my dick up and down your pussy before sliding it in
your not homeless if you live in a house which a hotel is a house and poor person in mansion is forever poor
mayweather sees no issue with having no morality i love money no matter what
op mentioned she 's a white lady and later mentioned that they 're op black so it could have been a racially motivated encounter or just an irritating one .
so maybe when i tilt head slowly the torsional movement is slowly too and not an abrupt movement like when i tilt the head fast right ?
because even when i tilt head slowly sometimes i can feel the ocular torsion but sometimes i do n't .
i 've never used bags but i know the cheap ones from academy probably are n't the greatest
nope neville chamberlain went to germany to negotiate and all that .
look up peace in our time '' and see for yourself
i thought the whole thing was just a bs show-off maneuver that the soviet pilots and planes used to demonstrate superior soviet engineering and pilotage .
the kind of thing the russians did at air shows to amaze people before they crashed and killed a bunch of people .
doing this in sim flat spin and no recovery probably .
ah same i have 4 goldhorns so if you want to i can add
i had it happen with kucherov on snipenscore 2011 xbox series x rosters
if it was random that 's a perfect answer in itself so thanks .
cause i was n't able to find any news on this in china media or social media except corgi .
do n't tell me about censorship cause if the corgi can get viral why not this
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/athleticbabes if you have any questions or concerns .
if you thought you and a guy were just friends and he just kissed you out of the blue how would it make you feel ?
thank you for giving me advice on seeing things if they were reversed .
communication is something i could n't exactly give right after the situation .
i got 130 at a junkyard for the ones i cut off my neighbors truck removed and legally replaced on a vehicle i owned .
i remember when i started the motto of the company was 'more more more ' .
it stood for more money from more customers more of the time .
i wan na feel it in my mouth and hands
i would like to be messaged too if that 's okay .
i am also interested sa nearby condos or dorms sana .
i agree and would have got the polis involved if i was there .
i suggest you re read my post as i did n't say it was n't .
you could do more walking up and down hills to help strengthen .
you could also have your horse stop with butt facing top of hill and back hill up the hill backwards .
i did it last night and i 'm doing it right now .
last night i left it at that after reading your post i 'll try another gram after an hour .
doing it this way i take less and feel better .
if you need help to ovulate and letrozole helps you ovulate you may as well stick with it .
letrozole does just as well as clomid but with less side effects/limitations so it makes sense that they would n't want to switch you when it 's working fine .
it seems like you 've come to a place mentally where you have n't gotten the results you 've wanted from this protocol and so you want to do something differently .
but iui protocols are pretty simple for the vast majority .
if a person ovulates on their own and has a solid luteal phase they would n't even need these meds .
i do n't think there 's a lot of new frontier for you as far as iui goes .
i 'd add in a trigger shot if your doc will prescribe it .
you 've got a 20 shot of becoming pregnant and i hope it works out for you .
you can also start talking next steps with your doc so if this iui does n't work out you can hit the ground running on what 's next .
try not to beat yourself up so much these opinions of yourself i doubt are completely true .
i 've felt stupid most of my life from judgement of others and being spoken to in a condescending way by most men in my life .
if you think of yourself as being a certain way that 's all you 'll ever be .
i come from what you could consider ‘old money ' and trust me rich people only seem different there is no special value to climbing the social ladder .
one thing most of them have in common is entitlement and confidence .
i do n't know if it 's just my impression but unless they 're drunk they do n't talk a lot they are comfortable in silence and avoid talking too fast .
for me the first day is terrible and i just lay on my bed or sit in shower in pain .
it basically feels like someone is constantly hitting that place with an axe .
and it 's pretty annoying to wake up at 3am to realise it 's that time of the month again and walk into bathroom dropping blood on the floor .
i blame botw and now elden ring for undoing what ubi and sony and ubi and ubi and ubi and ubi taught us for the past decade 1 dollar for 1 hour is idiotic and just results in lesser games in the vast majority of situations .
like i loved elden ring and am genuinely scheduling in another playthrough this fall regardless of dlc release .
but i am the kind of person who replays souls games pretty regularly and periodically goes back to dick around in nioh and so forth .
if i did n't genuinely love fights and think stuff like fighting random wandering capras and taurus demons was cool as hell ?
i would have done a lot fewer side dungeons and caves similar to how i will probably never do a chalice dungeon in bloodborne beyond rushing for the weapon variant i want .
and that would probably speed things up a lot .
similarly i definitely felt like i was outleveling bosses .
even the final boss felt more like i won because ! i got a lucky sequence on being able to run it down than because my stats were sufficient or i had learned its patterns ! .
so if folk mostly just did the core game and are happy ?
and if folk want to spend 90 hours doing everything ?
as always hot cock nice smile need for you to let me caress and pamper that hamster until it starts sputtering and spitting it 's nectar from the depths of your balls .
anyone in any field who tells you there is nothing to do besides buy their product is a salesman and nothing else .
i dont have money to buy a cake im gon na make one
too many single gw players and zero united assets seem bit bad .
would go for salah sancho then get wood in for forward .
the police interviewed him and he admitted that he killed him and planted the car in kettering .
you have no idea what you 're talking about .
if you 're discussing number of employees '' then yes government and agriculture are largest but that 's also true at the national level the federal government is the largest employer in the united states as well .
but in terms of economic output technology entertainment agriculture and tourism are all thriving industries in california .
california has the largest economy in the us and is on par with other nations .
stop listening to the stupid tube and start thinking for yourself .
ywbta if you requested paternity test to force him on an different kind of relationship with his son .
but if you think your fiance is better off knowing and you will support his relationship with son no matter what you will not be .
as long as your intentions are clear and you support it either way and have best interest at heart for both parties involved .
if your personality does n't matter to women it 's either that you 're ugly or that you 're attractive but have a shit personality .
imo game sits at a solid 9/10 near perfect minus a few repeat bosses boring bosses and some balancing issues .
personal gripe with the game is the low quality of the bosses and the open world nature makes subsequent runs less fun than past games .
almost perfect game but after playing it 3 times im going back to the more linear games .
i do n't know the details about this specific situation .
but you can not revoke a cc license once it is cc ed it stays cc ed although future versions by the auther does n't need to keep the license .
there might be a problem with keeping the code closed source but i do not have that knowledge .
noncommercial is one aspect share alike is the other .
but i also do n't think we can rule out that either esoteric or cephalofair have misunderstood the situation .
the judge is also there to offer legal advice and help to a jury on more complex intricate matters .
the judge never over changed their verdict merely informed them of what they were doing and asked that they should think carefully before doing it .
jury nullification is important but a judge also exists to advise the jury on these matters .
i could be convinced for the right amount of money .
slept in my macho man shirt woke up in stephanie mcmahon ... ... .
you were obviously distraught and toddlers gon na toddler .
i can not believe someone could look at that situation and think you know what this mother needs right now ?
i 'm so sorry that happened i ca n't imagine how terrifying that must have been !
i 'm happy all 's well that ends well and 10 years from now it will be a fantastic story to embarrass them with !
and ran a theocracy to enrich himself as the ultimate authority .
he was not a good human ... .yet the church holds him in reverence .
as long as they leave byu named after him you know they do n't get it .
i love my wife very much but she has zero interest in learning how to operate electronics or anything to do with finances .
the finances part i like because i can do hoodrat shit with my friends here .
the electronics part gets old because she always complains about temperature but refuses to focus enough to help herself out .
oh it was the og ryo getting that soccer ball launched at his head mid-cutscene .
i was eating something so he got nailed square in the face .
makes sense why its being pushed so hard by interdimensional gay space lizards
please sit and stay as long as you like ! ! !
i think he was saying he was marked as confirmed before he actually voted so he wo n't trust the accuracy for the rest of the sheet .
yup same here should release the decisions by today or tomorrow
omd that was the sweetest thing i 've seen today .
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains r/nsfw/wiki/hosts or it is not a direct image link .
please read the link on proper way to post .
please note that albums are not allowed to be posted by new accounts .
also note that new users using imgur need to link directly to the image i.imgur.com/abcdefg.png not the html page imgur.com/abcdefg .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tinytits if you have any questions or concerns .
once you have a satisfactory answer to your question please reset the flair to answered '' .
this will help others find an answer to the same question .
if this is a question reporting a bug please delete and place it in the pinned bug report thread .
if this is a discussion about a bug or possible bug please change the flair to the more specific bug '' flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nomansskythegame if you have any questions or concerns .
this is a reminder for op and all other commenters .
please do not make up slang for words like bells gold stars nmt etc .
if you see a user using slang please report .
if you are using slang for those words you may be subject to having your comment removed and missing out on the giveaway .
as mentioned in this post https www.reddit.com/r/nofeeac/comments/ncabhn/flair_update_thank_you_weekends_now_thank automoderator has been fixed and will no longer remove comments that include currency words on giveaway posts or win prizes/raffle posts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nofeeac if you have any questions or concerns .
from the prochoice guttmacher institute but data suggest that most women seeking later terminations are not doing so for reasons of fetal anomaly or life endangerment https onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1363/4521013
from the washingtonpost based on limited research and discussions with researchers in the field dr. foster believes that abortions for fetal anomaly ‘make up a small minority of later abortion ' and that those for life endangerment are even harder to characterize the report stated.
stats on the reasons for late term abortion are purposefully rare since they do n't report what people wish they did .
ordinary russians are good people they oppose the war and putin 's atrocities !
he 's just using barca as leverage too get the deal he wants with bayern .
i work at night so i 'm lucky to have an am/pm down the street that sells their version of a mcrib or some corndogs at 6am .
i 'll eat whatever sounds good to me at that time of day .
do n't get me started on buying alcohol in the morning ...
you may regret that statement but i will take you up on it 😈😈😈
it puts people in a bad position in many markets where you have to waive inspection to be competitive .
it gives an advantage to investors and the rich who can weather the cost of issues that come up better than normal folk who may not want to waive inspection but are basically forced to to win anything .
as-is should be the maximum that you 're allowed to waive down to .
i see the info about covid treatment results for abivertinib here in march 2022 presentation https investors.sorrentotherapeutics.com/static-files/ded13448-aa64-4405-a2d9-de644cfe9dfc
no more command appearances or extra time with your little one .
your husband needs to have your back on this .
he 's taking the path of least resistance instead of supporting you .
also stop letting her gatekeep access to husband 's extended family .
fact is kazuya is evil even without the devil gene
why tf that little kid sound like a tik tok'r already ?
so i 'm playing on ng+1 i have 99 strength 30 vig 40 endurance 30 vitality and everything else is base stats knight class .
using boreal dancers armour guts greatsword with heavy gem and the green shield that increases stamina regen .
using cloranthy 3 ring estus ring pontiffs right eye ring and carthus blood ring .
in that same breath kuznetsov deserved the conn smythe in 2018 for us .
it was somewhat like a lifetime achievement award that ovi got it .
not that he was undeserving but kuznetsov was the best player that postseason no debate .
part of what i really like about some of the kingdom ss86 figures is how clean the alt modes are cyclonus in particular .
that said i 'm more than likely to display them in robot mode .
you 'll definitely improve as you do more events 😃 ! !
we were all there once and we keep getting better so do n't mind 😁✌️
durham is a good uni but econ would be preferred .
the course is held separtly at the stockton campus so is n't connected with the econ course at least when i last saw it .
back then the course was new and were giving bbc a level offers out to people .
but there are people who do break in but none i know from a+f at fo roles
considering they decided to sell shorts for nearly 100 cad i think its obvious why the rest of their sales were low
for starters you 're not one of those weird people who drive with one foot on each pedal are you ?
second if i was to run someone over my foot would most definitely not be on the brake .
it would be on the accelerator or gas pedal to the layman .
third take your car someplace away from others and drive it into a field .
with the car in gear d or r remove both feet from the pedals and see how fast it travels .
hint not very fast and not with much power a brisk walk depending on the car .
this is how the vehicle will most likely act should the person trying to kill you die from one of your bullets .
your right that adrenaline does make us impulsive but it can also give us focus .
the point of you shooting this person is n't to kill them it 's to get them to snap out of their manic state and maybe take a second to realize what they 're actually doing .
if i asked 10 of my fellow americans what they know about luxembourg i would n't be surprised if the majority of their responses was something along the lines of that 's the name of a pyramid in egypt right ?
i heard years ago that someone actually did this to someone with €50 psn cards so it 's not entirely unimaginable ...
i feel like red would be a past kanto league champion
everybody knows ferrari but it 's definitely not the same for ducati or team gresini .
valentino rossi took bikes mainstream for sure but compared to the amount of time ferrari and f1 have been around bike racing still has a lot of ground to cover .
there is also less of a sense of national pride rossi won on japanese bikes while the italian manufacturers floundered for decades .
i am a biker myself but i would n't be in any doubt that f1 is the better-known and most popular sport .
no you fucking dipshit tanya should never be lewded .
i think my ... not dislike but lack of enthusiasm comes from the hype .
hearn 's comments in the ring last night were telling .
he said he would n't put benn into a money fight because he 's a beast in training but a kid who balloons up between bouts and ca n't be arsed in the gym he 'd put him in a money fight .
that viewing someone as fodder told me all i needed to know about hearn and how he carefully builds his cash cows .
brook has nowhere to go there 's nobody really left for him to fight he 's never getting a title fight on the back of a win against a completely shot amir khan .
if josh taylor had n't shat all over his legacy i 'd have pushed him and brook for his entry into the welterweight division .
if benn has the talent he does n't need the brook retirement cash out fight the real fight is vergil ortiz jr beat him and he 's next in line for the winner of spence v crawford .
i know this a year old post but i 've never had such a strange issue before and such a weird sequence to fix it .
i had almost identical problem to you oc 'd memory black screen no post and clear cmos pins did n't appear to work .
who would have thought the power supply still needed to be on .
anyways you just made my heart settle back down to it 's normal pace thanks for coming back with the updates .
well you definitely could if you wanted to ... come on ... do n't be a pussy 🙈
all my home owners are level 3 or above so that does n't change anything as well .
probably the usual he came up in conversation somewhere on reddit .
other people that didnt know much about him learned about him etc .
and then those other people have been posting about him . ''
a big discussion happens somewhere on reddit and for the next day or so theres a surge in discussion about whatever it was as people cross post to other subreddits .
for example yesterday i saw someone posting about his hot ones episode and that had lots of discussion and now today someone posted this video .
its just the hot topic of the day i guess
😭😭 but i 've felt soooo sick and sleep is becoming scarce due to the intense constant heartburn and pain .
i 'm about to throw in the towel and start maternity leave early because i am so so cranky and loopy from lack of sleep .
but the color of the holes are n't the color of her skin and they are perfectly rounded all of them they are just part of the design
i abhor hitting the play button on my phone .
why are you posting us clear warning us as well about this place but wont tell us where ?
sorry you had to go through that but i do n't want to get that shit as well .
that 's what i mean unbalanced there 's no other jutsu that requires a counter .
rather than them choosing jutsus to counter it they should just make it not as overpowered as it is .
it just proves me point on hypebeast jutsus you need a high powered jutsu to counter it or ss scroll tool .
a water dragon or fireball jutsu or similar normal jutsus is not doing a thing .
and i 'm not salty over it i just do n't understand why they made it like that
9 to collect on the map and 14 rewarded for doing the 7 season quests .
week 8 will be the soonest you can claim all options
explore every inch of are bodies and netflix and chill
i 've been told i look like a mix of future/lil uzi vert leonardo 's dicaprio carti .
i 'm not black so it 's alright tho they all look good
the mother needs to talk to management or call in sick on that day .
this is not something op should feel guilty about because she is using that day for finals .
she also has to deal with the loss of her own mother so that is probably on her mind as well .
well i usually go by 1 value 1k rhd but i 'd be fine with anything !
oh yeah absolutely i would never tell someone something negative about their tattoos it 's not my body not my business but i can still have an opinion without sharing it with the person .
i was n't trying to shame my friend i was just trying to explain her relation to body modifications .
for instance she loves her 1 nipple piercing but says having 2 is slutty i have both nipples pierced ... just trying to explain a bit more so you have some background to judge the situation
you do n't got ta never masturbate ever as long as it does n't get in the way of your life and you control when you masturbate then your golden man .
bernie considers global warming the most valuable change to national security .
he opposed the establishment of the dakota access pipeline on the grounds that it will have a noteworthy result on the climate .
in what universe does anyone have to consider you or ask your permission to make a job offer to another person ?
you do n't own a sitter and it was very immature and unprofessional of the sitter to disclose this information to you unless in doing so he was hoping for a raise .
you took the immaturity even further by involving the children in this mess .
usajobs has lots of wilderness ranger and fire lookout jobs .
these look sketchy as hell to me and i 'd stay tf away tbh .
what 's up with the corner of the venusaur and the way the light reflects by his finger looks like the card is glossy .
i 'd probably take a risk for 50 but if you 're expecting to drop over that any loss is on you .
edit actually no i would n't take a risk the dude and the cards look sketchy as shit .
while this is true it 's not at the expense of passing .
you still have to be a good passer to be a good qb .
does n't matter how great of a runner you are if you are a below average passer you will never be a consistently good qb .
i completely lost my shit the first time one of those meat dragon things showed up
i made the poll and won the poll 😂😂 know how i predicted this ? ive seen a bunch of younger girls wearing these gates this spring on ig .
meanwhile i am in fact in bed in a robe as i write this
if u work an 8 hour shift every day and not counting gas yeah this is doable
you owe them nothing and they 're not family anymore .
i think whatever hair she still has is permanently straightened via keratin treatments or whatever .
she could n't appear with her natural curls even if she wanted to unless she took a few months to grow it out .
kyle lowry turns his body into a projectile missile when he gets fouled jfc
so every game is going to be played in this stadium ?
will the ext two games have fans in them ?
it seems like a silly reason for a ban yet there were so many ways they could have made the same point without using that language .
it 's rather unnecessary and gratuitous both the comment and the ban .
that said given some of their past comments perhaps the spreading hate ban was overdue .
yeah if that 's the case it 's understandable .
however we do n't know what happened exactly and how come right after her parents got to know he lost interest .
i actually got suspended from facebook this week for posting a picture of her .
tried to appeal the judgment but did n't work .
so i guess facebook moderators are with jeffries on this one ... .
but there 's a difference between the confederate flag and the blm movement is n't there ?
if your grandparents perpetuated the idea mine should be enslaved i wo n't hold it against you .
but if you 're carrying the banner that encompasses those ideals we 're going to have problems .
you might say was n't about slavery '' but that was the whole ideal the confederate south stood for .
not about freedom but their freedom at the expense of others .
my super power is being able to see when and how people die .
the super power itself is automatic and appear as a video and timer above someone 's head .
if i die my super power chooses a successor for me the successor will apply to the following criteria
he will retain a part of my original conscience that will guide him if he ever gets stuck
the same rules also apply to the successor after that .
i 'll use my super power for something simple getting rid of all the crime in the world .
thanks to the fact i can see every person 's death i can see what person gets killed by what criminal i can decide what criminals to poke off by looking at the times of their death .
the deaths are set and can not be removed if i see someone like my mother die then i ca n't do anything to prevent that .
i 'll use my genius analytical skills and my super power and become what i like to call a super detective soon every criminal would n't be able to do a fuck about me existing and bringing them out for their crimes .
he must be unique from me however he 'll have some basic similarities
he will learn about my legacy the moment he reaches the age of 8 he must be the age of 5 when my power initially chooses him
incase some bullshit super villain shows up my power will make it so that incase the universe or earth blows up the timeline resets allowing humans to live their lives normally without any form of fear .
more like fantasises for people with that kind of kink or sexual perversion .
however most people agree that loli anime or hentai is a necessary evil because it keeps lolicon people sexually satisfied without showing their actual pedophilic behaviour out in public .
usually in my shirt pocket for safe keeping until i can clip it back on after wiping .
the central authority with power now is not the church but the us dollar .
opening up new means of communication and organization could mean its current ascendancy wo n't last .
no pm with 10 years experience making half that kind of money .
20 years ago they were n't making that little bit of money .
planning to do something like this when i have the money to do it ahahaha
i mean she obviously deserves to get the piss kicked out of her .
but having her kid do it is n't going to teach her anything .
it 's only going to reinforce her own internal narrative of op being a bad kid and herself being a victim .
it 's incredibly rare for an abuser to accept that they 've done bad things so usually it 's easier to just throw the whole relationship in the trash and never let them close enough to hurt you ever again .
hmm yeah it seems like koh lipe to hat yai is a longer journey than i thought .
my suggestion was n't necessarily about saving time though more about comfort .
figure out a level of consistency you can maintain long term without burning out .
but he said wait for the sue gray report which has n't fully been released yet
i 'm on 190k inc super now but i was at uni for 6 years and ended up with two degrees but that 's more to do with me changing my mind part way through .
it 's taken me 9 years to get to this point so the 60k hecs and 6 year opportunity cost is well worth it in my opinion
my boy is six and we are huge sw nerds together .
wait until you get to explain anakin and luke .
there was physical abuse and you want to go back ?
continue with your therapy and self care and leave the past in the past
it is more cost effective to buy a costco pork belly and cure and smoke it myself .
i always plan it for when i am smoking something else .
i can usually find space to smoke this for a couple of hours when i am smoking other meats .
so it really is n't more of a time commitment .
did you try letting it sit in the fridge for a few hours to firm up before slicing ?
since it is also hard to cut the ends i usually chop those into bits and will cook them in various other dishes .
there is no such thing as humane slaughter.no animal has to die for human taste of tongue and ignorance.they can eat delicious and nutritious vegan diet.like slavery animal slaughter needs to stop by closing slaughter houses .
this is friendly reminder of some of rules of r/oregonmengonewild
no soliciting this includes your about me and your comment and post histories .
no illegal activity see rules and side bar for examples .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/oregonmengonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
my alcoholic aunt would drink perfume if it had any alcohol in it vanilla extract and medicine .
adding salt to the wine would render it undrinkable to most people but i 'd say most of addicts are n't in it for the taste .
if they acknowledged '' it they would n't force these broken updates onto everyone .
they should take the l and roll back absolutely no issues with the old whatsapp web .
so you get to be sarcastic but i cant ?
at 12:01 on your 18th birthday i would have been deep in your sissy pussy
it 's an amazing feeling once that thing just clicks is n't it ?
it 's like taking a shit and having no toilet paper.. oh wait wrong lyrics
personally i feel either buffon or pirlo should have gotten the balon d'or over cannavaro that season .
it definitely was n't the best thing to say but she 's not entirely wrong .
and it does hurt her though i do n't know if that was the best time to bring that up because you obviously needed the support right then .
and honestly getting away from the shitty side of the internet that leads people to ask you horrible things like that may be a good thing .
she cares about you and she wants you to feel better .
she just showed it in a bit of a clumsy way .
if something like this happens again i really hope it does n't but if it does perhaps saying to her i really need your support right now and a listening ear so please be kind to me right now '' might help .
i 've lost people too my grandpa one of them and the pain does eventually become bearable .
just remember that as long as they remain within your heart they 're never truly gone .
atf are an exception evicting dangerous extremist rentoids since waco
it does n't make sense to say that man is justified by faith alone apart from love .
that would make faith greater than love which we know it 's not 1 cor.13:13 .
works of the law can not be added to faith for justification .
he was n't saying that we can not add anything else to faith because obviously we can add hope and love .
therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the ⭐️deeds of the law⭐️.
so we conclude they man is justified without works of law but that does not mean it 's without hope or love .
you think you 're all funny do n't you when you say 'jeff who ? '
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/spacexmasterrace if you have any questions or concerns .
1 month and half in and my skin is so much softer 😊
we have too many backup openers not too many backup keepers .
i 'm running fedora 35 as well and my biggest pet peeve is that scaling is n't that great .
at 100 it 's too small at 200 it 's too big and with fractional scaling enabled it gets blurry .
really nothing else bothers me but this issue and from what i 've read online it 's pretty much a linux wide thing ...
i 'm also a linux noob and i 'm not sure what else to do and i 'm afraid of messing up some configurations .
td-s1 is the greatest single season of tv ever made .
heals using a stick and do n't condone violence but buff people
yeah i think they are just showing their hand in episode 2 to avoid looking like a big build up to bullshit the genre can be the mist castle rock from lost .
raised by wolves had me wondering season 1 it nailed it season 2 though .
severance i had doubts but holy shit it delivered ... enough for two good finales
munster fucking carved us up two years ago under wayne .
you sound like you are installing and activating modules for the sake of it it 's a common behaviour can you explain exactly what each of the modules offers you over the base experience ?
generally the suggestion is go basically module free until you have a need then find a module that solves that need .
you do n't know that but dbfz definitely has a case of daddy 's favorite '' so you are n't wrong
during the first 48 hours after posting each submission is accepting user ratings .
after that period a final score will be calculated and a corresponding flair assigned to the post .
to vote you have to add a comment with your rating on a scale of 1 to 10 .
a valid vote must include a numeric rate in the following format x/10 where x is a number between 1 and 10 you can use one decimal place for partials .
you can have other text in the comment too just make sure to include the rating .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ratemyrack if you have any questions or concerns .
manos the hands of fate laserblast are genuinely awful .
the other films you listed are all great horror comedies
i love snape so i 'm gon na say chapter 8 the potions master
i think this calls for a 4 stage new sheppard with jeff who playing arrow roulette on 4 adjacent landing pads .
preying on younger girls is normalized so it calls that out and is n't exactly ageism .
i have all except end game placer since it ended at like 3 am for me
well if guys had the same access to sex they 'd be having it a lot which would probably spread a lot of stds and a lot of pregnancies would happen lol that 's if men are still more horny than women
mulle sanottiin vaan että psykologeilla on nyt mun yhteystiedot mutta en tiedä milloin ne ottaa muhun yhteyttä .
got every quality too long beard and love to travel stuff .
another comment came up with statistics about what were french people concerned with and this exact topic was 4th
you would think that but he can get away with it because there 's always enough boogeymen out to give the lnp a hand up .
examples include idiots driving a convoy to queensland those willing to commit an act of islamic terrorism folks with a lack of concern for chinese communism transgender women in sports smug electric car drivers liberal arts students black lives matters open borders refugee advocates no more medical freedom inject everyone and that 's just the surface .
if the labor party could distance themselves from everyone like this maybe they could get favourable coverage in the media and with voters .
it 's a dumb idea bc it will incentives more dangerous crossings .
there is a bunch of cheerfully colored plastic bits though !
if you think this post is funny upvote this comment !
if you think this post is unfunny downvote this comment !
kevin would also like to remind you that if you 're really desperate youtube-dl can be used to download videos from reddit .
whilst you 're here fexilerator why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/qpbgxd2guu ?
its still 70k starting for a fancy pick up when all i want is a pick up i can plug in at night fanciness not required .
if rivian sold at al realistic price id be all over it .
think they 'd be open to you asking them to join in ?
for the time being ... ghost her ... block her ... and never answer the door for her .
if she picks the behavior up or contacts you in a few months in some way and there is an actual baby and she claims the baby is yours .
until then you do n't owe this psycho anything and do n't get involved in these games .
restraining order if she continues currently and keep a record of anything she does
the museum recommends taking to fairfax connector bus no .
he answered word for word and it looks like you 're the butthurt one
i do n't for a minute believe the statistics of the idf in these matters .
if they wish to make a point they need to show commitment to independent investigations into all killings israeli and palestinian .
a quick look into outside coverage of something like settler attacks reveals info that something like above 90 of them do n't result in charges brought .
a deeper look speaks on how difficult these things are to report as areas in the west bank are n't crawling with reporting options .
meaning that the number of these attacks could be much higher the same way sexual assault and rape is thought to be in the usa .
it 's things like that where you learn the narrative of israel self defending itself in all situations is a boldfaced lie .
if israel was serious in affirming it 's narrative it would not direct attacks on third party monitors as anti-semitic '' yet does so to maintain a positive image with it 's partner america .
from the depths of hell in silence cast their spells explosive violence .
😂 when i went to bed my diaper was still a lil bit wet .
hopefully he gets back in form with after handling his future now .
and most importantly i hope he retires with us and never joins another club .
am i right i 'm assuming doctor who has turned into a gigantic pile of ass ?
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asshole if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm available to trade whenever but i 'd want some time to hatch a couple pokemons before as a thank you
you just always have to cheer against mahomes because of his wife/brother .
yeah but he looks really good in those shirtless pics sooo
i feel certain that they know that it came from that house and not other remote users .
social media companies in the us have provided this info to le and its probably one of the things they 're confirming about yubo in france as we speak .
the questions they asked kak were always about people who could have been in physical possession of his devices because they know he was n't giving or selling his login info to other people .
does n't mention that every post also used the n-word quite liberally .
luckily his political career is dead unless he wants to run for office as a republican .
addressing someone directly like this regardless of gender would make you sound like a non-native speaker .
the only two ways i 've heard this as a form of direct address as a native english speaker are
it sounds odd but jj mccullough and abbie emmons do it for people who want to see examples
2 middle eastern merchant-type characters addressing potential customers in cartoons .
i enjoyed them but at first my reaction was what the hell is that going on .
give me another month or so i have to go a few times sober .
my xt is currently cover-less for the timing belt .
unless a large chuck of road debris or something else is caught in there .
but that tiny hole wo n't get any debris that matters .
for sure and they made piles of them so they are still pretty easy to get ahold of and with the right furniture they can look as scary as any black gun it 's my go to weapon when people say we should ban assault rifles .
they look like a hunting rifle in wood cloths and an assault rifle when dressed in black .
please return the favor on some recent posts of mine !
human chain 's already been taken i forgot to remove that i 'm sorry !
but kaleidoscope is definitely going to you once all tamed !
there used to be like a dozen red squirrels in the metro area ... then around 2011 or so most of them closed up except the queensgate location .
the family that owned a handful of locations and a few skylines filed bankruptcy .
the tri county location re-branded as a blue ash chili .
hahaha this is a crazy virus ... check out this painting .
that was so random ... he 's like whatever !
i 've only seen this icon for less than a minute and i trust it wholeheartedly with my company 's credit card
this is the 24th time astolfo has been set ablaze by sundowner this week rookie numbers
the thing is you have n't avoided conflict it 's just moved from interpersonal to just within ms. g. maybe she grew up with weird food rules maybe she has a binge eating disorder maybe she 's just not socially savvy .
asking her to stop eating your food would have been the kind thing instead you 've ostracized her and she 's upset to the point she went to your boss .
went for contact but somehow avoided everyone and just fell
please return the favor on some of my posts ?
the last picture from left to right are pong krell from the z-95 headhunter set 75004 bastila shan from the republic striker-class starfighter set 9497 and darth malgus from the sith fury-class interceptor set 9500
if i 'm going out with friends i wear a t-shirt with puffy shoulders black mini-skirt with studded belt and white leggings spiked choker and bracelets horde hairpin
ace race i love you i love you fuck me ! i hate you we 're getting divorced fuck you ! ace race let 's have kids !
focus on companies that couldnt afford fleets of their own but couldnt utilize the services of lalamove .
lol yuck my work paid us triple time and a half and i still could n't get enough people to come in
the most drop dead gorgeous girl on this entire app
i have a pack of seven and use them once and wash after use .
they helped me out with a landlord discrimination case .
in the end i decided not to sue because it would n't have been worth the time and money but their advice was really helpful .
she is fine with us being friends but has noted that she seems needy .
yeah there was a lot of hot takes saying montreal does better against teams like tampa and that was well yeah a hot take
ang problema if bbm does win i can not think of anyone who can challenge sara next election cycle .
wait explain how you 're shaving the corners of ur mouth
the only way to free russia is to get rid of putin and his corrupt sycophants
if someone said yo to me i would unmatch but maybe she had a bad day lmao
great episode of winning time overall excellent but i 'm severely disappointed with the characterization and casting of larry .
bro was an intimidating figure because he was a calm and seemingly chill personality no matter that he was super competitive in private what made him feared is that he was a silent power .
they made him a spoiled brat that 's easy to root against like a mid 2000s teen comedy bully villian .
and the actor with all due respect is forgettable this is larry fucking bird we 're talking about make me worry for magic that his foe is a force to reckon with .
love the slow burn of pat becoming coach reilly .
edit magic fucking cookie 's friend after seemingly barely speaking with her was out of line lol
it is time consuming but i 've done the default scheme in the past and it just looks dull .
plus i 'm probably not getting back into the tabletop
the level 10 classes at 10 fitness were amazing for me .
they usually have 4-8 people in them so you get the motivation/encouragement of being with others with the smaller group so the coach can help you .
i did n't get the personal training but because those classes are taught by the same few coaches it had a lot of the benefits of personal training without the cost .
the people who coach that class are certified personal trainers .
other group exercise classes are n't as focused as these workouts .
i love 10 fitness especially the rodney parham location .
perfect balance of people who do seriously care about their health and well being a step above pf while also being regular people not gym rats .
yes alex at rp is super cool too i will agree .
i noticed he almost always makes a comment/joke about politics in some sort of way so i never thought too much of him comedically .
an absolute shame to think about what he did considering how he fucked over matt already with the van
and oh same i 'm here for you people 😘
i think the pools were declared way back in feb during the proposal
1 of your last 2 comments c submissions s have been removed .
i 'm a bot that detects shadowbans and removed comments/submissions .
i should have a fairly comfortable retirement i imagine in 4 years .
so i put up with a dead bedroom and a bunch of other stuff .
if it were n't for my religious beliefs i would have sex with another woman .
if sex is not important to the spouse then sex is not important to them either with them or with another .
record a conversation with the spouse about this before cheating so you can have your kids listen to them if you ever get caught .
talk with an attorney to see how to document it ?
my feelings have been so damaged i look at her and do n't feel much of anything .
i hug her and tell her i love her but feel nothing inside right now .
over 30 years of starvation sex or social security sex enough to live on but just barely and not enjoyably
it 's abstract waves out on the water on a sunny day .
in other words lorazepam is half the potency of alp .
it 's a category on fantrax so i 'm not the first person to think of it .
just trying to solve the quality starts vs wins debate .
it 's all about why which we do n't know .
just like i do n't why strong sexual sensations happen to me .
you know how hard it is to get a ventilator out and then put it back in ?
nah they 'll just sit around for a few hours and talk about forming a band without having the motivation to do it .
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
rule 4 your post has been removed due to containing nsfw political and/or offensive content .
these types of content are not permitted on this subreddit .
your post was removed manually by a human but this comment was made by a bot .
if you have any questions please do not hesitate to message the mods .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/blursedimages subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/blursedimages/comments/u3rpbe 0d 0d
homer is absolutely worth visiting fun little town surrounded by amazing scenery .
check out kachemak bay state park for great hiking .
great food in that town too if you get sick of camping food .
hope is a very cute little spot on the kenai there is a campground there recommend if you are looking for camping spots in kenai .
whittier is super weird and not a pleasant drive got ta time the tunnels right but worth it if you are going to do a glacier boat tour .
although you can do a very nice glacier tour from seward as well .
i personally like anchorage rent a bike and take it along the coastal trail for great views .
this could be for a number of reasons most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right .
in most of these cases the computer is right and we will not overturn its decision .
if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong .
if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning we will ignore you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askmen if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're telling me beards and weed do n't fix the underlying problems and dynamics within the army ? ! ?
yup and she still crosses my mind a lot even though i 'm in a serious relationship with someone else now .
also one of my favorite songs on the american idiot album lol
at the start have like 10 or so battle droids out in the open with a clearly-marked captain the team can shoot to send the rest into disarray .
as things go on keep it roughly that number of battle droids but add increasing complications from terrain to cover to vantage points to hazards etc .
as well every couple of fights have it step up a little by including 2-3 specialist types starting with the beefier super battle droids then maybe a couple of commandos who can flank and close distance and do other nasty tricks then up to the droidekas with shields .
more than 15 or so just slogs things down and makes it a hassle and needless risk .
larger or much larger groups of bad guys are better represented with waves or as environmental dangers .
as well armor-type droids and tanks and flying fortress platforms are good to sprinkle in to highlight important fights and hero '' bad guys who need special protection or an excuse for why the heroes did n't kill them this time .
i do n't think i 've ever seen this team to create dangerous chances this easily
was n't this when they were shooting at the wrestling school and had barely any of their roster available ?
at that point the booking was you 're here have a match .
i feel when people use this phrase they mean refuse to work .
the phrase implies she 's at a loss on as why this happens .
at 24 years young as they might be your clearly a lazy p.o.s .
i 'm also a dad playing through this game .
i 've played many fromsoftware games before the great daddening and they 're usually incredible time sinks .
this one is too but i think it 's easier to make progress in smaller windows of time than previous titles .
i 've been treating it more like a fighting game where i just beat my head against a boss for thirty minutes most nights .
on the second or third night i 'll usually take the boss out in the first few tries .
then i have some time to find my next fight .
a nice thing that may not be obvious is that you can quit out to the main menu pretty much anywhere .
then when you load the game up you 'll be in the middle of whatever dungeon you quit out .
also consulting the wiki can save you a ton of time when you get stuck .
though the girls may leave you with so little time you 'd rather just game instead of reading about gaming haha .
to be fair we did n't trade very valueable assets for kp .
edit downvoting does not make what i said less true nor does it invalidate the many sources i 've listed below lol .
it 's not true and the commenter above has stated absolute untruths .
india had a law criminalizing pedophilia in 2012 pocso and the supreme court still refused to decriminalize homosexuality in 2013 .
new delhi 's high court decriminalized homosexuality among consenting adults in 2009 only to be later overturned by the country 's supreme court in 2013 following appeals from religious groups .
the top court had then observed that less than 200 people were prosecuted in over 150 years for committing an offense under the section .
the high court ruling in 2009 only applied to one region delhi .
until the supreme court reversed it 's decision in 2018 it was still illegal in the rest of india .
in fact other high courts still enforced the ban on homosexuality because they were not bound by the delhi decision .
as a bonus the current government of india led by the bjp political party of right wing hindus had instructed their lawyer not to support decriminalization but the court did it anyway .
so now they are opposing gay marriage in court .
yeah sure but then like a decade later there 's superheroes everywhere doing all sorts of crazy shit .
west plains here got mine last week ... no obstructions pretty satisfied .
seems like speeds and latency are about twice as bad at high use hours of the day .
hope elon has a plan for this issue with an increasing number of users in the area every day .
i 'm from the western park of the us moving to ct in 2 months .
i figured i would be driving to ny or maine .
i do n't mind driving several hours to a trailhead and im happy with overnighters but prefer 3-6 nights which i did n't think i 'd really get out there
what russia does to belarus china wants to do to russia .
i 'm not looking for a relationship just normal conversation hey what 's did you hear iron maiden has a new album or i 'm not eating b-dubs anymore the waitress was wicked rude how 's your day going mines hell i wan na quit this job that kind stuff just normal conversations
neither me or my missus have ever been given anything by our families and that includes support .
we 've done everything ourself so the children will certainly not be given everything although will be given a shitload more than us .
house prices are already half a million for a 2 bed house here though so my aim is to definitely help them the only reason i 'm buying now is to give them something when we go .
i must have missed in the screenshot where maia said everyone go message them ! .
people have minds actions of their own maia is n't the all powerful forcer of peoples actions especially when she never said for people to dm them .
anyway if that person gets their dm 's blown up they asked for it they deserve it .
beautiful shape of head your eyes definitely awesome color but a little sadness i ca n't explain why .
you 're 7/10 on my measurements it means that i would definitely date you swipe right on tinder .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/oldschoolcelebs if you have any questions or concerns .
relatively recently i 've started to open up more and disregard public opinions on whats socially acceptable .
i like what i like which is all that matters .
i do n't often take out my lighter anyway so i doubt it 'd ever been seen by many people .
i 've fiddled around with an idea of a custom one for awhile .
stuck out to me right away mac is definitely bigger than polo pan at least maybe a little more established than mitski ?
sucks to see his last album be the cowboy seems to have stagnated his trajectory .
has nothing to do with card used for booking only that you have a card with a free bag perk linked to your ap account
upvoted you can you return on a post or two ?
mmmmm niiiiiiiice stuff that i see you have sexy milf .
the guy mentioned above was being an idiot if i remember currently and apologize if i am not correct .
iirc he was seen flying only a few dozen feet above the water and maybe flying under bridges though again maybe i misremember that ? .
the article above even has a tweet where he compared it to a fighter jet .
i do n't think we 'll make an offer on it .
i have small children and there 's some work that i 'd have to do to the home .
it 's in great shape but i 'd rather move into a home without little kids running around when i was trying to do sone things to fix it up .
i 'm really not much of a fan of the current logo so i 'm happy to see what 's next .
rule number 1 of keeping blood do n't lose the fight over it .
can i not offer for a pet i like u tosser
are there even any vets that stayed in og 's instead of moving to huzzah
you could set up a label '' if it 's a specific user/email you 're always looking for .
if you 're feeling lazy you can hit the show search options '' on the right of the search bar and use the from/to lines
i just watched this for the first time on sunday .
i 'm sorry you 've dealt with it too .
some of these comments are triggering for me as the spouse i ca n't imagine how poor op feels .
thanks for putting into words what i ca n't .
man if you think that 's bad wait til you hear what italy was like a little over a decade before this picture was taken !
he represents the top tier of drug dealers who have insulated themselves so far from the daily operation they have very little to fear from daily distruptions because almost no one knows who they are .
these days i 've been rereading mike 's articles and they are clairevoyant ...
i do n't understand why he do n't take sides with bsv same with gavin .
cool beat would describe it as more evocative and almost suspenseful than fun and upbeat though but cool nonetheless
a few aquilas and your good to go though personally i love the scrappy look of them as they are
if i had to guess i 'd say that 90 of men that i see on a daily basis are well-groomed shaved face or beards that are trimmed or maintained with some care and not dressed in their pajamas .
this was even true when i was in college for computer science which you would expect to be full of the cave goblins that you 're saying most men look like .
as i 've gotten older 27 i 've noticed a lot of people around my age are getting more and more out of shape so maybe there 's a point there .
however 90 of men look fine and if they 're virgins it is n't because of their looks .
in all likelihood it 's probably just social anxiety that they 've developed because they spend more time online than they should .
i am starting to read dragon ball on my kindle paperwhite 10 gen and although the screen is small it is acceptable especially if you use the horizontal reading mode it cuts the image in two .
my recommendation is to combine the images into a pdf file and upload it via usb cable .
because hollywood is beating the crap out of kevin sorbo 's career for being a pretentious holier than thou asshole .
we 've got some hot flair right out of the oven !
and then ya eat till your sick and gota sleep it off and completely miss being stoned the real dangers of marihuana
it 's the corrupt government system and some people who support it
the government commits imperialistic crimes because that 's what people are used to and they want it .
i literally live here and you have some biased newspapers .
i do n't think you even comprehend what freedom of the media is ...
blaming the majority for their complicit behavior is entirely rational .
using the term for the entire nation for the actions of the majority is entirely rational .
ironically you 're the type of person who 'd support putin if you were born in russia .
yet ironically you are the one defending the crimes of russians and i am calling you out for that .
this is going to make me sound stupid here .
trying to remember when the 2nd time for jamie happened .
would the second one be when he got with geneva because she threatened him and he was n't very interested ?
if you do a rewatch and only watch her you see a lot more too .
when she tells jimmy in bed about chuck going back to look at the tape from the copy store .
it 's pretty tough but can be done with a coordinated team .
i purposely go to rr with my commando and insta kill the ghouls with gun fu for giggles now
my guess would be the seized the only breakthrough they manged even if it is gon na cost them a lot .
9th may is calling so results have to be achieved quickly .
your post has been removed for breaking rule 0 https www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules/rule0 .
there have been many past threads on this topic that can be found by using the search feature of reddit .
click here https www.reddit.com/r/fitness/search ? q restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on to be taken to the search page for r/fitness and find past threads about your question .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitness if you have any questions or concerns .
sharp is the only thing i watch now on there !
even yuri is starting to annoy me now lol he was good in small doses
fat tory frank clapping them down to the championship a beautiful sight
it could be anything but it 's got to be something !
that said it looks to be lost wax casting to me too .
technically you 're in the fast lane dude.. left lane is carpool and you should keep up with the traffic in front of you or use a different lane .
i would argue that your driving habits could potentially cause an accident by people safely driving or not trying to get around you .
i love that you used the word canon for a religion .
orcas are one of the only other mammal that kill for sport aside from humans
seeing what he did to the moon ... yeah he 'd probably lift the world
totally get what you 're saying but got ta disagree .
i know he got to semis and played a tight 5 setter vs tsitsipas .
still imo he 's 3rd favourite after novak and rafa ... and if they 're not in good shape then even higher .
hey if you improve your windows skills it will help your linux integrations .
i 'm a linux admin by profession and i learned so much working with our windows group .
i had to envisioned them as these snakey sort of entities .
i figure it is a a part of our consciousness we should be aware of .
istvaan 3 was meant to be one however due to saul tarvitz 's actions followed shortly by angron doing a leeroy jenkins after finding out there were surviving astartes to be mopped up the whole thing degenerated into a months long slugfest
steve promises them that they 'll get her back they just need to get faster travel .
still wip obviously but you can take a look at it https steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=2799212322
i know what the term toxic masculinity meant when it first was coined and it 's a valid concept .
but that 's not the way the term is used anymore .
why use it a term that we know hurts people when we can use hegemonic masculinity instead ?
have you ever forgot that you did n't have underwear on ?
if it were as easy as you claim millions would already be growing their own .
i have been connected to the business for fifty years .
it is far too difficult and impractical for the vast majority of canadians who do not grow it otherwise i am sure they would .
that is why there was a burgeoning illicit market and why the corps are trying to get their greedy hands on the market now .
i am simply expressing reality you are peddling nonsense .
genetics from reliable sources ... ha ha ha do n't make me laugh .
when posting to contamfam you must adhere to the posting requirements in your post title or comments .
name the species/strain of mushroom you are cultivating the date you transferred and what your concerned about at the very minimum .
failure to provide this minimum information may result in no response from the moderator team .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/contamfam if you have any questions or concerns .
for the posters its definitely just a project thing .
one project can have godly posters followed by another project with lame posters then another project with great posters
its entirely based on the specific project and how much the people involved care
the next place is under the church you find seigward
you have to get to the end of episode vi or the middle ish of episode vii
not im talking about the underground facility near to yalga
what does the gif have to do with the caption ?
sold off my collection a couple years ago but kept a few things from childhood/teenage years .
i have a cib copy of chrono trigger ds with the poster/map that came with it as well as a loose copy of pokemon emerald .
emerald was bought for me by my great-grandmother and chrono trigger by my mum so they both hold sentimental value to me above all else .
have n't looked up the prices for either in a few months but the last time i saw the value for chrono trigger was at a local retro game store for 150 cad .
emerald i do n't dare look up because it 's pokemon and they usually sell for a premium .
to learn more about verification or to verify please read how to get verified https www.reddit.com/r/averagepenis/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/averagepenis if you have any questions or concerns .
wtf do you think would happen if you got rid of tipping .
1. i dont fuck anyone until i know a relationship can happen and a monogamous man around my age does n't really exist so i guess i 'll stay celibate
lemongrass went downhill the moment they remodeled into a fancy '' restaurant .
when they were a hole in the wall with six tables and thai pop concerts on dvd playing there was no place better .
now it 's just like any other upscale asian restaurant .
to learn more about verification or to verify please read how to get verified https www.reddit.com/r/averagepenis/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/averagepenis if you have any questions or concerns .
do n't have to deal with this automod comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hotmoms if you have any questions or concerns .
this is a reminder to those commenting on this post not the person that posted it comments not related to woodworking will be removed .
violations to rule 1 including crude jokes innuendo sexist remarks politics or hate speech may result in an immediate ban
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/woodworking if you have any questions or concerns .
it 'll be interesting to see what australia does with its aid money now .
am i having a stroke or is this guy saying that dan snyder owns a team in either la or ny .
i 'll have you know he 's the dmvs pride and joy of all genuine pos 's in our happy region
if you are serious about starting something new i think you might be a decent fit for an apprenticeship in business especially import/export .
look into the apprenticeship kaufmann/-frau im groß-und aussenhandel fachrichtung aussenhandel '' alternatively fremdsprachenkorrespondent '' challenge with the latter is that you are taught in german .
it 's all music transcends language ... until they sing in a language you dont want lol .
which she maxed from level 1 and built full ap ?
she was fully a champion '' at level 9 ?
how is that same thing as corki or kaisa who need to deviate their build path and can not max their poke ability as the primary spell and as a result need a lot more time to get online and do not do any sort of significant poke damage before that point ?
corki r has the red rockets which are the actual ones that do massive damage .
for corki answer is when your ammo is limited and you have red rocket next but unsure whether you can 100 hit enemy .
you do n't spam it as much as nidalee spear .
even current poke nerfed nidalee '' as you say spams more q 's compared to corki r 's .
kaisa w is not an ability until 1.5 ap items atleast .
which is a total of 2.5 items excluding boots .
if she is mid your jungler should perma try to kill her since she is not strong enough to 1v2 or win 2v2 's until she gets items and levels .
also kaisa w is easier to dodge since she herself has no way to guarentee hit unlike zoe e q for example .
if you have vision of kaisa releasing her w you should most certainly be able to dodge it .
show me a clip of nidalee from any season and kaisa/corki doing similar amount of damage from their poke abilities .
nidalee and kaisa/corki should be same level around same ingame time and equally fed/not fed .
this should be on or before level 9 since nidalee finishes her poke ability max by level 9 .
if you can prove this i will gladly accept that poke kaisa and corki '' are unhealthy for the game .
cheating on your diet once even for an entire week is n't that big of a deal .
get back on track and it 'll be gone before you know it
man vermutet den kommandobunker irgendwo in der gegend von ufa .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/vexillologycirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
sounds like they are losing distributors in specific areas .
making it sound like there is any value in the membership beyond the alcohol delivery .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
every once in a while when i feel that life has a meaning and i have a purpose the space turtle smacks some sense into me
while you 're not wrong it 's still leaps and bounds better than indy .
depends on how close your world is to real life .
if your story takes place in an underwater world than you could describe them eating tentacles and crustaceans .
if they live in a medieval type fantasy you can research common dishes .
if you have creatures called kijo 's in your story you could describe roasted kijo maybe the color of the meat how it smells .
you can also just describe a table holding a feast large portions etc without going into detail .
'it is what it is ' is probably a better reply p
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
may depend where you live where work is located .
in many states you can sign a waiver saying you voluntarily give up paid breaks in order to leave earlier .
and in some states you can only waive the break if you work six hours or less and are in the food service industry .
a '' 30 minute mental break '' however would likely still count as a lunch break whether or not you eat any food .
sometimes you get two 15 minute breaks in addition to a lunch break .
i think bigotry is countered by exprince and not by knowledge .
if you talk to like 20 jews like these two talked in the interview i doubt you can be antisemtic after that
since you already know about the cage then figure out your bedding and get it ready .
will your dad have time to build it prior to the piggy 's arrival ?
you could get some fencing pieces from a pet store to create a temporary cage put down a shower curtain liner to protect your floors then some puppy training pads and then you can put down towels/blankets to act as bedding keep in mind that the puppy pads may shift a bit so you may need to tape them together at the edges/underneath .
i still kinda do n't get it because at some level like in op 's case there 's the risk of punishing the borderline cases but i do understand that in a math class or similar you need to make sure all the passengers are aboard before you leave the station
the neurological matrix as well has a 4th dimension not time feel to it
next kerri tranos colby move is to release the girls from voss management
nothing too much happening just guys pulling each others legs and making fun laughing .
at one point kuldeep brings up the fact that this rohit guy said since virat is not in form bench him '' and the are all laughing about it that 's all
my girlfriend worked at a chevron in a small coastal town .
the owners would spend all day micromanaging via camera .
if a worker made even a minor mistake the phone would ring and the owners would bitch over the phone .
the owners lived somewhere else and when they came to town for whatever they 'd stay at the motel across the street in a room that had a direct view of the gas station and they 'd micromanage from there .
workers were absolutely forbidden from leaving the premesis during breaks or lunch and they were absolutely not allowed to smoke at all during shift even on breaks .
and then the owners had to sell the place because nobody in that town would work for them and they sure as hell had no idea how to do any of the things at that gas station .
i have upvoted you can you please return the favor on my top posts ?
imo you look like one of those top newcomers on models.com https models.com
your submission was automatically removed because redgifs.com is not an approved site .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/aa_cups if you have any questions or concerns .
as someone who 's live in se asia and having read the comments i thought some of you may be interested to know that person in the video is likely not a ‘she ' by birth .
i am not saying this definitively but my radar is flashing .
it 's a turn of phrase that also means to pinpoint or identify
you can use hvac tape also known as cold weather tape .
the foil reflects and can be detected best on a sunny day .
however this will not work if you 're at an indoor range .
what we actually used was hand warmers hot hands .
we got a 12”x12 cardboard box cut a 1 square in the center and taped the hot hands to the back side of the cardboard .
will get bought by air b b and rented at a ridiculous price .
try to move more of the oil to the wick then wait a good hour for it to soak
just fake titties number 4 from plastic surgeon menu .
you guys should seriously smear all of them with their words .
was n't being a russian and a commie bad just a couple of presidents ago ?
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post can not have first person pronouns i me my etc
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
'mistweaver wo n't die through life cocoon now rest is ucnahnged . '
do you know what a dh and dk do to life cocoon ?
you 'd be lucky it lasts 3 seconds post buff hahah
here 's a sneak peek of r/fuckthes using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/fuckthes/top ? sort=top t=year of the year !
1 we need to salute those who die by poe 's law .
2 i ca n't say i expect much from twitter https i.redd.it/qzct4wpc6p271.png 34 comments https np.reddit.com/r/fuckthes/comments/nvy6h9/i_cant_say_i_expect_much_from_twitter
so with fer you will make the most money quickly i 've always been into that but i think i prefer t.a since it 's quicker to get promoted on and the technology you gain is nice .
i 'm currently outer colonies it 's simpler and i consider it the games easy mode cuz the t.a fights fer before you can reach them and you can just hide since no agro really is on you besides fighters .
i enjoy creating my own faction and hope one day you can do like politics and wage large wars over time .
recently watched the film for the first time its now my favourite
hello your post has been automatically removed because your account is less than seven days old or you have not met the total combined karma of 10 points .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
a conspiracy theory is just a theory not supported by the main street media ... so there 's lots of conspiracy's because the media controls the narrative it should instead be called alternative theories
lol never forget when they blocked people from trading gamestop shares during the melvin capital short squeeze .
are they putting these up in one specific area or are they trying to get a message across the whole state ?
i made terrible experiences with topping layers because it 's very hard to judge the humidity below .
they can look perfectly dry on the surface and completely rotten wet roots below .
i 'd ditch that and go with a mineral medium like pumice .
it 's a lot easier on the roots and can stay wet without causing rot .
the crest already looks a bit roughed up so it 's really important that it gets plenty of sun water and fertilizer in summer .
a squirrel eating meat seems so wrong but then i remembered that in russia a bunch of squrriels ate a dog alive so .
organize and everyone call out they ca n't fire all of you .
you 're incorrect he is a co-founder of paypal founded spacex and bought tesla which he and his staff developed to what it is today .
they kept us covid zero until we could all get vaccinated .
not the hero we wanted but by god is he the one we needed !
first seen here https redd.it/qugwgj on 2021-11-15 95.31 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' ucpb7g '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=ucpb7g samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
all posts must include your age in the title before we can post them on r/selfies .
this post we did n't see your age in the title so we removed it .
the bad news on reddit you ca n't edit the title of a post so this post ca n't be saved .
you can however make a new post that includes your age in the title .
if you are over 18 and do n't want to put that exact number do n't worry over 18 '' is just fine but you have to have some age in there before your post will go up on our wall .
now if you think this is a pain and why do you have to do this it 's because you are n't verified here at r/selfie .
when a user verifies with us we set the over or under 18 flair for them and they never have to put their age in a title again .
this could be your life if you 're interested .
just see our wiki on verification and you 'll have spiffy new flair in no time !
thank you for being a part of the r/selfie community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
i think this maybe more complicated than what i 'm looking for .
i basically just want it to act as if i unplugged one gpu and plugged in the other .
oh yeah i 've had my share of shot gun greetings delivering the holiday spirit .
the adrenaline really warms you up for a minute or two so i ca n't complain 🙃
however if you move to fürth better not mention that right away to the people in nuremberg ...
you obviously do n't understand liquor laws and the risks to the restaurant were if they had n't done what they had done .
they could have lost their liquor license if they had done what op wanted .
the only person here on a power trip is op .
check if the seller has an l2 creator tag !
it is also of high recommendation to do your own research .
be mindful of your transactions and beware of scammers .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/loopringartists if you have any questions or concerns .
this would have been in eleanors house in the fake good place
these should load faster but amp is controversial because of concerns over privacy and the open web https www.reddit.com/r/amputatorbot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot .
maybe check out the canonical page instead https www.aljazeera.com/news/2022/4/12/us-monitoring-rise-in-human-rights-abuses-in-india-blinken https www.aljazeera.com/news/2022/4/12/us-monitoring-rise-in-human-rights-abuses-in-india-blinken
well i would say give them time to evolve and then we can see the next crypto-com in the making and better since they promise banking services ... so lets wait and see what time brings .
but regarding the price now is the time to get in if you have n't bagged them already ... buy when high sell when low right p ?
i got 2 4 rovellas which is fitting considering the banner character
for reference i have a 5950x strix 3090 oc 32gb ram etc and get about 50fps in cities at 4k
people often hold up kitchen confidential as the greatest chef memoir but for me pepin 's the apprentice '' takes the cake .
yeat is defenitly influential but ion know about top 3 rn
just wondering i saw multiple videos like this i 'm assuming it 's the quarantine dudes but why would they record their own shit or maybe a person but they do n't seem too concerned about them
people conflate their dumb take being downvoted with their opinion running against the majority of the sub .
the recent conflict has shown the soviet turrets need to go much much higher .
discussion of exploits glitches or other terms of service tos violations are not allowed here .
posts which explain how to do them or encourage others to engage in an activity that could cause them to be banned will likely result in an immediate permanent ban .
low quality posting is a violation of the rules and may result in escalating bans .
attempts to inappropriately evade filters will result in an immediate permanent ban .
which app you use to show driver name on top of the car ?
there would be no wars if every gal was like this .
i dont even think its fair to say we are unvaccinated .
i sure have n't heard anything about people getting thr flu anymore.. 👀
wait till you hear what turning japanese by the vapours is really about ... .
those jet engines they used at the end of the war though .
i new a girl who thought honey was made by squeezing '' bees asin ringing them out like damp kitchen roll .
worst thing is she said this a good 10 years after leaving school .
i 'll swap out the first shot of him getting a bit too far to the right especially as that 's a first reaction .
i 'm a bit confused what you mean by i line flops is it what the other guy said ?
because if so there 's no eyes seen at 18-19 .
i 'll see what i can do about the looking into the lens .
cheers for this it should make the reel a fair bit better .
if i have to hear car-keev one more time i am going to lose it .
the name it was given after the turks annexed it
hatay became an independent republic and then joined turkey by referendum .
i 'm at the fair right now and some of the welds on this stuff is terrifying .
there was some expanded metal that looked like it was held together with play dough .
who knew some of them vote or identify that way 🤔
especially on male-centric spaces on reddit i sometimes see men voicing a weird almost-sympathy to men who do n't want a traditional life .
like saying men who do n't want to be sole breadwinners with a stay-at-home wife are missing out '' .
i just ca n't personally fathom what i 'm missing out on .
having half the income of a household with two working partners ?
the stress of managing two peoples ' personal finances ?
having less spending money as a result of having to pay another person 's expenses ?
they did set unrealistic expectations though ... my daughter wanted to play penguins in the bathroom so bad .
i told her there is n't enough bleach in the world .
you should be giving her a free drink coupon for the inconvenience .
i tend to swap between these when i play wattson
i 've heard of it because family live nearby but surprised to see it here .
bds movement is often supported by palestinians abroad and yet it is being censored in many countries which is anti-democratic and against the freedom of speech .
these are not physical attacks but violation of human rights .
as for attacks against diaspora jews this is the only way to partially restrain against attacks against palestinians in the middle east .
yes i understand that one can not attack a civilian but the same can and should be said about israeli soldiers .
i ca n't even comprehend what 's going on fully .
maybe it 's unaccounted for and they 're all terrified of catching covid to the point of murderous hysteria
stay at sylvan lake lodge in custer state park instead of the badlands or rapid city .
it 's the best part of the black hills and next to sylvan lake which is good for swimming and a small hike .
and on your way home drive over the beartooth highway and through north dakota overnighting in medora to check out teddy roosevelt np .
i love that we have depth on the team .
i do n't love when all of that depth is in the starting lineup one night .
if we could have 1 or 2 guys fill in every other day instead of 5 that would be great .
it does n't help when guys like candy and schoop are kept in the lineup so you 're fielding a team of essentially 7 cold hitters .
i have n't hit it that much but it is annoying when it comes up .
i tend not to scoop if i know i 've lost but go quickly so if the other person is also getting their daily quest stuff in they can get that likewise trying to do anything i can for that quickly before moving on .
but if their win is assured and going to take forever i prefer to get on to the next match .
do you know a quick way i can get some
i am looking forward to material prices dropping in my ridiculously inflated server .
yis pwese 3 nods my head and hugs your legs with my paws
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
there was no ripping the skin open looks like pores were emptied and they were very gentle .
i feel like other videos do more harm than good
i 'm sure some have at some point but you never hear about it but you wan na know why you hear about pit bulls more often and this prejudice narrative about them ?
because they 're typically associated with having black owners and america is an extremely racist country
and if someone was breaking into a black person 's car or home i 'd call the cops .
they 've been mentioned already but top 3 is definitely elise volibear and ekko .
other than those 3 i would suggest lee sin elite mobility zac passive and vi ult/q
can you provide any details on the program do you have a github ?
i do n't think there 's any other way i would be able to with how goddamn sexy you are and if it makes you milk more all the better 🔥
i do n't care how long it takes i 'll get every last drop
attractiveness has to do with so many other features that one aspect such as a few extra pounds or some spots for being a little on the short side or whatever we tend to fixate on is not the determining factor .
and believe me we do all have those things we think are standing in our way but nobody else really even
your brother mentioned your acne because he knows it 's a pressure point for you that he can poke at .
do n't give him the power of letting him get at you with it because there is so much more to you than that .
there 's so much more to all of us than our perceived flaws .
both of his parents a turkish but they gave him a german first name so he could better integrate here i 'm from austria .
so he 's a manuel but with a turkish surname
and you spray foam on light fixtures exhaust fans etc ?
only thing that could ruin this is if/when we go to extras and have that stupid runner on 2nd .
you would be certifiably insane if you wanted to spend time with him .
who in their right mind would want to be around this toxic person ?
get away from him as soon as you can go no contact and block him .
holes were made a relatively standard size to fit the windows .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
why would they keep a post about how much people hate a subreddit ?
why are people that hate this subreddit still continuing to post on this subreddit ?
look mods are allowed to delete/ban any post they believe does not belong in the sub if you do n't like it who cares ?
why do you feel the need to put any thought and effort into what the mods do ?
move on keep the subreddit for genuine interest and fun keep the toxicity out
there is no song so imma just say a rock
we have no music you can understand all we have is a national anthem
this sub is mostly comprised of the 19 year olds who put acab in their tinder profiles and have little to no responsibility .
pulling over somewhere safe got me out of a ticket once lights went on at the start of a skyway .
i did n't feel safe pulling over did the long drive over the bridge then pulled over .
with a smile on my face and love in my heart bless
i was n't able to either but lately i 've been replaying iceberg lounge with him and he 's really fun to me once i figured out his move-set .
i never said anything about being a slave at your job .
literally your entire existence revolves around pleasing everyone else but yourself .
hopefully one day you will because it is what life is about .
life as a human is about fulfilling your survival requirements and finding happiness and a sense of purpose .
it is not a defined variable of you must do x to really live . ''
others are happy and complete playing games all day .
but to tell me that your life is the end-goal ?
you 're wrong to assume that 's what it 's about . ''
i hope i do n't experience what you did one day .
i think having a family locks you into a life of desperate servitude where you lose the freedom and autonomy to do the things that please you because humans rely on you .
to me it sounds like you listened more to society 's expectations than your own ambitions .
hope this revives the almost lost art of speech making ala ninoy diokno even macoy sorry not bovoism ni garantadon .
i typically find leasing is more expensive than buying even over shorter terms .
if you assume your vehicle is worth 60k new based on various depreciation curves you can compute cost of ownership .
if you aggressively assume that your vehicle will depreciate 50 in 4 years that 's 30k cost of ownership over 4 years which is 625 month .
obviously you would need to consider miles driven maint .
costs and if you actually have the capital to pay off the car .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
please note if you are trying to transcribe on reddit mobile you will not be able to copy/paste this footer .
please switch to your mobile browser and copy the footer to a note file on your device .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
i 've known of the new phat tire shop being in the works but did n't know about shredders !
now if bv could attract a craft coffee joint we 're talking .
round 1 as a cook who works with eggs ...
eggs are nasty little bastards before they get cooked .
filled with all the sorts of crap that makes you have to change gloves every fucking time you make an order or two .
of the planet means most life barring marine life maybe dies pretty quickly .
three full days means in my opinion the amount of eggs makes sure everyone and everything on land was/is drowning .
after the three days the rot will set in and it 'll finish off a lot of whoever in tall buildings was able to survive via suffocation from fumes .
humanity in the form of maybe 100,00 lowballing it for the amount of bomb shelters with reasonable sustainment and nuclear subs get accomplish could survive .
if world leadership figures out the problem even in this case this is a legitimate question clean up could be managed and you could have time to get as much of humanity moved to buildings and whatnot and the fallout would n't be as rough as fast .
theoretically humanity will do a lot better in this scenario .
edit round 3 apparently pickled eggs mean we 're also bad off but with the fun added bonus of foodborne botulism which is frankly terrifying .
i do n't have much experience with pickled eggs and i honestly after 10 minutes of research see little point .
at least 8mm is more readily available opposed to 7.7 jap .
how much did you pick it up for if i may ask ?
godsmack has a song about a guy who helped them get started then came crawling out of the woodwork to start demanding royalties when they got big .
my kiddos were all pre covid but our nicu rules were intense .
we are a level 3 nicu and the cuddlers go through intense screening and training .
i love castlevania and akumajou densetsu might be my favourite nes/famicom game of all .
but mega man might win just because of quantity of games .
i was never a big fan of ninja gaiden and i dislike castlevania ii so i guess it brings the trilogy down a notch for me .
trump illegally tried to stay in power through mob violence intimidation and conspiracy .
i think historically there have been quite a few moments when actions like these started something that otherwise would not have happened .
short term it‘s certainly more effective to get a message out .
how long that holds up for and if long lasting activism wouldn‘t be a better idea strictly speaking about influencing the public no clue .
though i personally think unless you‘re in a real no-way-out situation it‘s not a tool anyone should use or feel the need to use .
the dumbest fucking look on his face the whole time he 's doing it .
i think after you make it public and try to go private it just does n't go private .
a little bit of everything makeup definitely emphasizes the fem part though .
i grew up outside the city cause it was a shithole when i was a kid .
i inherited my gold oyster perpetual at a young age and had the pleasure of wearing it wherever i wanted between late giuliani admin and late diblasio .
it was a magical but only temporary cycle of lower crime .
your post has convinced me to go back to my old guarded ways that i was raised with in the 80s and 90s .
i 'm not gon na risk my life just to look flashy my ego wo n't be bruised just because i have to without wearing expensive jewelry .
yeah that was a huge knock against emma for me .
vic has way more bikini photos and she grew up in california so i am guessing permanently lasered .
she did n't commit suicide her death was more a by-product of saving fritz and yes isayama makes it very clear she was bound by her last effort save fritz and his last command work to constantly labour making titans bc he wanted too so that 's captive by her ideology until eren made her his own form of puppet just like zeke had which i think his point was good people will always be used and traumazed by those who believe they know what 's best for the world which brings us back to toxic ideology
she 's playing at first ave tomorrow though and i 'm pumped !
you seem to have taken my post to say literally the opposite of what it says .
r/onlyfans101 is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
just a little bit though only do a lot when you 're furious
can you please share the recipe and what kind of pan you used ?
read op post again you missed one word when quoting him that '' .
male lions that look subhuman '' i understand that it can be weird to use that specific adjective for an animal but it reads as male lions that are ugly ''
any time someone says tempo i get angry and spit on the ground !
i got ass packed by myatt snyder on the pace lap at dega or daytona do n't remember once and went on to win the race .
you roll that shit hilly ... who carries boards like that 🤨
i went on a p o cruise that was really good .
however it was in 2012 and their recent hiring practices leave something to be desired .
i remember it became garbage since it cant be repaired while flying now
i 'm a dynasty/rotk fan and it scratches the itch somewhat but not a great game by any means .
it 's fun if you are into the series tho
the buddha said that in the seen there is only the seen .
in other words the reason for you obsessing with your looks lies in the mind .
as long as you perceive joy and happiness to rely on external sources such as the opinions of others or in objectifying looks you will be unable to develop the more stable accepting and internal joy that is independent of external factors .
it 's for gems what did you want if for free ?
yeah true it can only work if the terrain is exactly like this .
although if a proper team of designers take this and mould it in different variants to fit in different terrains then it might work .
and coders can compile a situation where the world generator looks for certain kind of terrain and if the value is true to all the conditions it can generate the structure on a random basis .
he 's a well groomed husky boy so either he belongs to someone or is part of the gang there to rob your house of everything edible they could find .
there is currently a pvp night mode playlist for limited time until 3rd may it is only limited time because apparently the devs said it is only temporarily because of people abusing high gamma in the game-mode do n't know if that is really true cause that 's just a lame excuse
yeah that could happen but there is still the fact that wano is structured like and based on kabuki plays through many themes and if i 'm not mistaken they usually have 5 acts so there is always the undeniable possibility of one more act then the clean up/party/departure act .
on that note as well though there is no way an act 4 would ever be near as long as act 3 or wano would go on another 3 years at least which would n't be that great .
that does n't mean it will for sure happen though so i digress .
to each their own and they 'll reap what they sow but in my opinion the honorable thing for a mother to do is to give their life for the life of their child .
praktijk rijdt iedereen 120 als het niet harder is .
mega irritant dat 100 want de meeste rijden 80 of 120 .
i would but hillary keeps posting these pictures so ...
let 's not let her get away with this .
then you are fucking blind because i read this every five comments
most countries have a past of racism and slavery in their past but they would never talk about it .
yeah sure ours is more recent but to be fair we are much younger of a country than most of the europeans .
perhaps with chilean teams it 's not that common but with argentinians bolivians paraguyans and ecuadorians it happens almost any time that a brazilian team or supporter crowd with a single black person show up .
in usa racism was historically worse than anywhere in latam but nowadays it 's mostly frowned upon socially and black people there actually have better life standards than anywhere in latin america .
white americans that are not rednecks usually do n't tolerate this type of behaviour and in brazil if you call some alleatory black person a monkey it 's possible that even a white would beat you up on the streets .
do you think he has secured some funding to make such statement of action ?
tbh i have n't been bored numb watching the price go up on literally everything more like wondering how to make it to the next cry month .
there is a tiny home homeless village popping up right across that bridge by 2nd st. cob on wood and youth spirit arts also have tiny home villages for housing insecure people .
supporting projects like that is a good way to help .
i feel like the guitar riffs were coded to my dna .
love is not eyes that meet but souls that dance
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/yourrage/comments/ue4sr3/bro_what_nigga_is_doing_with_the_teacher 32 32
what cleaning steps have you tried to solve the flow problem ?
most of them connect and use your email account anyway .
if you send a handful of emails per day you probably do n't need to worry .
if you want to send hundreds of thousands daily then you need to consider the approach carefully and have the right tools .
elevates yuta ... puts him in multi man tags 3 weeks in a row
i called in for similar when i had a nursing desk job !
a job where there was no way even if i had made a mistake i could have actually harmed someone .
being exhausted is like being drunk and no one wants a drunk nurse !
i try to finish every novel i start and i 've been mostly successful 3 abandoned vs 46 rough drafts finished .
my method is simply to not allow myself to start the next thing i want to write until i 've completed the current one and as i always want to jump on the next shiny thing it 's very effective .
editing is a different matter—the vast majority of mine never get edited .
some are written purely for self indulgent fun and i never intend to edit them or let anyone else ever see them .
i have 4 that are completely edited 1 that 's in progress with editing and 3 that have gotten light editing i 'm waiting to finish drafting the series to do more editing .
i also use my you ca n't start this thing you want to write until you finish this method for keeping going on edits .
i fully expected op 's response to be under 60k or from an established auto maker or what ever .
the morally superior people that supposedly supports ukraine revealing their bigotry yet again .
fast as fuck boy '' or that one fucking idiot who uses ticks bc i ca n't hit a shit even with sp '' as a pilot
i knew the guy had killed himself but i always thought it was a few days before the bombing at most bloody hell .
and i thought it was bad enough as it was .
spytihněv had said not yet '' as a reply to someone asking for workshop support for the game in the 0.5.0 update post .
it 's assumed to be something that releases once the game is fully finished .
if it has resulted in you wearing this then yes sir life did in fact break you
report false negative https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20negative message post_id '' ue6s3c '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=ue6s3c samesub=true filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=84 targetimagememematch=92
scope this sub meme filter false target 84 check title true max age 120 searched images 324,511,683 search time 27.81976s
never leave home without a pocket knife and always keep it sharp . ''
obviously as a big you are n't asked or expected to navigate screens that often or well even .
but on a switch you can encounter a screen .
chet 's problem is that he allows screens to take him completely out of plays more so than anybody else listed .
he really ca n't recover at all through screens mostly because of his frame .
he is a large target for screens and bad with physicality because he is so thin .
like he 'll get hit by a screen and nearly trip or it 'll slow him down a ton .
so that 's a limitation for him defending the perimeter .
one could argue all music is inappropriate to people being killed .
... but i 'll grant you that this is some seriously unfortunate music .
intense drowsiness kicks in 30 minutes later whether i remember i took it or not
i ca n't wait to share more gifts with you soon the team and i are championing at the bit .
along with the mention of four champions '' earlier in the blog post these definitely seem like some teasingly indicative terms .
this is why i keep saying that applicants should not be complacent with the whims and never ending ridiculous requirements by potential employers .
have limits and detect red flags early on and ditch them before they waste your time and exploit .
if an employer likes you no more than 2 interviews is enough .
longer than that means they are looking for reasons to not hire you .
remember that even if you should face setbacks the most important thing is to keep trying .
this is where you end up working if you dont contribute to group projects
i meam we 're all one conciousness but i do n't think i know you
oh my god ... its not even funny anymore its just depressing
yeah i stopped paying for any of the extra events a while ago .
as a fellow dad of a toddler i feel you !
arlovskis finishes were over glass chin bigfoot and edmond version travis browne .
never seen anyone try to claim arlovski did n't use to have power because it 's a stupid thing to try and claim
and as i 've pointed out being undisciplined does not mean you lose all your power .
it says new boost every season bro so it is n't the same
it really sucks when you must intentionally ignore how your partner 's decisions reflect on your self worth .
their disorder destroys the notion that you care about what your partner thinks of you .
yeah yeah you can logically decide that their behavior is their own doing but it is lonely and awkward when you 're in a relationship without safe emotional support and intimacy .
you wo n't be supported in unavoidably human times of need .
you have to always be ‘on ' because they ca n't handle you having a bad day let alone support you through one .
i get resentful sometimes because they need so much more understanding and emotional support than they are able to give .
their memory of your mistakes is much better than their own .
i often feel that nobody cares about me personally .
when medicated or depressed she is without malice mostly incapable of empathy .
what little i get is ephemeral which either atrophies or is withdrawn .
i have been standing emotionally on my own for years while carrying my family .
we show each other genuine competent interest and love but i do n't want to unfairly burden with my unmet needs .
i also have to set healthy boundaries between mother and children and compensate for what she ca n't give them .
i do n't know what will happen once i reach my goal of getting these kids into a healthy adult life .
i 'm one of the lucky ones that does n't have a horror story to share .
you ca n't be any good to anybody including yourself if you 're not good to yourself first .
you are lost if you ca n't depend on yourself first .
forgot to tell it but in france we still talk about ww1 like we were at 100 the good guy 's and german were the baddies .
if the ai can find an original video the deepfake used it 's easy to detect .
the harder part is going to be what happens when another country specifically makes a deepfake .
like they have studio and mocap system and everything .
you need to read this user 's post history before jumping to conclusions .
or you can just avoid poor dangerous and shitty places when traveling abroad .
fortunately i 'm across the street so i can walk and have no excuses haha !
but cancels are 14 so even extra motivated to not do that hah
if you were dead set on forcing a throw to that receiver a lob pass to deep right might have found him open .
not sure about a bullet pass in the rain over three defenders .
source i work for the company that made these boards and posted this video on youtube that this clip is taken from .
this is done using infra red leds embedded in the leds on the digital.perimeter boards .
these create an infra red mask which means that the advertising wo n't overlay the players in front of the boards .
the broadcast cameras typically only cam 1 and cam 2 have a special lens fitted that captures the data .
the different virtual advertising streams are then overlaid in real-time generally from a small ob truck on-site containing a shed load of high powered pcs .
the top left pic is what 's seen in the stadium the others are are virtual streams which can be delivered to different broadcast regions .
these are relatively old now approx 5 years the upcoming generation of this technology is completely done in ai so needs no hardware upgrade to the boards .
there are also other ways to achieve this using camera shuttering that allow for 3 or 4 different ads shown on different frames and different cameras synced to each one .
it 's worth noting that this tech is n't actually allowed to be in use in the english premier league even though this is filmed at watford fc but it is allowed by the bundesliga and also la liga i believe .
reminder phr4r is not a discussion forum please message the op instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/phr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's nothing wrong with me not liking to talk about gay ships with someone clearly into them .
what 's wrong is you pushing that onto me then claiming there 's something wrong with me not wanting to talk about that with you .
you can clearly see by my comment and flair that i 'm not into that type of discussion .
so does it start counting back up again or ... ?
conan jokes about having a bad relationship with his family
making jokes about conan not understanding podcast as a medium like jokes about if anyone tuned in right now they 'd be very confused ''
i hope this is scalable could be the best news the world has got in years
i 'm a dentist this is a complete myth .
for tooth decay to cause pain and infection it would have had to be there for a very long time .
all pregnant women who come to me with tooth decay are as a result of general neglect i.e .
not brushing with fluoridated toothpaste twice a day not flossing nightly eating and drinking too many sugary and acidic foods and drinks and not getting 6 monthly check-up and cleans and two yearly x-rays .
edit to any pregnant women reading this or planning on getting pregnant i urge you to please see a dentist for a checkup and clean before getting pregnant .
it 's a lot harder to do complex treatment on pregnant women .
there 's only been the one since gaf moved production to italy i.e .
the other possibility is that one of the other pieces of what they 're denying is the one that 's incorrect not vision3 well okay vision2 is widely available but that 's also cine stock and kodak makes at least six emulsions that are n't coated on cine stock two of them in iso 400 max 400 and portra 400 .
from the samples i 've seen portra 400 seems unlikely which would point to max 400 .
it 's been strongly suggested that lomography color films that are n't wonky i.e .
not metropolis aqua or purple widely considered to be selling off test runs during adox/inoviscoat development process toward the product that got pre-released as mission 200 are rebranded kodak stock especially since kodak appears to be the only current source of iso 800 c-41 film and is well known to do custom cutting and confectioning for a large enough order looking at you cinestill .
so it seems to me there 's a real possibility that dynamic 400 is just max 400 now made available on 120 base .
what i find more interesting is the announced kickstarter result that this will be confectioned in 220 i had understood there was n't a working 220 rolling machine left on earth gp3 appears to be hand rolled by report of those who 've tested it never mind complaints by kodak and ilford that is is n't economical for them to source 220 backing ends which are n't quite the same as just cutting out the 30 inches of film length from a 120 backing .
well technically you will still need javascript for dynamic web pages .
i think they 're beautiful creatures and if they had feathers they 'd be chickens anyway .
i always wonder why politicians do this shit but then i remember that the average person ca n't detect a lie half the time https www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/spycatcher/201203/the-truth-about-lie-detection and combined with the partisan effect there are undoubtedly millions of people who believe this picture .
i 'd say from experience yes it 's about the same as far as awareness and reaction time maybe worse .
my guy ca n't even play alundra one of the most famous anime games on the planet
i would start out by recommending calvin 's institutes .
do n't be discouraged by the debates between calvinists and non calvinists on the issue of election .
calvin has covered a multitude of things and it 's readable .
by wilhelmus à brakel this is another very readable and accessible work
by francis turretin this one is a little older but i found this work complimentary to the others .
he just has different insights and different ways of wording things that provoke thought .
i have n't gone through this one as thoroughly as the others but if you can find it discounted it 's a nice addition to the library .
⚠️ psa scams https www.reddit.com/r/cardano/comments/lccorg/psa_there_is_no_such_thing_as_cardano_giveaways be wary of common scams !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cardano if you have any questions or concerns .
for me this is the absolute norm.. this extra mile '' doesnt exist and its just normal human decency i dont respect anyone who doesnt have this quality or atleast understands the mindset
i am still daily driving windows however i work a lot with vms and have played around with debian ubuntu mint kali and even attempted arch not fun at the start imo .
i like the raspbian os on the pi simple and lightweight .
i 'd love to get a little constructive criticism from you ...
if we count mcgregor v aldo then i 've definitely watched that countless of times .
as i said in the title it just showed up .
! remindme when breece hall is winning games for us next season
a mogao se probati izvući da očito nešto nije valjalo s tim testom i da ga treba ponoviti ... d
i featured once for saying sven ulreich would be a good signing for celtic and would probably be the best keeper in the league before we signed barkas .
it does he has no clue what hes talking about and it 's also not that slow it 's 1/sec .
i had a game earlier where we were behind but then ended up way ahead because i had super for our first invasion and bubble sat on their bank stealing about 25 motes which is a 50 mote difference since you get and they lose killed 2 people 1 while hoping towards the bank and one who tried rushing into my bubble then also prevented them from banking at all the whole time i was there
one of the guys at the lgs made a custom game mode where a three lances were supposed to play against a zerg like enemy with a 200 ton brood mother .
i didnt play that one but normally when they do go it 's generally a death match .
they have played objective games before but i have n't witness them to know which ones .
she 's been most every video and a lot of the story pics and videos on instagram .
i always feel awkward leaving menards when i do n't have anything to buy .
the series/parallel trick '' is already being done in the gm packs for 400/800v .
probably not since that would require a constant power supply as well as all sorts of electrical gear that could malfunction
honestly，if you all came hre for vacation，then you all are not that bright..
then i got clickbaited pretend my comments are in general
just do n't jump into a massive fake floor section 🤣
nobody will go hungry its just that more of money has to be spend and less on entertainment like phones cinemas etc and people will complain a lot more .
i 'm still praying for my lexus but holy shit bezos only started with a few hundred grand ?
i 've worked with several people who started small businesses and that 's not much considering where he is now .
i do n't understand how someone can come to this conclusion though ? ?
do they think it 's caused by trauma or something ?
are there any bike racks at the hollywood bowl ?
a friend offered me a last minute ticket to dave chapelle and biking is the fastest way for me to get there .
i 'm glad that you 're feeling how you 're looking ☺️☺️
what i your memory of how flds-adjacent rural mormons acted and talked in 1980 ?
please consider filling in this survey about dick size here https docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1faipqlsfuucgqxovj2hoxggzm0q_qex0wkq9nojoa37bt_sfqaj3_0q/viewform ? usp=sf_link
the owner of the sub is me a young woman with a lot of amateur content available at r/homemadehornygirl .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cockcompare if you have any questions or concerns .
people were against the increased unemployment that basically outcompeted businesses .
which is why i brought up the emotional aspect .
most jobs require more training than house work meaning they require both unpaid invested time in earning a degree and the work itself is frankly often more taxing .
this is compounded by the stress that comes with fact that you can get fired for not doing your job properly whereas housework ca n't really lead to that .
additionally if you spend more time at work you spend less time enjoying your home .
if you use your home less it makes less sense that you should pay more for it .
when you are doing housework you are also providing yourself with a service which further complicates things in terms of determining how much you ought be compensated .
but the main issue honestly is that compensation of labour is agreed upon before the fact .
if you agree to freely do something around your apartment you ca n't then turn around and ask for compensation .
if you want your partner to pay higher proportion of your bills in exchange for a task then there needs to be an agreement beforehand in that regard .
you are n't titled payment for labour you consented to doing freely in the same way i ca n't charge someone for giving them a ride to the supermarket when i initially implied it would be free .
waking up on the ferry coming back from one of the islands out of rockland ...
as an addition to this picture sadly i do n't have the original box they were sold in .
if i remember correctly this came in like a bungie multipack that had all the marathons pathways into darkness abuse and this maze game i had forgotten the name of
a few things depends on which one but my car broke down a few weeks back so put money towards the parts needed i got someone to do the labor for free ... i just need the parts .
my light bill is due so i could put it towards that too could always use food in my house ... honestly i 'd use it for one of those things .
i just got stuck in a real tough spot and digging myself out of a hole
really would like more cup holders and for the ones in the back to be a little larger .
but i agree i see all three on the field at once in that format
the time it must have took to get their idle animations to sync lol
i have a very diverse politically family but everyone is super chill and reasonable about it unlike anyone else 's apparently .
on one family members phone you can look up global warming facts and it will link you to nasa and on the others phone some article about bad data/science regarding global warming and how parts have been proven wrong .
i 'm getting some mad wolf among us vibes from this .
also i ca n't wait for the sequel lol .
let me be clear clearly you should take this l
you could also try herbs but i do n't know which ones are safe .
i 've seen people roll joints with crushed up rose petals ?
that could be an option too but i imagine it might be a tad pricey .
if only i had more time and resolve to practice .
i really suck at anything other than easy route .
he 's rich and famous but more importantly most americans like him .
no jury in the world is gon na convict him of murder .
he 'll get charged lightly prosecuted lightly not guilty on all charges or all charges dropped due to judicial miscarriage .
keyes and halsey have miranda together or was miranda adopted by cpt .
i do n't think it 's a function of immorality or stupidity .
now that can lead to immoral and stupid decisions but a parent not vaccinating is not necessarily a function of immorality and stupidity even if the outcome is both stupid and immoral .
while we have access to much more information we also have a much more access to bad information as well .
and there 's far more bad information than good information .
we 've had anti-vaxxers for as long as we 've had vaccines but with the internet you can easily stay in your echo chamber and only consume misinformation due to confirmation bias .
the problem is that there is a huge anti-establishment current running in society right now .
there 's a large minority that does n't trust previous institutions of authority like government officials corporations doctors police the legal system etc .
the anti-vax movement is just a piece of a much larger distrust and rejection of foundational things in society .
there is more mature discussion on 4chan of all places !
only if the aggressors are also in on the gig .
yup a mid life but i would have banged them all instead of 1 haha .
that 's what pure joy brought about by total economic exploitation looks like .
who cares that 80 of the nation lives in subjugated abject poverty when you can buy cool trucks and party with the boys .
nah its def amazon being a dick and not letting me cancel
they can agree between themselves but that price point is entirely unrealistic .
it undercuts booster sales way too much to be ever in consideration .
magic is expensive arena is seriously overpriced but unless sales go down they are content with their current income and have no reason to lower prices .
i think in general the most important part is finding a way to enjoy what you 're doing .
to be honest it wasnt an easy transition i failed my calc 1 and 2 classes each the first time i took them .
but a few good professors along the way were able to instill some level of excitement into me about the material .
one resource i highly recommend is going to your universities/colleges math tutoring program .
most colleges have a free tutoring center for students and it usually includes math classes all the way up to linear algebra going here especially if you are struggling can really make sure you 're understanding the concepts in the class .
this is extra useful if you are terrified of office hours like i was you should n't be as long as you are trying your professor will appreciate you coming trust me .
besides the classic develop better study habits '' i think the most important thing in succeeding in college level mathematics is really understanding what you 're doing and why you 're doing it .
this sounds obvious but in too many cases students look for an algorithm on how get through a problem and do n't actually understand it .
in my opinion this is the product of math education in most highschools around the us .
for instance in my highschool years i would always get in trouble for not radicalizing the denominator '' i.e .
i would n't write 1/sqrt 2 as sqrt 2 2 .
similarly i and i assume most students had no idea that you could derive the quadratic formula from completing the square .
these concepts were just kind of thrust at you and you were basically expected to memorize them .
there will be some things you have to memorize or look up when needed sure but for the most part if you really work on understanding why something is the case you can reason through a whole problem on your own .
after all mathematics is just basic logic and so reasoning through stuff is essential .
if you are interested in math and really want to develop a deep understanding i recommend reading an into to abstract mathematics text book i recommend the first half of exploring the infinite an introduction to proof and analysis by jennifer brooks .
i think we should teach students more proof based math earlier on it reinforces understanding of concepts that one often takes for granted .
for instance why is anything time zero itself zero ?
can you prove this in general or is it something you just assume ?
developing that understanding for even basic algebraic operations like multiplying fractions finding inverses factoring etc .
besides that resources like khan academy are incredibly useful as well !
maxiq on youtube plays in playstation and can control recoil like this .
i did n't figure out this event in time so i missed out on the unlock .
yes toxicity is going to be super high but it 's necessary for the abundance of players who think they 're gud at the game and now there 's a way for them to realize they are n't .
flex on my ex oral sex i play minecraft with the best specs
personally deagle or a unnecessarily long hicapa like a 7in with a comp pythons are also awesome
i 'm not saying you ca n't do it im wondering how much climbing is done by i have more time to frag as i play with better players cuz they do n't need to be healed as much . ''
i had the situation once over a one time in a career raise to leave a company i 'd been with almost 10 yrs .
when you get a level up to battle the boss in video .
the recruiter told me well you can take it but they 'll never view you the same '' .
i knew what he meant with the owners and such .
damn it had already been so draining with sr mgt where i was .
i said i know because they 'll be viewing my name on a different door about this time next week .
i also told him i wanted to call the company i was backing out on .
it ended well and actually the same recruiter called me regular for several yrs .
and we hit on something about seven yrs later .
anti righ to repair companies and bricking software let me introduce myself ''
you never really owe a company anything so do what is best for your life and schedule .
and those are still better than this type of post .
and apparently you 're new to the internet or just plain ignorant cuz sarcasm requires tone of voice .
this whole foods in englewood seemed geared towards making activists/social justice folks happy
as with all charities engaged in by corporations it was pr a tax write-off .
says the guy that says if i was old and injured i would n't want to play in toronto either
there 's nothing direct about the way the uk public influences the choice of government .
where 's that 5 swing in the polling after the idiotic rwanda plan was announced ?
they found one of the pistons was constantly scraping up against the cylinder until it cracked .
i did n't know until the engine died on me and had to have it towed to the shop .
i have an apr stage 2 system but they did n't seem to think that was the issue
to keep the flies away from the produce section .
maybe the fanboys can shut the fuck up now .
every time i talked about what a mess this game was i got downvoted into the ground .
i didnt understand the whole i sold a game im sad thing .
many of us sold old games back in the day so we could have cash for new games/consoles .
its only a big deal if the sold games are worth a lot now and even then i personally dont care .
the fact he bought a sandwich from a sold game is so typical of him .
if he bought cigarettes i would have been shocked because hes a dork .
can you please post a step by step guide for that .
i am trying to make the switch to manjaro but found it difficult .
problems with shared dependencies nuke not recognizing amd card overall stuttering and crashes etc .
you can say rory is lewd but the whole show is n't filled with it .
if the op wanted one with no lewd at all then they would never be able to find one .
so just to make sure this is a better vorpal dmt than the last two vorpal dmts ?
nemesis battlestar galactica and western legends have been probably the 3 best theme-embracing games for the people i most often play with .
maybe dune imperium but we all watched the movie together followed by some games of it in the following couple weeks so perhaps the theme was n't driven by the board game itself .
better use all this up before the cops get here ...
i believe michael cera is the only man that would be able to handle any form of intergalactic affairs .
0.3 is 2018 production and 0.5 os 2020 production .
i find 0.5 with b or 2b lead suitable for daily use particularly on good paper and solid surface .
i think this is the one i was thinking of
you 're suffering thru what we did on pc in beta .
i like century city but also will regularly make the drive out to westfield topanga .
as another commenter stated it has pretty much everything and never seems as packed as century city .
not really manufactured scarcity ... time is scarce and developers only have x amount of time like all of us .
we determined that this submission originates from a credible source but we still advise that users double check the facts and use common sense when consuming mass media .
if you are interested in learning how to evaluate news sources more thoroughly you can begin to learn about how to do that here https tacomacc.libguides.com/c.php ? g=599051 p=4147190 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ukraine if you have any questions or concerns .
good luck telling that to any actual professional who works in any biological or social science field .
also inb4 social science is n't real '' science .
the closest was actually kobe getting 62 in 3 quarters but no one seems to remember .
i think this is a bit more complicated than people are saying .
but he also moves silva 's leg out of the way to get the ball .
it 's not a stonewall but it 's also not a perfect tackle .
yeah but you said that 's tied to a constitution ?
i 'm getting that it does n't make sense it 's only technically the old flag and once it 's in writing it 's official .
is there some international standard i could read about ?
unfortunately your submission apr22 the queen of hearts she made some tarts all on a summer 's day .
https www.reddit.com/r/twosentencehorror/comments/tx1r2e/apr22_the_queen_of_hearts_she_made_some_tarts_all has been removed because it violates the following rule
stories that are more sad than horror will be removed and should be posted to r/twosentencesadness .
these include but are not limited to stories about depression suicide loss of a loved one putting down pets pets obeying commands to stay in dangerous situations etc .
stories that are more humor than horror should be posted in r/twosentencecomedy .
if you believe this removal was performed in error please contact the mods here .
do not contact any moderators directly via chat or personal mail or you may receive a ban .
the only gold standard is a pcr but those are being limited again in most places .
i hope they were promptly executed after being questioned for info .
your account is too new and/or your karma is too low
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/addisonrae if you have any questions or concerns .
exactly now sure there are cases of people in one religious group seeing figures from another one one woman actually saw jesus and shiva .
but i think what someone sees in an nde is to some degree infulenced subconsciously .
ok fuck the other guy obviously but this is the first time in this argument i 'm not on your side .
in this game you should walk near everything that catches your eye looks out of place or seems weird .
you 're style is so varied and fabulous ❤️ thank you for sharing your looks !
unfortunately your submission was removed for breaking the following rule s
that 's false and now you 're lying about .
i do n't know your gender and it 's easily misidentified and an easy mistake to make i do n't use the reddit app and do n't see profiles .
however you double downed after knowing i 'm a male and intentionally tried to offend me by calling me a lady .
now you 're attempting to insult me simply because you know your argument is wrong and ca n't admit a simple mistake so you 'd rather insult my character than to correct your own faults .
you 've shown everyone here how much of an opinionated child you are .
if you feel like you are right or your views were n't expressed correctly then you need to figure out a better way to communicate to other people in a positive and productive manner .
is it possible to see the reference you drew from ?
he 's only there friday to sunday until 5:30 in the winter
i went through this with my mother last september and october .
after living by herself for years at 75 she had a fall and broke her knee cap and had to go to rehab .
after that she started having utis and would have to go to the hospital .
after that it was on to a different nursing home due to medicaid then back to the hospital then back to the nursing home where she broke her arm .
then after being in pain for week she had surgery then back to the nursing home .
i lived close enough so i saw her almost every day and took care of things at her house believing that she would return home some day .
this continued until september when the nurse at the hospital informed me and my sisters virtually that she had to go to hospice because of several incurable problems .
my mom was bedridden but was so alive and alert .
my older sister flew in from across the country to be with her having to put her job and family on hold .
the knowledge of her ultimate demise just about killed me .
my mom stopped eating and nobody knew why also she had abdominal pain that had to be treated with painkillers .
when she did eat it was very very little .
my sister got to town and we both saw mom in hospice and watched her rapidly decline over the weeks from september to october .
together we had to clean out her house which was painful as hell .
we spent a lot of time with mom watching as she was awake and alert to barely there .
during the second half of october we both wished she would die .
not to be horrible people but so she could be at peace .
on october 28 when my sister and were both there she stopped breathing .
my sister had thought she had stomach cancer since she had some cancerous things removed her stomach ten years before .
that would have accounted for the abdominal pain and loss of appetite .
and the death certificate said stomach cancer '' and congestive heart failure . ''
it almost looks like it 's from an anime movie !
you need more er 180-200 er for spam her elemental burts .
but if u plan to play her with raiden is ok
yta and shady af for pocketing money people gave you as baby gifts .
no that money was not to reimburse you for the cost of the shower venue you had to have .
even if he has everything he needs then the money should go to him to start a bank account not to your bank account .
i also doubt how you 're going to provide for everything he needs when you just depleted the entire contents of your bank account on an unnecessary shower venue .
and all these other guys that have been there for years ca n't even have their own twitch channel ?
this should create a shitstorm for the office when it 's time to resign their contracts .
big e should be doing endless cameos on the side while he recovers .
i have n't been able to go 4x like that in 20 years .
the funniest thing that beau did was how he ended a walk around the neighborhood one day .
beau was one street away from home when he realized that his home was adjacent to the house that he was passing .
he turned right and dragged his owner across the neighbor 's yard .
he took a couple of steps into his yard and flopped down .
at close to 200lbs you did n't move beau if he did n't want to move .
browsing books finding interactions reading articles ... it 's too much fun to me .
yes the group though new seems to consist of mostly experienced players .
just picking any character and fooling around would be fine maybe with a little advice from the others .
it would be like dragging a child out of a toy store after declaring it the store 's proprietor .
that 's a pipe dream—not a factor in my hypotheses of consolidation
when you see news from the usa it 's pretty accurate to describe it as ‘oddly isolated ' .
a lot of their media is just the us feeding on itself without much input from the outside world as far as i can see .
think of how many people in the usa can sing the entirety of its national anthem name every state and can recite the names of all their presidents in order .
then think of how many times you have heard of people from the us not realising that tasmania is part of australia ?
it would be like an australian not being aware of the existence of sicily .
their culture is kind of isolated even though it is exported globally .
there is no other answer if one has any taste whatsoever .
adopt a child over the age of 4 and it 's a lot easier .
of course that 's what we normally do when we buy premade spare ribs .
pop them into the oven to get a nice caramlize on them .
i hate it when i do n't get all the confirmation bias i need
everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth '' mike tyson
kylie was hanging out with friends so trav ca n't like
why would anyone need 20k worth of tylenol/advil though💀 one 7 dollar bottle lasts me like 6 months
moron on twitter says really stupid thing more at 11 !
ignore the cesspool that is social media your sanity will thank you lol .
what 's the first option for state your measuring in '' ... she selected it i 'm just curious why she chose to cover that up
yeah with mine it 's as soon as he sees that room .
i think he has the association of the room and shots .
they 're so good at rotating staff so it 's a different person each time but maybe it should be the room too !
if you do delete it we 'll consider it an attempt to avoid our rules and you will not be able to appeal your ban .
once you have verified successfully your posting privileges will be restored .
a short time ago you were asked by a moderator to verify .
until you verify you will not be able to participate in r/amateur .
once you have verified successfully your posting privileges will be restored .
you can read up on how to verify on this page https www.reddit.com/r/amateur/wiki/verification .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amateur if you have any questions or concerns .
than you ceonjob that python and you are done .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/196 if you have any questions or concerns .
from my experience as a man try not to get insecure .
i 'm 41 and have had times when an erection was difficult to maintain .
most men from what i have read have an issue with ed every now and again .
when that happens let me tell you the guy is more insecure then you are .
i 'm not sure if you 're sure le saying masks do n't work ?
i did it cause i 'm trying to win again this year and ridley almost cost me last year
i 'm pretty confounded by some of the others on this thread .
kind of scratching my head for an answer but you 're right not many bands come to mind .
which is really odd considering the first album has to be one of the most influential prog albums of all time .
i hear lots of elements in other bands of that time including some of the big ones like yes and genesis .
but no for lack of a better word copy cat type bands jump out at me .
unlike yes and genesis who had quite a few .
soon my friends arrive and you hear a buzz in the front room .
except we saw the hurt version heal himself and then run back in time .
you are the type of person who does something that you convince yourself is nice '' for someone else even though they do n't want it and then rub it in their face and act like you 're some kind of hero .
also the fact that your wife has money saved because she has an unpaid maternity leave tells me that she knows you 're terrible with money and that you 'll continue to consider it your '' money and not your family 's money while she is on maternity leave .
she 's already going through enough and now she 's probably stressed about getting enough items for the baby but you have to spend your gifted money on food and gas and blew the rest of your money on a venue .
i hope it means saint sean drops an update very soon
my policy is the person who asks the other person should pay for the first date but the person asked should offer to split .
i also do n't try to kill off people .
if i was doing exploits so to speak i would balance it by exiling certain cards from a dead character .
fine clothes for example they would be ruined if the person was killed !
i ca n't even with this professor i 'd have dropped out .
if i had any i 'd hate to let them go .
on the flip side they 've held and exceeded their original value if reselling .
they are legit but can take a while months in my case to send out your order .
i do n't know much about shreveport but macon is a horrible place .
it 's crime rate is absurdly high and the city is going downhill fast .
the property is cheap as hell but i would n't move there .
no but this is n't warframe so how much do you expect here ?
they do not know what they do n't know ... .
they do not have the knowledge level to catch or correct issues before they start .
if you zoom in it looks like a drawing on my phone lol
she admits stealing the rune making the knives and killing herself but not killing godwyn or being in command of black knife assassins .
the assassins go after her and kill iji who was loyal to ranni and they 're tied to marika too
no doubt about they seem to drive more than they stop .
let 's get real ... . two marshals for the size of galveston !
the cops can not cover everything because there ate not enough of them how could anyone be cpect 2 marshalls to begin to touch the surface ?
we have theft all over the island and nothing can be done about that even when we have their smiling faces on out ring clips .
am not why we can not get more cops .
it runs gta iv in 30 fps on low 800x600
i thinknwe got blocked or comments were deleted because i do n't see it on the post ...
real people sex was a ploy to destroy the furry porn industry
they copied the old nasa vehicle look and are now complaining on twitter that they only lost the bid because theirs was 1145 more than canoo 's .
this company has never produced a vehicle so i do n't even get how they were in the running .
that 's pretty cool the re market is huge imagine if crypto had even a tiny of it .
how does their rates 3.95 to 5.95 compare to a traditional mortgage in the us ?
i 'd like to own a house someday not at these inflated prices tho
based on things i 've read or heard people say they do n't experience the fear of it like the average person .
in the doc free solo which is great they do some brain imaging on the climber alex honnold 's brain .
it 's something like the part of the brain that gets enjoyment my word not the doctor 's needs a lot more stimulation and so he climbs cliff walls with no harness on sometimes
you are as delusional about your true feelings for putin as the guy who calls a woman ugly when she rejects him .
please do n't point those finger guns in any direction you are n't prepared to use them sir .
nakaka pressure lang pagka minsan nakakakita si mama ng mga post na ung anak ng kakilala nya nakapasa na sa board exam 😥 tapos sabay banat kailan ka ba magtetake uli .
planning to take next year pero di ko alam pano magsisimula .
gusto ko lang maging cpa bago magunaw ang mundo .
kung ako magrereview na talaga di ko muna ipapaalam sa mga workmate/friends/family for the mean time .
hahaha kuha muna ko momentum na makagawa ng sched for review at ayaw ko rin majinx yung balak kong pagtetake ng boards .
tapos tsaka ko na sabihin kapag sure na talaga enrolled na sa r.c at magfofocus kana sa goal mo .
that 's like my sissy goal in life to make my ass clap on a fat cock
when my time comes i hope i still have friends that 'll risk everything to throw me a last hurrah minus the meth .
it 's maybe a different genre compared to what you might listen to .
episode 1-21 then missing link steins gate 0 episode 22-24
it isnt an issue no one would care honestly have fun and enjoy your visit
i like to think he 's a force believer that gives him the peace and purpose to train and harness his other senses cuz he 's blind .
oh i apologize if it came off stereotypical but they bad other qualities i did not like .
but this post does point out some short guys do take napolean complex to a whole diff level .
i personally would n't date someone of that nature again since im.not attracted to them is where i 'm getting at .
girl replace him 👏🏻👏🏻 i kno it 's hard but u jus got ta go stay somewhere else get away .
breathe and think and see how much better u feel without him .
he 's cheating on u and throwing it in ur face ☹️ u do not deserve that
i think you 'd be better off using a reanimator shell .
that being said i 'm not sure avan heartstabber is enough of a payoff .
you must keep in mind historics power level is much higher than a limited draft .
why run avan heartstabber when you can get back phenoix sheoldred emissary or even parhelion shenanigans ?
i 'm not saying you could n't do it i just do n't see it being competitive .
the best way to really fill your graveyards are so close to meta decks already why not just finish the meta deck ?
by all means for the lulz do it just realize it wo n't be good/meta .
ok i quickly took the mesurements and this makes a lot of sense i think you 're right about my over-extention thanks a lot
if you would like to learn how to verify please visit this link https www.reddit.com/r/dadsandboys/wiki/verification .
this is not a requirement you can still post here without verifying .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadsandboys if you have any questions or concerns .
will be a pita but you may have to replace some of the buttons or trapdoors .
this kind of thing happens with redstone stuff as well .
break and replace and suddenly its working correctly again .
they all walk the line between looking friendly and unsettling especially that puppet .
do you know how to use the voice commands ?
i downloaded the companion app but it starts and immediately closes on my xiaomi phone i can probably figure out the commands and how to say them but i guess without the all they wo n't work .
i have n't been able to find an english version of the app either ... any help would be appreciated .
i see no real smiling pictures which also plays towards the aggressive mentality .
fyi these are awful pills get stuck in your throat and on the other end they really ruin the enjoyment of a good poo .
another year to act confused about why all these stoners keep celebrating hitler 's birthday .
no because i do n't find mass effect aliens attractive .
these are getting so specific that soon there will be posts like r/place but every 69th pixel placed 420 seconds after 1279,2986 red pixel was placed
es gibt in verschiedenen bundesländern außerdem auch telefonpatenprojekte wo man mit anderen menschen telefonieren kann ich bilde mir ein dass es was von der caritas oder diakonie gibt ? .
ich kann mir auch vorstellen dass es anderen menschen gibt die auf diese weise über das thema sprechen wollen .
fuck all these limp dick youtubers and chicken shit redditors .
fuck this 24/7 internet spew of discord and vtuber bullshit .
man i hate finding best comment of the day first thing the the morning .
could you do the same for this comment cheesepufflol ?
to amsterdam post in our q a thread which is pinned to the top of the subreddit .
repost your question in the q a thread but before you do read our
it 's possible automoderator is too aggressive and you are n't a tourist or
if and only if you are not a person visiting or moving
to amsterdam you can post again and automoderator will not delete it .
otherwise go to our weekly q a thread after you read the wiki .
you can learn more about how we filter posts here
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amsterdam if you have any questions or concerns .
nearest i can recall is jonathan walters stoke city scoring two own goals and missing a penalty .
i have n't seen somebody outside of my roommates or customers at work in at least a month and a half .
i feel like i 'm waiting for everything i have been building to crumble .
i have too much going on but also not enough .
i do n't necessarily want to die i just want everything to stop for a little while
also papers and pellets and the like do n't respawn .
also also if get nicked while being summoned you join with the missing health 😟
more to the point it hid all the mp3 files you had been downloading from napster for years .
if you 're also going to argue that hobbyist athletes should n't get care for broken legs because they did that to themselves and they did n't absolutely have to be riding that bike .
i do n't think we really want to go down the road of we only treat things that were absolutely unavoidable '' .
who tf is going to respond to a bank text that is n't from a short code lmao .
drag comes from a time when women were n't allowed to be actors so female roles were played by men in drag .
so you 're totally fine in using the holy '' al aqsa to store stones and clubs walk with shoes inside it and serve as a shelter for assholes throwing stones at jews from 10 meters high ?
the only problem is police letting fucking muslim worshippers go and pray on the fucking mosque ... nice double standard prick face .
too much competition with half naked elven perfect bimbo goddess
however i would check on the x-ray the heart dimensions and medial lobe lung state and transparency .
with no hidden thoughts you should really look for second opinion and take your cat to be seen by a second vet .
if your doctor prescribes you 300mg daily it will constitute a new prescription and you will not need to wait 30 days .
i 'd cut to 150 per day until you can talk to your doc on monday just to be safe
i 'm too lazy to lace up high cuts ... and they 're cooler in the summer .
on my street which is zoned single-family residential one mile from downtown and consists of less than 20 homes two homes are strictly airbnb which i find shitty .
one has been that way for the past three years the second was purchased seven months ago for over asking i might add .
fr everytime i try using adobe it comes out to like 9gb
interesting that it only comes out after any left wing candidates are out of the running and the choice is between 'corrupt centrist ' and 'fascist putin-stooge ' you mean ?
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
seems like some husband needs to start restricting something like makeup cell phone time tv time etc .
if they wan na dictate their life like this .
the way you equated saying someone is annoying to someone 's personal address being leaked and sent death threats as the same is literally hurting my brain .
fans being shitty is not the same as daya being shitty and you know that .
my partner said maybe because i crossed the stop line by front bumper lol which does n't make sense .
testicles need to be 2-3 degrees cooler than the body to produce sperm
to help maintain the standard in this subreddit please report this post if it breaks the rules .
do provide proof where necessary along with your report by commenting on the post itself or by messaging the moderators through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/absoluteweapons .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/absoluteweapons if you have any questions or concerns .
new skins are way better than fixing hit reg 😂 i love developer penis
it 's one of the names for a bearded axe favored by vikings .
it does n't help someone mentally or emotionally to give the impression there is no hope .
i 've met survivors who were told to get their affairs in order because they were stage iv .
that 's the doctor you run from and get a second opinion .
they did n't accept that and went for second opinions .
i know camille and heard her story first hand .
when one faces a diagnosis of pancreatic cancer they need to remain calm and think clearly .
if they make the decision for treatment they need to find a large medical center with a pancreas program .
those that pick a smaller hospital closer to home and not likely to find a pancreatic cancer oncologist and therefore selects a gi oncologist .
there is a difference in the treatment approach as they are more likely to be up on the latest developments and more in-depth knowledge of clinical trials which offer stage iv patients the potential for better outcomes .
i had no time to feel sorry for myself and go into a quick downward spiral of depression .
i made a decision to undergo aggressive treatment and willing to take the most aggressive treatment .
i learned everything i could about treatments and clinical trials .
knowledge is power and helps people make informed decisions .
when someone has exhausted all reasonable treatment options there is time to make arrangements for hospice .
my mother battled three different cancers during her lifetime .
she spent time learning about what to do to survive .
after she exhausted every possible chemo regimen and evaluated clinical trials for her cancer did she make arrangements for hospice .
my mother never planned to spend much time in hospice .
she went out of this world running not crawling and whimpering .
she never gave up hope to the very end .
as far as we know she went to look for them for years .
i highly doubt she would 've started looking for ezra 10 years later .
do n't stress dude just switch over to midas ... earn more and be happier ...
midas pay high rates on btc 13 eth 18 20 on stable coins ... and about a dozen other alt coins ... no lockup periods and interest paid out daily ...
you can learn all about them and how they can earn/pay those yields by checking out their youtube channel or their discord they 've got a long faq section as well as a history section that talks about the companies development over the last 4 years ...
i 'm loving midas i keep all my eth and stable coins there ...
referral link if you 're interested https midas.investments ? p=aff42405
i was shocked to hear my classmates say that .
the red flags in my family were just nonstop i could n't really see any by the time i was in my mid 20s .
lol and my mom could n't bother lifting a finger for me coz she had her grandson a boy finally .
bitterness is our brain 's defense to not go in and get hurt again i think .
older leaves are dark green so she getting plenty of nitrogen .
if you have something that 's just iron or a micronutrient mix use it .
the producer of the mentalist with simon baker said they took a lot of their inspiration from columbo .
i suppose i could see a modern version of columbo being something like that .
not a fan of twirling my stache on the ends though ppl who support mustaches occasionally suggest it to me but if it works it works .
also i get all the mustache jokes imaginable as well as telling me to get rid of it ... dgaf some women like em
this imho would be a good candidate to start .
too bad about the varnish but this is fairly simple to rectify .
do not be mean insulting or disrespectful to any other user on this subreddit .
do not harass or annoy others in any way .
catfishing is the luring of somebody into an online friendship through a fake online persona .
you will be banned if you are homophobic transphobic racist sexist or bigoted in any way .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ask if you have any questions or concerns .
but i think kazuya realised early on that even if she is cold that she gives of totaly oposing vibes at all times on minute she invites him to a coffee to talk abput ruka with no rental buisnes then she pushes him away becous he is just a client .
and this up and down can be toxic for people but im thinking that if the person makes you feal complete lets you strive for greater hights then anything ever bevor did and her ups '' makes evry down '' forgotten its the wrong chois to back of .
may i say it even that would be even more toxic becous non other person would make you feel this way ever again thats why i think sumi would not be a better fit for kazuya .
yes he would have a far les toxic and more fluff relationship but he would stagnate strive for nothing and just be the lump of flesh he was at the time of his relationship with mami .
he fouled to stop the play nevermind i have no idea what happened
i remember seeing a theory that emile was n't talking to the elites with his last words he was actual talking to noble six .
its foreshadowing and is a question to six is he ready to sacrifice himself for the pillar of autumn ?
it looks like it 's carved right into your arm .
ab jee me kuch nhi hoga to compromise to karna hi padega na bhai aise thodina sab miljaega tier 3 college me .
does n't really fit super well into that playlist but i think phoebe bridgers is a good artist to get into if you 're into indie folk
big thief 's new album could more be what you 're looking for though
yeah man you 're right totally upstanding fan base they would never do something like that such a great track record for those guys
tryna settle a debate with a mate ... has pedri whenever fit been the most important barca player this season ?
i 'll have to check in an hour i have poor service but i 'm pumped
idt any offense with donovan peoples jones and jarvis as wr1 and 2 odell was hurt a lot is very good .
that 's not even a great 2 and 3 .
if that is case do n't you have to remove the pedestal ?
i would n't complain to remove the turbo as i have an upgraded hotside housing to swap on .
sting was great but stewart copeland stole the show .
who the fuck eats like this on the regular ?
r/nba gon na circlejerk the shit out of this saying embiid is dirty
haaland including wages transfer fee and agent fees is more than €300 million .
the fat fuck alone is going to take in €70 million in commission fees .
that 's way out of our budget even if the €300 million is true .
thats what happens when refs let a fat fuck play out of control all game and give him everything
yeah i have the option to have the dragon balls or not for that same reason .
op nta you have the patience of a saint .
i would have been done at the bedtime thing .
i learned from experience if you have family come and stay that you and your partner have to privately agree on the ground rules and present them to the family member as a united front .
one of the rules is a fixed duration on the free ride .
past that they have to pay up or move out .
but what if that baby turns out trans or gay or black ?
sure we will just have the government print more money indefinitely .
then when it causes inflation we can use that as an excuse to print more money .
is inflation a feature or a bug in your plan ?
3 has bangers but i feel like the others are more consistent .
2 is banger after banger and for me 4 is close to perfection .
i övrigt vet vi att till exempel bokbål kan konstituera hets mot folkgrupp enligt lag och att det i vissa länder är olagligt .
religionskritik är ju en sak men brännande av böcker har inget inneboende kritiskt i sig annat än att vara ett uttryck för avsky .
diskutera för all del hur mohammed gifte sig med ett barn eller hur mormonerna i usa upprätthåller barngiftemålslagar etc utifrån ett samhällskritiskt och religionskritiskt perspektiv men syftet med att bränna koranen har ingen faktisk kritisk samhällsnyttig funktion lika lite som att bränna en bibel .
går du ut på torget och sätter en bibel eller koran i brand har du åsidosatt pragmatik och har mer gemensamt med feministiskt initiativ och deras brännande av 100.000kr för ett pr jippo .
i 'm having a really really hard time figuring out whether this is satire or not
please return on one or two of my posts ?
one thing i do n't get is why did rick sell the kane chronicles to netflix and not disney
i did at first but then i actually downloaded a mod that lets you be in a polyamorous relationship with them both !
it very wholesome and i 've been having a lot of fun romancing them both !
even if they lost half a billion a year on twitch it 's a drop in the bucket for amazon .
now we 'll likely have a more serious legal discussions .
you strawmaned the point that hbe has the most '' social mobility .
totally missing the point that 1 person does n't equate social mobility .
my critique was only of hbe you could n't bear to backtrack so you took it somewhere else .
that 's like saying competitive swimming is a meritocracy and phelps has a tremendous work ethic .
i do n't have a hate boner '' though that 's the first time i 've ever heard that and i assume it must be vocabulary that chronically online redditors use so i got a good chuckle out of it .
i assume you do n't have a hate boner '' for hbe a known racist and imperial country then ?
interesting ... .i was originally answering a simple plot question and provided literary critique .
i have no reason to pick sides on a fictional narrative lol .
edit just saw your comment history is literally all cg and that you 're possibly pro-monarchy .
i have no idea why you got downvoted for stating a simple fact .
i just fact checked you and there have been 22 school shootings in america this year so you 're well on track statistically
i fail to see how that 's my problem .
in terms of what i actually listen to probably something like 100 gecs or death grips
no further update on a possible return this weekend for altuve ?
yes without this method i would have been done with this system after using it for 6 month .
after a while the hair start to shedding in the front little small spots here and there .
so after a cleaning day i put the system on my head before i glue the front .
i let it be on my head just as normal i then take a small scissor and cut of the part where there is only polythinskin base .
it 's just a millimeter here and there i keep my hairline in good shape and avoid premature death of the system .
after now using this same system for 10 month i have cut hairline for 3-4 times this way not the whole line but small spots to make the hairline look great .
a little tip is to buy a system that is 0,5 cm longer to have little margin to cut .
i will unpack this and think about this deeply .
i am my bf 's first everything so this is insane how similar our stories are
for any fuck boy who want it night or the mornin
alenka european foods on fraser and kingsway has some of those but have n't seen that brand there they 've got either the russian ones or ukrainian ones
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asshole if you have any questions or concerns .
also anime is the japanese equivalent of children 's cartoons .
how insane do you have to be do think that carrying things is better than not carrying things
there would be no interesting storyline without the first two .
i will say christine may be able to get the axe since she 's too toxic at this point but i can see chelsea brining that spark they need to keep the show going .
shaq does n't know ball because all he had to do was be shaq he did n't have to learn anything about basketball
yeah my grandpa and father have great beard genetics idk if i inherited those though
it 's easy if one is convinced that the church teaches wrong things one should deny christ the church and follow her conscience as thomas aquinas said .
loyalty to the church against your conscience is the epitome of the vice of servility .
if you see a singular tweet you may think he 's not anything but when you see the large collection of tweets you realize that this dude just grips to outraged edgelords and conservatives .
i specify the two cause edgelords are okay with gay marriage and gay rights and are mostly okay with trans people
that happened to me too years ago with my cat ... he was in so much pain and the vet would n't do anything without a guaranteed deposit .
there are a lot of good vets but there are a lot that are just plain greedy .
lucky for me i managed to collect enough for the treatment my cat needed he had a urinary tract infection but i do n't understand why the vet made him sit there in agony while i had to gather my finances .
first seen here https redd.it/ua5cvp on 2022-04-23 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' ud71s4 '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=ud71s4 samesub=true filteronlyolder=true memefilter=true filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=92
scope this sub meme filter false target 92 check title false max age 180 searched images 324,097,504 search time 3.84009s
vince neil was actually pretty good on the first two albums .
check out the last 30 seconds of come on and dance '' from the original leathur records release not the well known electra records version .
the dude slays it all through the song but the ending is incredible .
where would i be able to buy this ... ... .
here 's a take i did n't have any social media past secondary school .
personally i have no idea why people like to put so much of their lives up for the public to see and the companies to use .
if i want to share a moment i 'll call them on the spot or bring the people that i want to share it with there personally .
otherwise just leave the world and enjoy the moment ultimately the others do n't matter what does last is your personal experience of the place/time .
i asked them to kindly '' fuck off that 's not so hostile is it ?
women 4 and up get more likes than they know what to do with and only look in the likes you '' screen
some bbs fall out of my m4 when i remove the mag not sure what the problem is
written by ken herkenhoff planetary geologist at usgs astrogeology science center
while angular pointy rocks have damaged the rover 's wheels since early in the msl mission sometimes the wheels damage rocks as the rover drives over them .
as seen especially at the upper left side of this image the bedrock was scraped and fractured by the rover during the sol 3456 drive .
unfortunately that drive did not complete as planned but the tactical team took advantage of the situation by targeting observations of the freshly-exposed rock surfaces .
first the apxs will be placed on a scrape mark named cow head '' to measure its elemental chemistry then mahli will take a full suite of images of the same target .
mahli will also take some images of a rock fragment orton scar '' that was broken off a bedrock slab .
hopefully textural details will be more visible on these fresh faces than on the nearby undisturbed dustier rocks .
we will also take advantage of our new location to take mastcam images of maringma butte as the rover is closer to that outcrop than expected .
mastcam will also acquire multispectral sets of images of the cow head and orton scar contact science targets .
navcam will search for dust devils and characterize the dustiness of the atmosphere toward the north before the rover drives again .
after the drive and the typical post-drive imaging mardi will again acquire a twilight image of the ground behind the left front wheel .
so overall it was a busy but ultimately satisfying day for me as sowg chair .
read this and the archive of updates at this link https mars.nasa.gov/msl/mission-updates/9178/sol-3458-revenge-of-the-wheels
your account must have at least some karma from comments before you can submit links .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/soccer if you have any questions or concerns .
i feel like this makes the paper better in an unironic capacity lol
do n't go past 10 on anything under t8 .
t6 witch staves drop from carman of the underworld and can carry you till t8 if you get an ornate one .
as far as shields go idk cause i went glass cannon dual wielding staves .
standard is slightly cheaper but 100 renewable plan is definitely more expensive than the sdg e rate ... .
so unless you 're using far less energy your bill will be higher than before
you did n't say we all grieve in different ways you said i find this creepy. you sound like a jerk dude it 's not the time or place .
is this an actual thing or does your friend play escape from tarkov way too much he decided to do this in the game and turn it into a reality ?
this is some r/escapefromtarkov stuff going around here that 's what i believe to be true .
not it was due to boktai as both games shared most of the same team .
nojiri after ghost babel ended up working on the acid games that are also alternate timelines
these rules are more setup to prevent the conflict between governments escalating to things like targeting civilians .
think about two adults fighting you would n't want one to start getting the kids involved right ?
well it was n't just porn it was the face to face '' actions .
you know the ones that are entirely based on swapping different manners of bodily fluids ?
op is just lacking some problem-solving skills and it 's possibly a moron .
to me it 's an example of misty 's cringey golden retriever earnestness .
she does n't have the social awareness of the other girls to simply bow her head and be solemn she has to be intense and dramatic about it eyes to the sky .
it 's a great character detail especially considering it 's the pilot episode .
my point is that if you presented a wild animal with the option of receiving food water shelter and safety for the remainder of its life does n't even have to be farmed since we 're just talking about getting a farm started that can wait until the next generation theoretically with the stipulation that it ca n't leave a certain area an animal is far more likely to accept those terms than a human .
it 's also worth noting that we 're talking about a hypothetical farming scenario just to establish whether ethical farming is theoretically possible and if so where the line ought to be drawn .
current farming practices are n't really relevant to that question when those practices are n't inherent or necessary to farming .
maybe we 'll have a tv or something or wifi .
but still limiting their agency and choices available to them even before they are killed ?
if so then again it does n't really address my argument .
point c was about why restricting the agency of humans is more immoral than restricting the agency of animals .
it 's the only way to not cause harm to them .
again our criteria is n't not causing harm to the animals .
our criteria is merely that their lives are sufficiently good that it is better that they lived in the conditions they did than them having never been born .
are you saying that the current state of humanity would be hurt if i bred more humans into existence ?
it 's not liking i 'm out in the streets gunning people down .
i just hire some breeders to make my first generation and then multiply the future generations together .
apologies i was unclear i was establishing that as a premise to distinguish humans from ordinary animals .
the fact that humanity has progressed over time indicates that the average human has reduced the suffering in other humans more than they have caused it .
this means that in killing a human you are more likely to be robbing the world of the good that human would have created for society as a whole than saving it from the harm they would have caused .
the same can not be said for animals as they lack the potential humans have .
for animals they 're not likely to substantially improve the lives of those around them in the same way that humans are more on that in a moment .
thus the main factor in the suffering-pleasure calculation is the suffering/pleasure experienced by the animal itself .
that 's why we can use 'better than having never been born ' as our metric .
we ca n't really use that as our metric with people because unlike animals humans are quite likely to substantially improve the lives of those around them even in the long term .
had charles babbage person who first conceived the automatic digital computer had been killed prematurely his murderer would not only be inflicting the pain on him but would also be responsible for all the lost good that his ideas created .
had babbage 's mother given birth to him on one of these hypothetical farms babbage could have lived a perfectly idyllic life certainly better than having never been born however in choosing to imprison him and eventually kill him you would still be robbing the world of his ideas and thus robbing the world of the good that would result from them which would have a moral weight that would n't really be applicable with animals .
i would argue that pigs cows goats chickens all of them make really good friends ...
i think they 're provide utility in the same way as pets
and indeed if you had cows pigs goats or chickens as pets it would be quite immoral for someone else to kill them .
even if we take an example of someone raising these animals on a farm for the express purpose of killing them for meat and all our other conditions for ethical farming were met but then their child grows emotionally attached to them that would make killing them more immoral because of the lost benefit the kid would have received .
if you have a pet you know what i mean .
you know they have feelings and feel pain and especially fear because they do n't understand a lot .
every time an animal dies a mother a father and some siblings lost family .
while that is true the suffering on associated with death is kinda inevitable seeing as everything dies eventually .
the only way to avoid it is if you die first but then you 're inflicting that suffering on them instead .
so putting the responsibility for the suffering of loss on the farmer for killing the animals may not be appropriate .
now regarding the aspect of the lost good that would have been generated from the remainder of the animal 's life that most certainly does factor into things however that good that would have been generated is mainly just companionship for the other animals which can just as easily be replaced by another animal .
it 's also worth noting that this companionship is with other farm animals likely in similar circumstances so we can just include it in our 'better than having never been born ' metric
if we return to our 'child bonds with farm animals ' example if after the farm animals are killed the parents get the kid a pet that provides a comparable benefit in terms of companionship to the farm animals then that counteracts the issue .
the main thing with humans is that the benefit humans provide to others is more likely to be irreplaceable and has the potential to reach orders of magnitude more individuals than with animals .
for that reason it 's much harder to offset the moral wrong of killing a human compared with killing an animal .
eh not really because utilitarianism and other consequentialist moral theories tend to have a lot of implications for humans with imperfect knowledge that make them difficult to accept .
though for the purposes of this conversation utilitarianism is a sufficiently decent approximation for morality that 's significantly easier to work with so it 's probably best to use that as our standard here provided nothing in this discussion drags us out towards those problematic edge cases .
could you do the same for this comment netherage ?
i see this person is a doom patrol fan .
i literally saw that scene a couple of hours ago .
i 'm assuming those scripts for lack of the proper term fix the problem or am i wrong ?
it will make things easier if you finish the md or od but if you need to take time off take time off .
whether you finish or not if you get any full-time job at a federal state local 501 c 3 nonprofit organization including a university doing anything then you will make loan payments based solely on your income not your loan balance and the remaining amount will be forgiven after 10 years tax free .
i almost feel like w1 wants to build kep1er 's korean popularity rn participating in q2 and all .
number of intl fans would n't matter for this .
having said that i think she 's getting more spotlight in fandora round and she looked good in the short clip that i saw .
what i do n't understand is why some in her fandom be hating on members because they think it 's the members that is the cause for so little lines and screentimes .
if they were to use one of these pearls their ass would be sealed so tight they would n't be able to shite for a week thus no need to wipe
why is no one talking about that the second tribe did not know that rocksroy was the first tribe 's target when they were separated on entirely different beaches ?
and the fact that neither tribe had absolutely no influence on each other 's decisions up until when the second tribe walked into tribal .
it 's not the virus qnuts say the vax sheds .
ditto 😂 it feels great in the hand so far i have big hands and it seems to fit fairly well .
i threw a gas pedal replacement takedown lever on it if anyone was wondering the leo version looks like it came with the pistol .
to be fair i never keep it but i 've seen people upgrade it to max and i becomes a head exploder
i appreciate you bringing this to my attention but that is n't really what i was asking about
yea 2 prime jokic years lost so far to inj when they could 've won titles
i 'm sorry you your child and your spouse are in this situation .
as a spouse who has spent years with my husband in a state with no friends family or support while he works in his surgery residency and i sit alone with our toddler in an apartment i was going to say go with your husband .
your family is worth more than any career and if the career is your priority then you need to rethink how you will feel about having made that decision when you 're looking back on your life someday .
when i read the last sentence i realized that you wo n't go with your husband because you 're already fantasizing about a different life .
please seek counseling and rethink what you 're doing .
as the child of a father who left my mother for his mistress i can confidently say you do n't understand the damage you 're causing your children and you never will .
their lives will never be the same again and yours will not be what you think either .
a different relationship will not fix your unhappiness it will only bring you a different set of problems .
ap psychology is a really interesting class especially if you have a good teacher .
i think it all depends on what you wan na do in college .
taking humanities courses are great for liberal arts degrees !
and you 're also taking computer science if you wan na go into stem .
i 'm a junior rn and i 'm only taking 3 ap classes .
and i 'm gon na do apes senior year .
on what basis are you claiming that your mother will not fully recover and not be able to work at her job ?
she has n't even seen an orthopedic surgeon yet .
college is n't for everyone and i hate that society makes it such a big deal .
i have 2 bachelor 's psych biz and an mba .
i also got an associate 's but those do n't really count when you use it to transfer credits
it 's optics front and center not game play .
but i am sympathetic to how drea and maryann felt seeing the jury .
still as i posted elsewhere this beats a repeat of the cookout .
dollar index is about to hit a 19 year high
you can buy wheel locks aftermarket that do that probably for a civic too for less than 50
and then you wake up and it truly settles in that nobody will ever love you ... not speaking from experience tho 🥴
nah only when drunk and even then it 's mostly drunk jealousy
i 'm sorry to hear you went through that that 's fucked .
the halsey-keys family relationship in the show is okay but would never be allowed in a professional military setting .
the 3 of them would never be working as closely together as they are because it 's simply a conflict of interest .
the way things are going clearly liberalism has prevailed and advanced to my family my choice ''
there are a few website-building platforms eg carrd or squarespace or social media platforms tumblr plurk dreamwidth and other lj spinoffs that have communities of coders who share styles for others to use and customize and they 're usually very modular like this since they 're intended for people with 0 code understanding to be able to modify .
honestly tumblr layouts that overdocumented like this were what first got me into coding ten years ago .
i am of the opinion that ash can still continue his journey but our journey with him ends .
he rides off into the sunset and we start anew with a new trainer .
ash occasionally shows up probably during leagues but rarely stays around for more than 5 episodes .
this also leaves the door open for them to jump back to ash should the new protagonist be unpopular .
this is ranked second amongst my list of sea creatures i never want to see irl
there 's a magda changelings deck which has three tutors magda imperial recruiter and pyre of heroes .
since you like pod and 5-color commanders it might be up your alley .
parceque je préfère un pays où on interdit le voile bien que j'y sois personnellement opposé à un pays où on privatise les trains et hôpitaux on rend l'université payante on repousse l'âge de départ à la retraite et les acquis sociaux et où on détruit le système éducatif et se santé .
i like both games equally but on the internet i prefer terraria !
good shout i will check that game out so ive only played amara but would it be worth playing other characters too like from scratch ?
oh my fucking god i thought there was a 7 post limit on the actual dall-e 2 website u scared me man
i do n't think there 's anywhere you can see information that specific .
you should be able to see information like age ranges which i think would be more useful to target .
i 'd use meta events manager and look into the analytics there and in your specific ads in ads manager .
make sure you have at least pixel super easy to add on your shopify website get capi installed in the future if you have the means/developer who can assist with this .
some sites shopify word press etc.. are releasing a subscription where they can assist you with this for an added cost .
you 'll be able to see where people are visiting like website visits searches add to cart etc ... but you wo n't be able to see why they abandoned the cart since it ca n't read people 's minds .
could be cost is too high shipping or other factors .
you can watch youtube tutorials/web articles out there that cover this stuff
sounds like it would get the job done for what i want appreciate the help 👍
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
i was thinking more detailed tracking like medically monitoring hormones .
entirely impractical to do at home but would in theory work .
without such detailed tracking about 3-34 of women using the rhythm method with typical use can be expected for fall pregnant within a year .
if used perfectly the risk is still up to about 12 .
hey u/elektro6 we require about 50 words in posts body .
please write little more about yourself or what you are looking for and repost .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bdsmpersonals if you have any questions or concerns .
sorry but we 're currently not allowing anyone with brand new accounts to participate in this sub .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sportsbetting if you have any questions or concerns .
thanks a lot will let you know if it works !
yeah the testicles make you wake up with morning wood which results in you choosing to squeeze one out in bed the morning of the test which causes you to not have time to shower so the grease in your hair adds more weight during the simulatíon on average .
i 'm pretty sure disney had the lawsuit all written up and ready to go .
i heard it was filed within hours of the law being signed .
i think disney will win this one but unfortunately florida has poisoned their own well for a long time as far as drawing in major development
reminder from the mods to be nice to each other !
the intent of this sub is to relax and have a good time .
politics war or if the funny '' is mostly cuteness cringe or a freakout
violence injury animal abuse pornography or sexual/suggestive content involving minors
posts not marked nsfw if they contain profanity or anything that the viewer might want to view with discretion
racism discrimination or hate based on identity or vulnerability details https www.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/360045715951
threats of death or violence advocating death or violence glorifying death or violence or wishing death or violence
please do not report content that does n't break subreddit or site rules .
abuse of the report button in bad faith may lead to account suspension by reddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funnyvideos if you have any questions or concerns .
i would n't recommend moving from a 1st world country arguably the best country in the world to a 3rd world country with no job prospects poor way of life unbearably hot summers jus go to college find a major that interests you get a job you enjoy
if someone 's unhinged enough to point a gun at you not engaging them and getting away from them as fast as you can is exactly what you should do .
you should n't be assaulted like this and it sucks that it happened but having a gun pointed at you is the wrong time to argue who 's right and who 's wrong .
do you not get as much as the us ?
its a snarky kevin way of saying me too buddy
i see tons of references to teenage girls being married off like 13-14 .
i 'm also aware of arranged marriages where the agreement is set when they are that age but the actual marriage takes place much later .
i do n't see any reference to 6-9 year olds and mo 's is the only one that i can think of .
sent u the ss in the messages of those 2 too
the museum one was actually the mission that made the most sense .
there was no danger outside of trespassing until the demons showed up
yep i 'd say it 's horror comedy and big event '' movies .
for the last category the ones that stick out most for me are avengers first one and endgame revenge of the sith and return of the king these were all improved by being part of a large group who 'd lined up and were so excited to be there .
on the flip side i definitely did n't appreciate seeing joker with the creepy guy next to me who laughed and applauded intensely after every moment of violence .
age does n't really affect your fitness if you work out train your entire life .
add to that the fact that he 's a rare type of person who 's only real passion in life is what he does for a living and you have an alonso that would still be competitive even in his 50s .
sure rally does n't have 5g corners and 7g braking zones but f1 does n't have treacherous surfaces and bumps that could easily end you if you push too hard so it evens out .
we have been long time friends so i just keep trying to give him chances .
but this really is stepping over my boundary to the point where i want to avoid him .
thank you for your input it probably is for the best .
took a listen and i ca n't see why that 's not literally pointless ?
you can cycle a kick sample at whatever rate you want without changing the project tempo that 's just what synthesis is .
the drums are not at 1000bpm so there is no reason to be at 1000bpm
en fazla adam reddedilmesine rağmen devam etseydi taciz olurdu .
i use 2 healers on 10 giants and some heal spells to tank while wizards take out everything else hogs in cc if needed also always take a few archers to bait out enemy cc just in case and then lure to corner huts or furthest away from defenses and take em out with archers and wiz circling around the cc troops never in one spot to get splashed damaged on .
op just a heads up tip you want to get into the habit of thinking in ranges and playing your position 's range vs your opponent 's ' ranges .
study gto preflop charts to get a a feel for how you should be playing each position from each stack depth preflop .
then learn how different board textures interact with said ranges .
learn how to balance your range in a polarized or linear way depending on the situation or opponent with value and bluffs and then figure out the appropriate bet sizes you should be using for the hand at play .
a lot of training sites go over frequent common spots that come up but once you learn more you can get a solver and do your own work .
it seems like a lot but if you study enough from the right sources you will get better .
when you ask for help like this list down your region so we know whether we can help you or not
well considering they wanted to host champions in la i doubt it 's a worry riot has .
the only thing keeping them from hosting it in la are covid restrictions .
stick some flags and gravestone props and the disaster memorial unique building and may peace prosper on your land forever .
make a gan of cats and then win the internet with infinite cat pictures obviously .
i made it to fall off when it got hot ... .
the turnover in south co dublin the a94 postcode over the last 18 months has been crazy .
the most expensive residential property sold dalguise on the monkstown road went for €12m .
it 's going to be a site for 300 units .
haggling over the rising cost of be romaine lettuce .
to combat rising spam and alleviate issues with trolls we have suspended all comments for all posts .
you have done nothing wrong and can still post there is just no reason to comment on a post if you like it send a chat request if you do n't you get to keep your feelings to yourself .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyredditchat if you have any questions or concerns .
license keys that 's what we are essentially talking about .
can you pirate sure but that does n't mean a license does not have value .
it 's cool if you 're interested in the game but you really do n't have to go to bat and defend a big corporation for unpopular game design decisions
to be fair he 's been the alternative prog boomer dude for like 50 years .
i do n't know if he 's trying too hard to do it it 's been his life .
genesis were prog rock pioneers and you 'll still get some wild shit in his music now days .
definitely an artist that should n't be entirely judged just by the music you hear on the radio .
as to whether he was ever cool or not well ...
commentary here comments that purely commentate on the post e.g .
nice post op ! must be made as replies to the auto-moderator !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/debatereligion if you have any questions or concerns .
that looks like something ca n't out my finger on it though
i call it toxic validation but ewphoria is a pretty great name for that
that 's definitely an o not a c. but i ca n't wait for the dailymail or the sun to take this and run with it while doing none of their own research .
the other tattoo says aladdin tho so that 's another kim related one .
the titan serum transforms the eldian into a titan it 's like transforming the body itself .
unlike shifters they are the titan they are not inside the titan 's body .
shifters are like the power rangers inside the metatron while pure titans are the metatron itself i know metatron is not the name and i do n't remember it just trying to explain
the amount of tryhards in br are worse than garena ...
phrased to be funny but that was a bad joke i admit .
they are not a physical force and i 'm not sure to which degree they are a political force there .
i figured cosmos was the combination of all of the solar system star seeds including the sailor asteroids ' with usagi as the main person in control of all of that power ... or at least that 's how it came across to me in the manga ...
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
oh and instead of trying to come up with a good counter ... maybe just say what you 're really thinking reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.
bnt twitter please recognize me 👉👈 staging looks good but the song still does nothing to me .
are you only taking winter21 or would you take winter20 ?
i can always compete against pc players at this level but where i really struggle is when i have to try and track their movements left to right on a joy stick .
losing a dual because someone is able to drag more efficiently than you or youre unable to track them fast enough and miss is down right infuriating .
i hate canned soup too but dang the pics on the label make it look so so good .
so many are just 50 boob by weight it 's frustrating when the cute ones are far and few between .
i have n't gone to the tunnels you listed but i upgraded the weapons immediately after the fight .
the brass shield is 5 and the flail is 4 now .
i mean that 's why i wonder about the anglicized words because they are n't exactly as one would read them in english .
plus it gets confusing if you try digging for pronunciations online because often times they will all be slightly different .
that gauntlet would have been useful to intimidate stubborn citizens to pay their taxes https www.reddit.com/r/the_silent_halls/comments/uffa5k/rebellionofvaldon_tyranny_new_management_means .
that 's why for mid-high price unbranded items i check taobao for reviews instead .
for cheap items i do n't bother for items with recognisable brands i check amazon which is rife with fake reviews but still infinitely better than shopee/lazada
ya you just need to make sure the game runs fine on proton .
no big ports or anything steam makes it pretty easy .
you could realistically get down to about to around 30mg by then but i would n't expect to be much lower .
i 'm personally tapering 160mg and i 'm down to 26mg myself after 7 months of tapering .
i was doing 1mg a week from 40-30mg but i had to go to every other week once i hit 26mg .
maybe you get through one 5mg jump or two even but then it 's gon na take a month to or two to get used to the new dose let alone pack anymore on .
40mg to zero in 14 weeks is a lot faster then it sounds .
and again you 'd be pretty sick at the end .
i 'm 100 certain that they send you home at assessment for having giant pupils and a massive blood pressure and being in obvious withdrawal if you show up on the off chance you actually make it to zero in that time .
the last 25 of your dose is gon na take easily twice as long as the first 75 and be much much harder .
it can still be easy if you take it slow .
but try to speed it up and you are in for a world of hurt
the odds of a successful fast taper are just 2 .
and again you 'd still fail the physical assessment upon entering boot camp and be a liability to your entire squad .
i do n't understand why coming clean and getting a medical extension is such a big deal .
that 's what you signed up to do when you signed up for the army on methadone whether you want to admit it or not .
luckily i 'm confident the army will make that decision for you if you refuse to do so yourself .
i definitely do n't disagree with the person i responded to .
hmm.. i 've spent soooo much time thinking about alcohol that i slightly and respectfully disagree with op .
here is my explanation surprisingly not every problem drinker experiences dopamine euphoria when drinking .
there are 2 aspects to addiction the bigger one and the lesser one .
but he does not feel compelled to play golf every day .
this is what every drinker wants to control his drinking .
the lesser aspect therefore is the euphoria that makes people keep coming back to an activity occasionally .
the insecure feeling that you get when 24 hours have passed since your last drink .
the brain thinks its urgent so thats the only thing you can think about .
this is why drinker feels compelled to drink every day against his will .
short version the bigger aspect cravings makes people drink alcohol every day against their will and the lesser aspect euphoria makes people come back to alcohol even after a month of abstaining sorta like golf .
sometimes people drink for both reasons at the same time .
get a therapist read this post to them so they can tell you to break up with him
jorginho was n't properly out with injury but he was taking injections for what was reportedly immense pains he was having due to injuries which is still a significant issue .
kante must have been out for a combined time of like a month due to his knee injury and also covid .
reece james was injured for like over a month kovacic missed a chunk of the season due to injury and then got covid and had to miss out a few games .
missing key players for like a month is a massive deal .
injuries to key players in your most important positions will rock you and chilwell and reece are two of the most important players while the midfield was either injured of fatigued due to the lack of any real options
i will check it out and see if i can find it .
new smiths have that dreaded internal lock and the new pythons have been good to go once colt worked out the qc issues of the initial batch .
not to mention the new python action is simpler and wo n't go out of time as easily as older colts .
hopefully not but my players are not the brightest bunch ...
your such a great girl i want to stick my cock into your young adult rape meat body 😍
nothing wrong with being horny but i 'd you decide to have sex use some sort of protection
if it takes taylor 3 years to be a major contributor we are in trouble he 's only under contract for 4 years .
other than last man on earth and psych i re-watch these exact same shows .
i agree i think asmr is some evolutionary thing related to mother animals licking their baby 's fur or making noises to soothe them and help them fall asleep .
in terms of changes id make to this i think queen wasp shouldnt be in the circle at all .
like yeah they both made mistakes but that was 90 audrey being a horrible parent .
also penalteam is 100 more a marinette akuma than a chloe one the class as a whole went out of their way to rile up belittle and antagonise a chloe that for once literally didnt do anything to anyone .
then after she used those emotions to call shadowmoth so a mari akuma with a slight lean towards chloe .
that being said however while mari has more causes under her belt id say she gets the pass for how often she didnt intend to start the dominos that led to that situation
i dont race online in open lobbies for this reason .
i only race online with my league and friends .
it is really a shame this shit gets continually tolerated .
it even exists in hardcore '' racing sims like ac and acc .
the press is outsourced to social media users with smartphones .
it 's a smarter strategy as one benefit is that it provides a sense of authenticity
does it start brilliantly and just get worse and worse towards the end of the battle and then always lose ?
for the most part general fanbase are not knowledgeable about what happens under the table .
ncaa is again to blame for never going after schools and boosters unless it becomes blatant and going after the players instead .
they could have easily adopted evolved to common sense relaxation so players atleast have some avenue to earn money ...
it could have been that players are only eligible as sophome and above .
you have to meet certain criteria to be eligible ... . gpa social involvement etc .
a recruit shopping for cash offers at schools to commit ?
you are an olympian track athlete and a kick returner and nike wants to endorse you on track ?
without a clearer photo best guess is baby orbweavers .
nothing but a puppet he was necessary in the right place at the right time and if he stepped out of bounds he 'd be gone .
for sure so many ways for them to go too .
almost any time a baby is born any time they lose one anytime an adult is sad sick dying etc .
i 've cried more watching this show than in all my rewatches of titanic harry potter and buffy season 5 .
as a mother of a 12 month old this made me want to cry .
i could n't imagine people saying this about my daughter and not immediately deleting everything .
your child should be the most important thing in the world to you and you should do everything in your power to protect them .
if you do n't get along with the girl or the girl you wanted burned out '' which is reasonable it sounds like a bit of a roll of the dice .
otoh i 'm not an all-inclusive '' resort type of tourist so i get the appeal if you prefer those resorts .
could you do the same for this comment sophiruss01 ?
it 's a shame that we 've limited our mental construct of politicians so far they must be lawyers .
even though the concept should be the best gets elected on their ideas .
but this is america the most well funded get elected .
you have the body of a goddess so ill def choose you everytime
first of all is n't that still world hunger when the world is hungry ? ?
if you need a permit to do your side work and only master electricians can pull permits what is the typical cost to pay a master electrician to pull a permit ?
calling yourself a sigma male automatically makes you a smegma male .
i think your response to the amari situation is the most rose colored lenses perspective though .
the biggest issue most fans have was that the cowboys announced they were cutting cooper which lost all leverage .
had they not done that and tried to trade him there was clearly a massive market of teams willing to get a receiver .
just look at how the jets have been in on every receiver that 's been traded or rumored to be dealt and they have offered a 1st for all of them a willingness to pay these guys all 5m more than cooper is set to make .
say what you will but getting a 5th round and nothing better is a definite bungle by the front office .
but sure a 5th is better than an outright cut so if that 's really what they were going to do this was the better outcome .
omggg that 's awesome at least i 'll know one person kinda
loved aerosmith up until early 20 's but after attending 3 concerts that sucked the lovefest deteriorated .
i reserve my hate for modern country music alone .
if you ca n't see the difference between actual workplace mistreatment and a normal break
ok it 's been a while since i 've done physics but as long as shepard is properly braced should n't that force or at least the majority of be transmitted down into the ground instead of straight backwards ?
but regardless this is probably just an oversight on bioware 's part .
a docela se v tom odráží-dokonce se na něm i zpodobnil ve čtvrtè komoře mozkové .
hi thegodfathernix it seems like you might be looking for new anime to watch !
the users of this subreddit came up with a chart of anime recommendations for newcomers and veterans https i.redd.it/0w1v880jtq661.png and an awesome longer flowchart https i.redd.it/vdzlkodz19c71.png .
maybe you can find something there that you 'll like .
you might also find our recommendation wiki https www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/recommendations or weekly recommendation thread https www.reddit.com/r/anime/search ? q=flair 3aweekly+title 3a 22recommendation+tuesday 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on t=week helpful .
a useful website where you can enter an anime and see where it 's legally streaming https www.livechart.me/search
a useful wiki page with watch orders for many anime .
a list of tracking sites so others can more easily recommend shows you have n't watched .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/anime if you have any questions or concerns .
you 've really stretched the rhyme scheme here beyond repair not sure where to pick up it 's not fair
i mean he did ... . he literally sent out a holo-message telling people to report the outlander .
its just anyone weaker than arcann wouldnt stand a chance if they confronted the outlander
i do n't wan na be a downer but i might as well add some interesting details about this lymphoma if anyone is interested can just read it .
so as a personal one i 'm a 27 white male in the us this lymphoma if i 'm not mistaken is the rarest or one of the rarest in the united states and is mostly common in middle aged asian men .
my brother died 15 years ago from the same exact rare cancer that i now have at an even younger age of 19 .
his whole experience was much worse i wo n't even go into how lucky i feel .
his actually did attack his nose and took his right eye before he was done .
the current chemo drugs i 'm taking were not approved for first treatment until 2017 while being approved since 1994 for reoccurring .
all that said i 'm feeling very happy that these advancements have been made that appear at this time to be working well for me and hopefully future patients .
along with the hope that the doctors looking into potential genetics testing to see if there 's a possible reason we both got it and what it could possibly do for further research !
i agree with you that it 's definitely the case that they 've shifted spec difficulty across to encounter difficulty over the last few expansions i do n't know if it 's intentional or not but i think it 's probably good ?
i would not want snapshotting back in the game at all for example even though it undoubtably gave many specs a higher skill ceiling .
i would say i 'm not necessarily talking about more buttons or raising the skill ceiling of specs although i think there 's room for that some specs and nothing on the scale of the legion spec revamps either .
got the same reaction though maybe a bit less intense something like there was an abort on the mission and they could n't dock with the iss or something like that .
what gets me with the few rotten apples '' crowd is that even when they find a pitch black rotting apple they all too often shrug their shoulders and put it back in the fruit bowl .
you could get a genetic test done to know for sure .
we did one with embark and it gave us a bunch of details on coat traits .
now for your birthday close your eyes drop them jocks and and and 🍆🍆💦💦💦😎 yummy 😎
i 'm blanking on the guys name right now but one of the more noteworthy atheist books has some pretty insane islamophobia towards the later part of the book .
it 's also a general problem that atheists '' use atheism to justify islamophobia it 's a loud minority though .
writing it out and practicing it a bit beforehand helps so much !
the only one i 'd be concerned with are those closely associated with the kents ... like kara and alex and possibly the luthors .
the fact that he does n't go too in depth .
now look i get it 's supposed to be overly simplified but he can at least go a little more in depth into his videos .
like in the video about napoleon he could 've gone more in depth into the louisiana purchase but he just mentions it for a brief and completely ignores it at all for the rest of the video
ya when i had the back of my arm done near the arm pit was intense lol felt like it was on fire .
i 'm sure there is something in the user agreement that negates the idea of refunds if they shut down .
if not with them being a chinese company i doubt there is much that could legally be done regarding refunds .
more like i think what will happen is what happened with the previous nikki game .
as far as i know it 's still up it just no longer receives updates .
i only know that because i looked at the game ones in the gp store and a lot of the reviews were talking about how the game just does n't get updated anymore .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallcutie if you have any questions or concerns .
monster train is perhaps more like slay the spire but it does have a position based combat system .
mark just regurgitates whatever the majority/loudest minority says and that 's it .
he believes he 's a profesional writer just because he read a pedantic book about character arcs once .
sadly the internet is full of people like him .
compared to nukie movies like ryan 's babe and the jar look competent as fuck .
they must have been in an insanely forgiving mood that day to think that nukie was too well made to be on their show .
you keep acting like these fictional characters are real and separate from the author . ''
they 're not real but they absolutely are seperate from the author you fucking idiot .
a character 's views is not a direct reflection of the author 's views and nothing they say has to be a direct transcript of the author 's words nor does it have to be their thoughts in any way .
hajime isayama is an author hange is a character he wrote .
hange does not have to say everything that isayama thinks or feels in any scene including this moment .
they are an extension of the author 's writing yes but that does n't mean he uses them as a vessel to speak every single opinion he has on the events of the series .
fucking hell based on how you seem to want your fiction isayama might as well just walk his weasely ass on screen himself and go hey hey guys !
here 's the message of the story for ya ! ''
in no way shape or form would isayama think when writing that scene about anything you said . ''
you 're not fucking omniscient you pretentious ball of marzipan .
you have no idea what isayama was thinking when he wrote the scene .
he could have been thinking this argument completely debunks everything jean just said '' he could also have been thinking hange is stressed and confused and in this moment ca n't come up with any sure counters to what jean is saying so she will stand firmly with her moral principles even if it sounds stubborn and naive . ''
he could have also been thinking man i want to fuck connie 's mom so badly . ''
the point is that none of us know what isayama was thinking or what his goal is with this line .
yet you automatically assumed that his goal was to get us to side utterly with hange and forget jean 's arguments entirely and claimed isayama failed in this task you randomly decided he was aiming for with that line .
stop assuming that you know exactly what he was thinking with that line because you have no fucking clue .
they actually do for a lot of people that dude on this subreddit had his elbow snapped .
it depends on your flexibility and biomechanics but a fair amount of people will have their elbow go before shoulder
if i 'm understanding this correctly and i wanted to enjoy this recipe as one large serving i would need 3 tiny slow cookers .
and do n't float for days if the water is cold you might never float .
the fact that it 's written somehow makes you immune to making mistakes ... while writing ?
what in the goddamn hell are you even talking about ?
they do n't believe in sky daddy so that automatically makes them smart .
then why did it take 8 years for them to stage another attack when the middle east was still desperately in need of weapons ?
but when i stopped running and the pandemic hit i gained 50 pounds .
not sure of brands and i 'm unable to check just now but i believe i found them at target and/or old navy .
just so you know the guy is still salty/toxic af ... he gave me some high quality sodium chloride the other day as it goes p
i think omo ramen in chesterfield village is better ramen value but not as much style .
placing valentina 's broken nail on tony 's dresser to make sure he saw it then basically extorting him for 40k from the bird feeda then investing that money into shitty stocks bonds .
most expensive piece of ass he 's ever had .
hmm that sounds similar to sniper body shot into slap could be worth practicing .
ophidians is why i picked a warlock for this in the first place .
i 've seen some let 's just say unflattering pictures of ballets dancers feet .
in our attempt to fight spam and fake accounts we automatically have submissions from unverified or new accounts removed .
send us a modmail with a link to your verification post http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fasstastic if you are 1 trying to verify with us or 2 already verified at r/gonewild or other similar subreddits .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
55 tots collectibles which is equal to around 160 normal event collectibles
man you said a million words in a 1 phrase .
and i dont just mean the general interpretation i mean anyone felt that nsfl .
or you know get your news from sources bereft of propaganda ?
it would be nicer without all of these unnecessary ultra aggressive base running mistakes
intention control a 5.5v air pump on a second power supply with an arduino uno running a 2n7000 mosfet .
in the images the bottom power rails are the external power the top is arduino .
mosfet gate lead is connected to one of the digital pins on the arduino uno and does function by turning the motor on and off .
issue when connected directly to the external power supply the motor runs noticeably fast sucks to around 20 '' hg vacuum in a second or so and reads about 4.3v across the motor leads .
on the mosfet it runs quite a bit slower takes a bit to get to pressure tops out around 7 '' hg and reads around 3.3v across the motor leads .
i 'm fairly a bit of a noob to arduino and fancy electronics so i 'm probably using the wrong mosfet for the job and other components ? .
any advice on reconfiguring the existing parts or what to order and where to place new parts is greatly appreciated .
have n't heard much about duran but he 's really good .
my grandparents were racist because they lived and worked in the city amongst the inner city black people .
being exposed to those people is what causes racism .
fun girl yandere simulator a rarely seen individual like golden freddy and even can be triggered like golden freddy does in the '1987 ' custom night input in the first game as for saikou she only appears if you modded the game during a point of certain builds .
you look like a dirty little slut that would drool over the cocks youre given .
who 's the little kid coming to the ring with ziggler ?
i dont see how loans could work since why would another team take the burden of devoting training space to a player they can not benefit from selling or having later ?
in real football big clubs can loan out their young talents for experience because they play as well or better than the players the real already has but this would not line up the same in hattrick .
you can just buy you own trainees and have or sell them yourself so why take a loan ?
e can block her boosted autos and reduce the dmg dealt by her q and r. q allows you to catch her or run away and r can make you tank the universe .
i 've never lost my lane against a riven as jax even if you do n't have the advantage early on
how can you play for a year and not be able to get high numbers ?
i mean 100k is not even that high that 353k he got is pretty high tho 1mil is whale level high for example .
you are basically required to do relatively high numbers to get 36
oh man considering i 'm on mood stabilisers now not diagnosed with bipolar to my knowledge but they just kind of threw them at me i think i get why i was such a chaotic mess through my early 20s now
i love watching the movies with the girls on my phone so much more chances of me having a chance of being in the gaps in my life
i think this would be much more thoughtful than anything bought in a store personally .
someone putting their time thoughts and creativity into something for me or my baby would be so sweet !
they give you all the benefits of tampons with none of the downsides not drying can be left in for longer better for the environment .
once it 's properly inserted i ca n't feel mine at all .
with tampons i always knew there was something although it was n't quite as unpleasant for me .
putacupinit.com https putacupinit.com is a great resource if you 'd like to learn more .
i 'm gon na commit these verses to memory and use them whenever i get those stupid ass scripture bills .
but if their infrastructure is n't getting damaged or causing a safety concern they probably wo n't be immediate .
i 'd guess they will be there sometime in the next 2-4 hrs
i crave to be more femme and demure like you
what is wrong with these people it 's like voluntary mental ilness .
she did all that kung fu and then pulls a cig out of her mouth like this was just another wednesday night lol .
the primary definer of your wealth and success is the social class you were born into with race barely affecting your success besides historical connections between certain classes and race .
the current racial disputes and debates are literally just a smokescreen created by the rich to keep us poor folk blaming each other .
you create a section and define what are common and exclusive use areas .
elsewhere or in same section not sure how your leases are organized but i have a section about third party vendor installations and modifications to the property .
i disallow satellite dishes or any third party equipment attached permanently or temporarily to the common area structure/building including roof siding or property .
i also ban any drilling into structure or interior walls to take of any cable penetrations these companies might want to do .
i also understand that tenants might want cable internet etc ... and therefore have prewired the building and brought coax data cat6 and even telephone should they need it to al important areas like bedrooms living rooms .
basically where i thought they might want a tv computer wifi etc ...
id rather do this myself than deal with the typical shoddy work ive seen from installers and place the cables where i judge appropriate in a neat workmanlike manner and not leaving holes in my roof/siding for water infiltration etc ...
some guy 's family took such big poops that they had a poop knife to cut it up so it wouldnt clog the toilet .
he thought this was normal until college when he asked his roommate about the poop knife situation
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 you must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just yes '' or no '' .
you may want to try to post your question in r/polls .
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on askreddit .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
try including question phrases like what is ... '' what are ... '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i would n't go as far as always but it usually is .
and i have no idea how to make a texture myself
i can last 5.5 seconds in sex but 5 seasons in ps5
i think a scarlett witch game could be bad ass .
you could have a huge verity of powers and abilities and it could delve really deep into her trauma
you must not know how racing works especially international series .
all the way from karting ages 6 or so until the pinnacle of motorsports f1 the fia is involved and they just opened an investigation .
if he is found guilty by the fia it will likely be a 10 year ban in which case his career is essentially over ...
he may be over to come over to the states where the fia has limited reach but he 'd have to bring crazy amounts of cash since he just ruined his chance to move up and prov himself .
but i have to agree with you that the nhs is a load of shit when it comes to mental health stuff .
i 'm in the north east so have no experience with any specialist clinics .
lethal injection is an execution method that 's so complicated that it requires a doctor to perform but doctors ca n't execute people .
i 'd rather get executed by firing squad because it 's a lot harder to mess up .
i was expendable to the point that they labeled me as a contractor '' because they were in a hiring freeze '' .
which meant i was a full time employee doing serious shit that they did n't have to provide benefits to .
one is dead and the other is perfectly fine .
also 3.17 is right around the corner in wave 3 ptu right now so things might change .
as far as i understand they 're lenient on linux-users for the time being while things are getting dialed in so we should n't be too worried about bans .
you realize that not a single one of those mod packs are made by 1 person right ?
in some cases stares at the journey to valhalla line its 50-90 separate mods most if not all of which are made by different people .
the only active mod teams that i know of are odinplus and valheimplus and they both take time to update their shit .
if they had a team of 50 devs to work on the game they 'd probably get it out faster but i 'd rather it stay what the original team wants it to be instead .
at the end of the day tho it 's a fucking early access game .
it 's right there in the text box that none of you piss ants read and then come here to bitch and whine when updates do n't come fast enough .
do we seriously not know what early access means after all these years of it being a thing ?
let the devs go at their own pace or shut the fuck up and move on .
i do n't think they 're saying all teachers are pedos ?
i do n't watch but that seems farfetched even for tucker .
yeah i watched the original tcm for the first time alone in my room and talked shit and made jokes out loud to myself because it was the only way i could get through it .
it took me about 5 hours to watch because i kept stopping it to do something else more fun then making myself go back because surely there was something i was missing and i had to see it through because everyone and their mother worships this film .
one word missing and your brain just completely shuts down lol .
if you were radio girl you would have a radio but you dont
i ca n't believe walt and jesse are going to be in it .
it ended with one of those cliche or did he ?
i 'm pretty tempted to buy some plastic bugs now .
its all good til u let them outside and they start floating away
these should load faster but amp is controversial because of concerns over privacy and the open web https www.reddit.com/r/amputatorbot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot .
maybe check out the canonical page instead https quoteinvestigator.com/2013/12/11 can not fool https quoteinvestigator.com/2013/12/11 can not fool
i 'm sorry but talks the one with a pfp that would ideally attract male audience ... ?
i 'll ignore the fact the she 's tryin ' to speak for all the girls but the photo with the tummy and tights is n't mainly to get the attention on a dating app ?
as it would be like posting an arm with veins 👩🏻‍🦯
plus i really like veiny arms i 'm double offended
you are using partition decorator table_name yyyymmdd in your destination table so bq writes and truncates data only for that partition .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kgbtr if you have any questions or concerns .
not completely speculative as the overall commodity complex wheat corn canola and in turn soybeans etc has been severely affected by the ukraine crisis .
another big factor is cost of inputs ie fertilisers which adds to costs .
add to this rising fuel costs which add to an already strained freight sector .
finally weather in major food producers affecting crop during key months leading to a pretty grim picture sadly
hello i see the language you 're from balkan if you 're active please send me a private message
yes i was on topiramate for years but it stopped working .
i use botox and cefaly which help reduce the pain .
i see a nutritionist who says one cause of my migraines is low blood sugar and i modified my diet .
i eliminated all artificial sweetener nitrates sulfates and msg .
deserved tbh pyramid head 's power really is n't meant for that .
no matter if you tunnel her or not she will still stay barbed and that mori on her could come in handy way later in the game .
you 're cherry-picking the two winners they 've ever had .
how can you possibly know which ones will work out until you have the benefit of hindsight ?
i feel like stan in the south park nambla episode .
then they go on some rant using whatever rationalization they can come up with .
which is then just followed by dude ! ! !
you 're trying to teach sex to children ! ! !
they also said melee builds will not be affected by the changes to fortify '' and that was a flat out lie half the melee builds can not use it anymore .
lately you have to start judging their actions not their words .
it makes sense there is definitely high level fkery going on at bcg but not every employee should be thrown into the fire with the ones that are directly involved ... i 'm a low level local government employee working in parks rec and when everyone was saying that all government employees should not be allowed to trade stocks i was really upset and getting pissed off .
i have no inside knowledge of anything lol ... maybe furtelizer bug spray used but that is seriously it .
like myself there are many low level employees at bcg probably just living paycheck to paycheck like myself unaware of corruption .
sometimes a job is just a job and nothing more .
you may well be right there seems to be intramuscular bleeding in the gluteus muscles right where superior gluteal artery would be .
how are you to reverse a split of a share if it never split ?
prog diluted more shares back in november iirc i think you mean if they bought back the diluted shares .
it 's crazy man like is n't it when you first see symptoms it 's already too late or something like that
it 's a dollar you ca n't even get a pack of gum for a dollar .
lol i thought it was gon na b all 9 of them at the same time
boss number one sounds like of one of friends .
well ex-friend '' is probably the best way to phrase it .
i sound like factor two so i 'm going to leave it at that .
i 'm gon na make the crazy play here and go eight sand .
i 'm a chick if you need to use me for like voice verification
personally i 'd take philosophy as it seems like a nice change of scene from your other classes and super interesting .
i wouldve done philosophy if i was allowed to do a forth did physics maths chem .
something does n't have to be perfect it just has to work well enough .
there are advantages to the autoloader concept and that 's what soviet and now russian doctrine favors .
it allows for more tanks since 25 fewer crewman enable you to have more crews .
it also fits in with their doctrine where tanks are used primarily in an offensive role .
most soviet era and modern russian tanks are not designed for hull down defensive fighting .
what 's really hurting them in ukraine is that a lot of basic maintenance and training was n't occurring .
money for it as well as parts and supplies were disappearing due to rampant corruption .
the soviet system and the current russian federation have been and still are notoriously corrupt .
it 's been a part of their culture for many decades and permeates society at all levels .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanschicks if you have any questions or concerns .
if you get pulled over in chattanooga the cops will save your soul if you agree to it .
just read the comment now but the op did say afterwards they got attached at week 14 .
i play atomic and i think statistics on that one are identical didnt like it trough too slow and too slow gun reload too .
enjoyed sta-2 way more with the superior firepower and mobility .
fenrig was to extact feyd material incsse both feyd and paul died because they both were ends of the gene pyramid
my friends and i growing up always said it stood for hentai 🤷‍♀️
that is awesome ! ... ..thank you for sharing this with us all and letting us know there is always hope !
r/promoteonlyfans is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/promoteonlyfans if you have any questions or concerns .
and if you see it as a reward for when you 've passed your year ?
then you can do the small jobs that are necessary for earning the money and reward yourself and enjoy it even more because you really deserve it ?
sorry if it 's not what you want to hear but it 's the best way i can think of for you to get what you wish for .
and let 's face it this is a wish not something you life depends on .
it will be something to look forward to wo n't it ?
we have a general rubbish chute on each level then recycle bins downstairs in the carpark as well as normal skip bins too .
plus we can put our glass bottles in the chute room on the floor for the staff to collect and dispose of properly
maybe join clubs for things like writing i recall you mentioned that you like writing .
a lot of people are in shallow/superficial friendships and thats where you end up in situations where you have to impress people .
and its a good thing that you cut those friendships off .
it would not be worth it in the end .
it will take some time to meet the right people .
i had a similar issue myself when i moved in the u.s .
friendships here can be kinda rough but its doable .
4kids first declared bankruptcy 4 years after they lost the license to one piece and did n't fully cease operations until 10 years after they lost the one piece license .
it was a company that had a lot going on and definitely did not put all its eggs into the one piece basket .
i think brrzerker or spore warden is the best mix .
spore warden would really pump the companion add gun damage and also works for more hammer throwing and a stronger dome .
brrzerker allows to be constantly enraged and also adds very good damage to the hammer throw .
well the question is to fade or not to fade giannis .
damn ngl salary like that feels like someone insulted you .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
he carried me a lot in earlier game and i finally managed to get him with a ticket .
it pretty weird to think i actually managed to pull multiple limited ssr servant before but never once pull waver .
i 'd rather he missed that to make sure he never plays for us again
there are capacity issues but not yet in this case .
i completed the bios update but it unfortunately did n't solve the problem 😕
so how do you tell if your shit is good or not
read the handbook posted in the other comment but in addition to that just avoid poor taste .
the best points of er are when you 're in one of the big major dungeons finding your way around that basically just play like a standard souls game .
the open world and minor dungeons suck like 90 of the time .
i liked the open world for like the first 3 hours and then it was old .
hugely popular series that no one talks about anymore except to say how shit the ending was .
so bad the showrunners lost their big star wars contract .
made funnier than they sped through and tanked the final season to do that .
i 'm in the bay area as well and despite several spans of time in therapy over the past fifteen years i 've still never found a therapeutic relationship that did much more than waste time and spin the wheels .
there are tons of counseling professionals in the area who list asd and related things in their apa mini bio and their own websites .
and if you give them an exploratory first phone call they can say yes they 've worked with similar clients and believe they 've helped them .
the problem is in my experience so far none of that means much at all and i 'm still just as likely to find myself ten or twelve weekly sessions into a new therapist and making absolutely no progress for reasons that always feel closely tied to the person just not having enough depth of understanding what we face every day and how it feels .
time and again i encounter what must be standard advice to nt people yet simply does not even begin to address the challenges i 've tried to explain and describe .
i feel like i need counseling from someone who has not merely had some similar clients and thinks they 've helped them '' but who has spent time as an active researcher in the field of autism as one of their primary focuses .
fat chance i 'll ever get to speak to someone like that on the government dime via medi-cal but i can still hope for something at least a step or two farther in that direction .
you should distinguish between what america would call liberals '' and socialists .
both will usually vote for the centre left or left option but liberals are much more concerned with the cultural issues you seem focused on .
socialists are generally more concerned with remedying the exploitation of the working class by owners of capital and those remedial policies often also tend to benefit minorities .
nice framing but the eye is distracting once you notice it .
i watched these catholic fellows who protest abortion on youtube .
they are scarily straight laced and prematurely middle aged .
i 'm assuming maybe that 's the kind of thing these fellows thinks is a gentleman '' .
meanwhile a dude who is funny and sometimes a bit of a cheeky dickhead is probably a bad boy '' .
this is a revelation i had recently about the kind of perspective some of these dudes might have .
they are certainly very very conservative if you read enough of their shit on .is
and then you get like 5 huge storage bins 10 gallons of purified or distilled water 6 cases of 24pk waters and 4 boxes of baby wipes/diapers
a perfect version of this video cop folds the guy in half by kneeing his balls into oblivion then does the same to the camera man .
outside of the great lakes region these most tastes like home .
you 're getting downvotes because who gives a fuck how rare it is ?
it 's one of the worst things that can happen to a human being .
all the lorelei/overshield titans are probably found somewhere here crying abt blade barrage now
hey guys afraid there 's a bit too many comments for me to keep up with all them at this point .
i 'll only be doing whatever catches my eye from here on out .
because it includes battery charging which appears instantaneous to the customer
in madrid every taxi is either a prius regular or station wagon or a skoda octavia .
there are another models those model shall be approved by the taxi association but those two are the most popular .
but you need to bowl odean or sams level shit to win from there .
holy shit this defending ... goal scorer is wide open right in front of net no one tracking down the run into the box .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cumsluts if you have any questions or concerns .
strawberry i do n't know he 's behind the couch
if they deliver it to your house and there 's no payment before then you might try .
but if they ask for any type of registration fee or shit just leave it .
the health care situation is more complex in canada than how it is portrayed in the american media .
if i want an appointment with my doctor i can usually have one within a couple of days .
if it 's an emergency i can either see him the same day or they will tell me to go to the hospital .
at the hospital you will receive attention according to the urgency of your problem .
the waits you usually hear about are for non-essential procedures .
there is some private healthcare in canada but even that is often offset with government funding .
a few years back i needed a simple non-essential procedure done .
this was something that took about half an hour and did n't require any sort overnight stay although i was rendered unconscious for it .
i could have gone to the hospital where the wait was a few months or opted for a private facility to do the procedure within a few days .
i mean just earlier he helped you kill uumuu .
😉😉😉 plenty more where that came from on only fans page !
can anyone explain to me why that is such a bad comment ?
if you do n't remember the article/context at that time denmark was debating banning the burqa/niqab which he was against banning .
he wrote that article/op to say that in a democratic country no matter if you think it looks ridiculous hence the comparison to letterboxes you do not tell women what they can or can not wear .
is it the comparison to letterboxes that made everyone ignore the context ?
if so that 's pretty ridiculous considering that people compare nuns to penguins all the time because of their attire .
there are way worse things than he has said than him defending women 's right to wear burqas .
when the death star came under attack by the rebe scum he chose not to evacuate and to die beside his men
inginer it pe vremea comunismului însemna că erai folosit pentru spionaj și furt tehnologic
1. e stupid sa spui ca toti inginerii it erau folositi la asa ceva
2. indiferent daca tacsu a fost implicat in asa ceva sau nu poate facem diferenta dintre spionaj pentru obtinere de informatii sau furt tehnologic comercial si securismul ca politie politica .
in primul caz si tarile democratice se implica si in zilele de azi sa nu fim naivi .
pur si simplu omul asta valeriu arunca cu cacat in ventilator .
i just need the title and the first sentence .
i wanted a gd hatch in highschool soooo bad they 're awesome here in socal .
if we get snow a lot of people ca n't make it up the mountain to go skiing/snowboarding .
the gd hatch was perfect because you could fit 4 people plus their gear and have a mostly open day of snowboarding .
as i was looking i came across the saab .
i had no idea it was the same damn car just a different front end like the 86 twins .
then i got to thinking imagine a closed deck 92-x with 6 spd and dccd stock body sleeper .
i ended up in an 04 sti since it came with that already lol bought from original owner who had the motor built .
a ball hit from home plate to center field would be traveling southeast
i 've finished to you twice today already everything about you is just so fuckable ❤️❤️
they have brighton at home next surely they can rotate for that ?
i know but i based the stats off of the card swabbie and it uses the pvzh art so screw it .
probably sasha grey or cadey mercury but do n't usually watch porn .
i ventured onto sissel 's route last week and was surprised how long it took before i reached the end of the content .
i 'm not a fan of playing games who are in development but there was so much already that i can recommend the game .
since you are better informed than i am any idea when tempation 's ballad will get a full release ?
i have n't played the game yet and i would be interested in playing the full version when it comes out but i have no idea how long that would take .
how close do you think the game is to being complete ?
⬆️ upvote this comment if it fits the purpose of r/minecraftsuggestions .
⬇️ downvote this comment if it does not fit the purpose of r/minecraftsuggestions .
🚩 downvote this comment and report the post if it breaks the rules https www.reddit.com/r/minecraftsuggestions/wiki/rules of r/minecraftsuggestions .
subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/minecraftsuggestions/wiki/rules mcs discord https discord.gg/6pbt6rr8kc subreddit wiki pages for the fps faq implemented etc .
i literally stopped at sin for a moment and thought wow .
somebody who has n't sinned then i read the rest took a minute and realized it 's math 🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️
ja baje so ga točno zaradi tega ker je bil preveč ekstremen vrgli ven
i looked the other day are there are around 9k i believe .
i 'm writing one about brynjolf and an assassin lady .
my dad made his million currently in the hole and has no prospect of getting out of it but even with first hand experience he still does n't see how its different nowadays .
the ruzis will have a lot of books/articles written about them in the future .
i think he bit off more than he chew with memphis 😄
that dude sounds like he 's having a hard time breathing
hiyoko and kirumi since same va and because i would love to see kirumi put hiyoko in her place
the first successful qp nm solo at t-5 before the 1st patch .
team could n't hold the front door and one by one went down .
i was still figuring out certain routes and slowly but surely manage to get all 12 crates into the van with a speed deck .
guy told me he did s my d when we completed it which i chuckled .
i could n't make sense of a lot of your post to be honest 😂
if you still have the tree drown the soil in a pot of water until there are no more bubbles .
if it 's dead then my advice would be get something bigger than a bonsai and have it stay outdoors year round .
i would think zone 10 is fine for citrus but if you get hard freezes bring it inside or cover it up .
bigger trees than bonsai have more room for error and if she wants fruit she 's really not gon na get it on a bonsai .
maybe a few but it 's just not a high yield tree .
i love this theory as well but i 'd rather set a cap .
only for the sole purpose of all the money being redirected back into our country businesses will give us the realistic possibility for everyone to have free healthcare without crippling the economy
it think the vasenol balm would be too heavy for face maybe if you have very dry skin .
but the neutrogena glow peeling is very good on the face
i think it could be good it is a way too add raichu since i think a-raichu is more popular
nearly every metric showed henry declining last year pre injury and the eye test showed it too
that 's 30mins out of town not eastern passage .
i 'd say that reagan was one of the first .
second rate actor and not the brightest tool in the shed even at his best but more than willing to listen to his handlers/advisors .
you need more than 1000 total karma to post here .
read this for an explanation of post vs comment karma
in the meantime feel free to post your oc memes in r/specialsnowflake to gain entry before you reach 1000
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
is it just me or was walter being kind of overdramatic in this scene ?
i do n't see why he 's such a betazoid and ca n't just be a cool sigma like heisenberg .
new fan since 2015 and i 'd love a way to know what tyres drivers are on and how old they are the tyres not the drivers .
yes i want to buy so many other hardware items to get rid of my dish tv service and before you know it you have a 1000 .
im running a pretty high end setup just built a new one pre-corona but i still play pf pretty regularly .
im mostly drawn to it because how active the devs are and the amount of new shit they release .
why is it when she is sucking dick she looks like a gta 5 character
i think wal-mart built this android to combat the internet
until he starts blanking every week then his masculinity fades into fpl abyss
one mediocre debut and people lose it ... jesus ok the debut was horrible the guy is clearly looking bit ready .
knowing tk his main asset is how he listens to the fanbase .
this ai n't vkm shoving every pet project into our throats .
you ca n't expect users to react the same way to a different platform .
sure there are users who use both equally but consider that there are probably at least some users of reddit who do n't want anything to do with twitter .
no hate but this is the corniest shit i 've seen since the day after all you can eat elote .
i live at 308 negra arroyo lane albuquerque new mexico 87104
i am dj atomik the eyes and ears of ssks fans and players .
flowing straight from my room with a 262 mountain photo gallery .
here is the information about the mountain you climbed today .
athletes are encouraged to be careful when going up and down .
the first two men went through a difficult time .
the strong wind hit the cars and threw down the trees .
i was called patrol 3 and i was nervous .
it took two years to turn the magi ssks into a major competition .
drivers pay more for redesigned roads the world is crazy .
the newcomers as pedestrians built strong carriages in many buildings here contestants create the best translations but fearless ways to tell stories .
of course it takes a lot more time to add energy .
the big mountain of ssks ... you like it .
this year 's contestants include alegra soviz nate logan model vigo rowling and artist griff simmons .
in addition several ssks fans have returned amazon star alice riggs hip-hop legend taylor fraser and celebrity joe payne to name a few .
i did n't even notice that logline was also yours .
if i were you i would get the main components of the story down the stuff that 's going to make us feel and root for your character whether that 's in an outline or a full draft then punch it up with the jokes and gimmicks .
i think it could be fantastic if executed well with the one-liners you mentioned .
mother 3 is my 2nd favorite game ever and one of the best rpg‘s ever made
i 'm very close with my parents and sister .
my parents can be conservative at times but i do n't necessarily see that as a bad thing .
my mom can be a little annoying with the gaslighting but she 's otherwise a sweet person .
sure some of his opinions i do n't agree with but that 's ok .
i still remember her when she was a baby and lowkey kinda treat her as such 😅 .
i have an uncontrolled population of them in my yard and they are destroying it .
hi op did you find other deleted stories by vedros ?
yeah there 's not enough money to spend on political ads to make that district turn blue right away .
and this is coming from someone who was born in that part of the state .
tbh i just booted up a battle to see how it performed and adjust controls at my heart i 'm a good ol us of a player haha
it has a little help from a plant light though .
less since the new vegetable generation needs most of it right now but it seems to be sufficient .
only about 3 weeks to go until it will be warm enough to see the outside again .
i bought this guy from a plant shop in january .
i think it 's time to repot and he 's 16 '' tall from the top of the soil to the top leaves .
do i need a moss pole at this point or should i wait until the next repot ?
i know you should n't tie off the petioles and i 'm not sure any nodes are really tall enough to warranty tieing ?
i like to think it was more they bounced down one of those sets of stairs that plays piano key sounds each time you hit a step .
down vote going on my alt to downvote as well .
it does n't do it for me anymore like it did those first few times .
i 'd like to see a game that fills the gap between 0 and 1 lots of cool stuff could happen there
but implementing it will likely require a lot of r d
there 's no way to guarantee '' a 5 .
that weapon you have has a 2 drop rate .
took me 3 hours to farm just 1 at 242 item discovery .
it 's funny cos like you said a lot of folks think of dark side/wish you were here/the wall as pink floyd 's masterpiece albums .
but in my experience if you ask someone who 's listened to a lot of floyd what their favorite album is it 's usually animals .
not trying to gate-keep here just something i 've noticed after talking to many pink floyd fans .
also a little biased cos animals is hands down my favorite album by them as well
i 'd suggest adding keepsake keys but y'all ai n't ready for that yet
you have to agree on the name of your child and if she proposed something that you do n't like for whatever reason it 's on to the next .
there are too many names out there for one parent to hate the name of their child .
might be a great old one pact we know from the mountains of dadness mini series that the doodler is akin to a great old one .
i do n't care if his limit side b would now kill at 100 on all characters it would n't be worth it .
i think it 's probably because he 's been using his apple tv and added it to his phone recently .
i presume the apple tv does n't come under ‘mobile devices ' so it 's not prompted .
i just get a more mild high for a shorter amount of time
the biological relationships between bogs and humans are not there with cows
multi pking has always been the most active scene in the entire wilderness .
clans use it for prep fights p2p saturday f2p sunday and multi trips .
his wikipedia says he 's related to peter capaldi but it also reads like he wrote the page himself .
also apart from the amazing infrastructure people in the netherlands generally cycle short distances at a time on very flat ground and on sturdy heavy bicycles that can carry a person on the rear rack so they go slow .
those who ride faster racers but also some people who commute longer distances on faster bicycles than an omafiets do wear helmets .
those who only ride at a runner 's pace on segregated cycle paths or quiet roads no less well of course they do n't wear a helmet it 'd be silly like wearing one for crossing the road on foot .
and you do n't honestly think if a male actor was there he would have just asked her age specifically hahahahaahahahaaa come on
yes they smashed each others phone becuz momo was jealous of aizens 12 max pro iphone .
it 's not like he 's pocketing the money that would go to some people worth half a billion dollars
i 've been downvoted for my take on age gaps
i think it 's more a rule-of-thumb type of deal for that in that many times a large age gap ends up being an issue and sometimes a very serious one .
there 's a lot of people that date far younger specifically and for all the worst kinds of reasons or sometimes it 's just a matter of basic incompatibility of being in two very different places in life .
however that does n't mean it ca n't ever be two decent well-meaning people in a functional and healthy relationship like presumably with you and your bf .
that being said overall i think it 's still probably best if people are gently discouraged from notable age gaps in relationships especially for those who are n't yet certain or secure in themselves or are n't experienced with relationships enough to know where their boundaries are and to make sure those boundaries and they themselves are respected .
typically that 's less likely to be an issue above a given age and it 's unfair of anyone to assume you do n't hit that mark just because you 're below 25 like you said but on the other hand there are a lot of people in their early 20s that definitely do not have their shit together anywhere near the degree you otherwise appear to people mature at different rates of course .
i 'm not watching and just pretending the one gay thor fanfic i read while very drunk is getting a big screen debut
like people on corporate boards need the money lol .
if you 're on a corporate board you 're most likely out of touch with society .
has nothing to do with whether you get paid to be on that board .
as far as i am understanding the phones and main out would output the identical audio and can not independently mute single audio sources .
he seon ah 's husband treats her like he is shoving around a herd of sheep or animals 😪 i never realized that how incredibly lucky those people are who have good partners until i watched him .
yeah it just depends ... my work boots can get bad so she probably has gross work shoes
you were tripping he was meant to be a guest after his appearance on jre but had to take a flight back early or something which prevented it happening
i 'd say no i bought 2 new tacoma 's from del over the past 4 years and they would not allow me to order another without a market adjustment above msrp .
even though i told them i 'd wait a year for the truck .
if you 're local try team thompson or new holland toyota .
all 3 dealers are selling at msrp and seem to be getting regular shipments of new trucks
i agree with the sentiment but we 'd all be reporting ourselves to r/agedlikemilk the way its going .
of listings 12 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=author 3a 22flap0jacks 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on feature=legacy_search no .
of reviews 0 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=flair 3areview 20 28title 3a 22flap0jacks 22 20or 20title 3a 22flap0jacks 22 29 sort=new restrict_sr=on
he could 've imprisoned his cousin atif najib or even executed him to end tensions in daraa and also he could 've send gifts and support to the families of the dead children in daraa and visit them .
if he done that no uprising or crisis would 've even happened .
yes the economical situation was n't that good but not to the point for the people to revolt for that alone especially in syria .
no one asked for regime change in the beginning first justice no reply then fixing the state also no reply .
after they lost hope in getting justice or fixing the state government they started asking about regime change .
an airplane pilot but then i developed a fear of heights .
pedo huh you just saw the fact that your lie was exposed by me
lorelai 's engagement party to max looked like so much fun !
pretty much any of the parties involving the whole town !
i have the deep water fear from almost drowning as a kid and it made playing sea of thieves hard at first .
so i wemt and purposefully drowned myself a few several times and now when i accidentally drown instead of cringing and not being able to look at the screen..
i go yeah yeah you 're dying hurry up ''
steve from the escape if you 're still open 😊
to explain why trading for it is the only option
only certain entities who have gone through all the anti-money laundering registration are allowed to directly wrap bitcoin for wbtc .
they would n't allow you to register just to wrap less than 1btc so your only option is to trade for it on the open market .
i have graphite grey and black in size 4 .
should n't cash coming straight from the atm be clean though ?
i just ca n't understand how toxic or rude some people can be to idols and other fandoms or in some cases the same fandom themselves .
no worries if you 're not a fan i totally understand their style of music is n't for everyone .
i think coming from small company and having to fight their way up definitely helped humble them and their personalities before stardom was already very open and respectful .
also you do n't have to be a fan to pop in to make conversation .
just figured i 'd throw it out there in case you wanted to chat about music or anything really .
a lot of the members there are respectful and listen to wide variety of genres and make good conversation .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
i fucking hate thatcher but i would pick her over mussolini any day .
to sleep amongst a sea of stars was a really cool massive space opera that i enjoyed
you definitely did not check his speaker 's cornrner video he does good also his social experiments are good
i know of one within reach of public transport .
at the end of s7 the vaccination center wolfratshausen .
you should call there before though to get an appointment .
low-effort or low-quality posts hinder meaningful discussion from flourishing and will be removed at the moderators ' discretion .
please note that spending a lot of time on a low effort '' post does not exclude it from this rule.type of low-quality content we do not allow
gameplay videos or screenshots that are taken on a phone are not allowed unless it is not possible to screenshot at the time such as a bug preventing screen capturing or similar .
no loot box opening type screenshots look at what i got in my loot box .
no inventory screenshots look at all the cool things i 've unlocked .
no screenshots of private chats even if names are blurred .
skin suggestions/requests that double as fan art must be high effort and original content .
please use r/apexlfg or our public discord https discord.gg/apexlegends to find other players .
if you 'd like to advocate for something to be in the game please make a proper post .
titles such as those beginning with upvote if '' do n't upvote '' or overused trends such as for the people browsing by new '' will be removed as described in the post title rules .
unconstructive criticism and approval posts about any subject such as this game is great this game sucks with no other explanation or constructive comments will be removed .
if you would like better clarification you can see our full list of rules here .
https www.reddit.com/r/apexlegends/wiki/rules if you need further assistance please message the moderators https old.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fapexlegends with a link to your post .
failure to include a link to your post will result in the modmail being ignored .
i think the only comedian who has made me laugh is randy feltface in case anyone is interested to know
my first starter was charmander but my favorite is bulbasaur !
do n't know if you found it already but you can read it from here https m.webtoons.com/en/challenge/heartstopper/list ? title_no=329660 webtoon-platform-redirect=true
i always had a thing for the lovely johnny depp i 'm a 25f
hello this is a small handdrawn map i 'd like to post for free .
i was just drawing it for fun and wanted to post it on here in case anybody wanted to use it .
i 've uploaded a gridded and gridless version in case .
k policii nechoď je to prohnilá zkorumpovaná instituce plná powertripping zmrdů
please be sure to follow all rules https www.reddit.com/r/gooned/about/rules and to report sketchy stuff .
more goonfuel and meetups can be found at r/jerkbudss !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gooned if you have any questions or concerns .
was that a bug or they allowed it now ?
the throwing of enemies on the wall whether it 's a thin or thick wall was not allowed making your enemies just fall flat on the wall .
you 're allowed to throw your teammates over the wall .
you 're allowed to eat teammates or enemies over short/thin walls .
again either this is a bug or they just allow it now .
i was pleasantly surprised that it did n't bore the shit out of me being that long i enjoyed it !
that kid who manages the fishing stall in ravensthorpe .
my grandmother was born in 1926 and grew up during world war ii .
she would always demand that kids has to eat everything at their plates and had tendency to hoard food .
after wwii her family was pretty well-off but she had this habit her whole life .
it 's not rocket physics it 's magic missile . ''
shagger would deck him then roll around holding his own hand .
you do n't need to play the first two games to play the third but the third is made a lot better by playing tw2 .
lasalle is also a borough of the city of montreal quebec .
i expect to somewhat get used to it i guess ...
i 'm just surprised that this little post has given something more for niv
what a great body she has needs some serious attention
dubito che lo diventeresti mai con i tuoi familiari ma se fosse un'altra persona hai la carriera spianata
also at that point the team was clearly shitting itself a lot of players were extremely anxious rushing plays running around and going nowhere .
they needed a confidence boost more experience in the pitch and a gorilla that could help make the most of set pieces hence why mancini sent him in not particularly to defend against a team that had n't made a single shot until then .
he looked supremely confident and in that moment he was inspiring at least to us watching it .
had it worked out he 'd be hailed as the fearless leader .
he did n't and it looked perhaps a bit suprise napoli flair guy is making it much bigger than it was silly .
but winners play to win they do n't nor should care if they look silly losing .
same thing when he joked with the opponents before penalty shootouts at the euros if they go out he 's cocky and/or not taking things seriously enough a bad captain of a bad team they win and he 's a chad making the most of maybe the last int tournament '' .
i did it last time and spent an hour cleaning away the pesticide reason why i 'd rather do it on the terrace
totally brushing over the bit where us lend lease was all that stopped moscow from falling and provided engineering expertise and design ideas for the radical modernization of the soviet air force over the winter of 1940/41 .
but it still requires to be tied to a bank account which can be an issue in edge cases .
i did note the problem with collecting cash at any and all charge points hence the alternative suggestion with prepaid cards .
set to line input and keep gain at 0 then
and that 's the reason why india is so vulnerable from other countries remember when indian people became one they threw britishers out of the country..and that 's the power of real india ... but unfortunately our political party and their leaders 😞
really i did n't think councils were allowed to do that from what i heard .
i do n't think the show would be as good with uhtred being an older man .
he was in his late teens when it started show not books and theoretically could of just been approaching 40 by the end .
with a little sand on the showel.. it wont even need cleaning
czechoslovakia carve up is presented as a catalyst of ww2/hitler 's panzer heist .
totally agree about being tilted and auto pilot so easy to fall in make me lose so much sr .
yeah i 'm not lying even sure know how how to copy paste that comment right .
yeah and she is anymore u boy so what 's the big deal kid ?
your facts are half-lies and full of crap boy .
ever heard of paul 's evil magmortar or maylene sweet lucario.you clearly do n't understand what your argument or arguing too boy or lamo !
the only one i can kind of picture having actual interests outside of social media is khloe
i fucking hate sprint weekends because now qualifying is on a friday afternoon and i and a lot of other people are still working at that time .
because they 're flimsy and too light they get even worse when they get old and worn out .
and people get tempted to do what this guy is doing by standing on the hand rail '' .
for what their intended purpose is a saftey step '' is much safer .
which is much more sturdy than that domestic use style thing .
i am kind of patient most of the time but literally the try before unlocking uumuu on radiant i did it hitless .
then i was no patient because i thought i did it allready its so easy .
i did n't realize we got mata at 25 .
call me crazy but how is suppressing haz any different than putin suppressing the opposition ?
i 'm with you venom 2 is my favourite romantic comedy
you 're acting like friendship is linear when there are levels to it .
just take the l and chalk it up to experience .
you 're making this more complicated than it should be .
i 've had a few and regretted them all .
they 're not reliable they are very difficult to have repaired as the parts are rarely in stock it costs quite a bit of money to have someone even open the hood to begin to tell you what the issue is ... i could go on .
there are better cars for the money that you do n't look like a douche driving .
you 've made up that whole scenario and are saying how sad it is .
lol countries like sweden or denmark have significantly better social mobility than usa and wages on average is significantly better like people with high school diplomas can support families with decent quality of life while it seems like even bachelore degree is no longer enough in usa to reach similar quality of life except for some specific occupations .
ah this one is a tough one to get to .
the ign link that others have posted is super helpful .
no no why would i be mad at you ?
did i say something that suggested i was mad at you ?
yeah nacho has been a favorite character of mine the whole show .
i guess i would rather it have gone down the way it did rather than him getting killed by the cousins or something .
i remember not hating ultron in the theater but there were problems .
it 's got cool moments they do n't redeem the whole picture .
einerseits will ich mich nicht beschweren auf dem dorf eine schnelle internetverbindung zu haben andererseits ist der preis schon heftig .
probably because one of his boundaries is not speculating on his sexuality some people took that as do n't speculate on anything about him '' or just assume that he 's straight .
it 's still gross that it 's the default but i can understand why it happened
look you 've made a decent case for why sabotage/dissent might be motivated .
what you have n't done is identify evidence that these incidents are the result of sabotage .
this is why i use the 3 lives rule '' i 'll heal you whenever until you die three times .
then i 'm never picking your dead-ass up again because you 're definitely wasting time .
i was taking care of my mother until she passed leaving me with animals of hers .
i rent the top portion of a house from a family member or i would n't be able to afford a place on my own because of they animals they are seniors now .
the house is old bug infested and moldy at spots .
i looked into apartments and did the math and i could n't afford any of the ones i looked at unless i wanted to live in the sketchy parts of the city or places that had warnings for bed bugs .
i 'll take the damn beetles we have here over bed bugs thanks .
thank you hope it was fun did n't exactly know what to caption it 😂
it 's really sad how much i distrust literally everything russia says now .
amazing how have a nice day '' from putin sounds like a death threat now is n't it ?
we are working to get our submitters verified and we have determined
your account is brand new or you are not verified .
your content has been removed until this is resolved .
https old.reddit.com/r/ddnoap/wiki/verify if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact ddnoap .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/filipinasgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
pretty sure we saw chip and dale at fort wilderness at the late 80s but i was pretty young
that just goes to show you how little attention or care they have for you .
i make sure my bike is always locked and in my sight as much as possible .
the best lock can only delay a serious thief and this delay allows me to get back to my property and break the bastard 's arms .
if you must leave it unattended the safest place is the middle of a bike rack which contains several bikes far more expensive than yours with the saddle and any detachable accessories removed .
for storage inside your home is far more secure than anywhere else .
i just use google maps find sketchy dirt roads and hope for the best
if you are considering selling them please do keep in mind toby 's policy on fan merch https undertale.tumblr.com/post/139726155020/changing-policy-on-fan-merch
which would be fine if it was n't for capitalism telling companies they should constantly be growing
it 's not really fine for netflix though as they need to grow to generate enough cash to stay afloat and pay back their debts .
netflix needs to increase their profitability per user quite a lot if they are to remain at a stable subscriber number either by increasing prices or heavily decreasing costs which is unlikely during a period of hyperinflation in the tv market .
we could say most atheists are not atheists because of scientific evidence but because they hate the god that many communicate to them .
this is a interesting concept this video kind of explains it
if you 're not gon na contribute keep your mouth shut you stupid fuck .
you might be able to persuade them to sell the rights back but they probably wo n't let you borrow their digging equipment
the marlins have a playoff caliber team this year with a top 3 rotation in baseball .
you should feel confident in those 3 and enjoy the ride .
however if i had to trade away one it would be rogers .
we will soon post the end of season 78 one .
yeah but afghanistan fell apart the moment it was left on its own
but to be real you can do it a lot of ways .
uncle bens tek is among the cheapest though buying a ms syringe or even better lc syringe a sterilized grain bag some coco coir and a plastic shoebox or two will get you more than need for probably under 50 bucks or so if done correctly .
tire height does n't matter in soft sand ... 31s or 37s it wo n't matter .
it will make the tire wider and it will dissipate the weight over a bigger surface .
also keep in mind mud tires are worse than all terrains and even road tires in soft sand .
mud tires will dig in the sand and get you stuck .
also be gentle on the throttle in soft sand but keep the momentum up .
if you start to dig you are done ... if you do n't make it up a sand hill do not apply extra throttle it will just make your tires dig in .
any where in bc is wonderful compared to virtually anywhere in alberta minus some neighbourhoods in clagary .
but hey if you want to secure your place in hell do n't take my word for it and go move there p .
with regards to forrestal it should as it uses all the same 'under the hood ' stuff as the free stennis .
i often see such log messages but when i try to replicate e.g .
doing a ping or opening the relevant website everything works fine .
i suspect this might be caused by changing firewall rules and not rebooting the rules still work fine but the logging seems to be broken and gives false flag '' messages .
arribas miguel gutierrez and antonio blanco basically the same from last year
do n't you think this is a bit over the top ?
you 're about to be catfished by a femboy .
sorry if this is a dumb question is smim covered by lots of smim and clutter ?
disney i could squash you like a bug right now but i 'm offering you a choice .
macrodosing has long lasting effects even putting depression in remission
also transformative changes in relation to political positions spiritual beliefs and eradicating the fear of death .
oh well should i open the terminal in the downloads folder or somewhere else ?
btw i am new to linux that 's why i will put a lot of questions .
oracle dell facebook and amazon are among the many companies investing and moving into the nashville area .
tn 's business friendly policies will keep attracting businesses at least 25 ca companies have moved to nashville since 2019 .
i do n't know if that would mean a cs/engineering degree from vandy would be worth more because of that and whether that would attract a higher caliber cs student body but it 's a factor that tipped my decision to attend .
i mean we 're both just guessing at this point about whether or not vandy will jump 4 spots on the usnwr rankings but anyone with a number of college options should look at job prospects and the potential value of their degree as factors in making their decision on where to attend .
honestly it 's scary for me to turn down uc berkeley and usna my initial top choice to go to vanderbilt because i kind of think i know what i would get with both of those schools and i can almost predict where life would take me if i attended either .
and though nothing is certain i like the idea of being a participant and witness in the growth of a program and vanderbilt shows a lot of promise at least on paper .
i will be messaging you in 1 day on 2022-04-26 17:11:17 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2022-04-26 2017:11:17 20utc 20to 20local 20time to remind you of this link https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/ubkyfy/melvin_capital_lets_look_at_their_most_recent/i65j49g ? context=3
click this link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message 5bhttps 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fr 2fsuperstonk 2fcomments 2fubkyfy 2fmelvin_capital_lets_look_at_their_most_recent 2fi65j49g 2f 5d 0a 0aremindme 21 202022-04-26 2017 3a11 3a17 20utc to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
you do n't run the risk of re-pricing to 10
the context of the situation is that elon wants to take it private because he thinks it 's a shame that twitter censors '' conservatives i.e .
so no this is n't directly about a scientific issue but it 's about the larger issue of a billionaire trying to prevent social networks from vetting content .
at the same time elon pretends to be a freeze peach absolutist but he 's known for brutally shutting down the freeze peach of people who criticize him .
it 's basically like joe rogan buying facebook and vowing he 'll turn it into a free speech anti-woke zone . ''
what 's worse is that people from 18 to 40 actually voted for the pen .
thankfully they tend not to exercise their right to vote ... but i 'm afraid to witness what 's to happen in 5-10 years .
he is n't truly dead he 's just in a really long fight with death .
when he inevitably kicks deaths ass yours is next .
back before gas cans had temp/pressure limits i loved to set up ghetto atmos in evac/chapel/dorms and to sell off cans of hot mix to anyone who wanted them
i heard somewhere that its tomorrow april 26 but i could be wrong
caustic has been nerfed into the ground if you still struggle against him it might just be that you need to reevaluate how you attack a caustic
hippos are the most dangerous fucking animals in the world lmao
lol that shit does n't work if it did half these people would have gfs by now but they are still single .
i 've posted this before but i really tried to like jaspers because of all the recommendations .
years ago i tried it and i waited an hour beside a busy highway and a particle board plant in the hot sun for an ok burger and i was stunned .
my wife and i tried it again a couple years later the hype had built even more we sat at a sizzling hot sticky metal table in the sun beside that same loud highway and were panhandled a couple of times by st vincent guys while we waited for over an hour for a burger that was just ok .
we tried again for lunch a couple of years later you guys just caught them on an off day its usually really good '' same exact thing .
super long wait time for an ok burger in a really sketchy and terrible location .
just before the pandemic hit my brother wanted to go there while we were out .
i told him '' if i wait more than 45 minutes to eat lunch and the burger is n't amazing i get to kick you in the balls ''
almost an hour sitting in the car with the ac running because again there 's really nowhere to sit out of the hot sun and exhaust fumes if the tiny lobby is full we finally get our burgers .
three bites in i say '' so how you wan na do this ?
are we waiting until we get home or what '' ?
i thought it was going to be amazing '' he sadly replied ... ..
it may help to claim myositis as secondary to one or more of your service-connected issues since there is nothing in your str 's addressing the issue .
no cause that means you have to take it out keep it nice and locked up
ammunition accessories storage containers such as safes/bags buying more expensive guns themselves to add to collection shooting range trips/fees gas to get there lunch/dinner after that .
i posted explicitly calling out the mods wega actually tried to figure out why my posts were getting banned .
before i could even reply to him my post was removed .
furthermore looked into why you were banned and that is complete bs .
i did what i could i am unsure if i will even be able to post in there .
it 's like when ella went to the gym once to lose weight before johnny came 😂😂😂🤷‍♀️
i wonder how the other elemental fungus will self sabotage .
man i just want a sub for all sorts of tongue in cheek conspiracies .
nothing like a tinfoil hatter trying to convince you more like a friend fucking with you .
probably for the best here in aus it was getting irritating going into the store at launch them shrugging going yeah but we dont sell it till tomorrow ''
the servers are live now if i had bought the online version this conversation would not be happening ! ''
echo waits as the footsteps and voices of multiple people echo through the hall .
as she waits around she notices what seems to be a large faded poster covering a small corner of the room .
i know it 's not a wr but he 's a great strong safety .
is a reference to the portal series where the cake is a lie .
do you think ayame does n't stream much so we wo n't die of diabetes
back in the day this is how jokes were spread you 'd email them to friends and family .
every time it was forwarded or replied to it 'd add an extra tag at the beginning .
so essentially he 's saying the joke has been spread around many times for a long time .
i opened the newly created folder in my downloads folder right clicked payload.pkg to show the package contents right clicked payload and selected open with unarchiver
but i was faced with the error could not extract with unarchive ''
no entanto acredito que quando se gosta verdadeiramente de alguém ganhar o ordenado mínimo não se torna um problema tão sério quanto ele mostra ser .
óbvio que é sempre bom quando o casal tem um bom salário mas a realidade é que muitas vezes não é assim .
há sempre um a ganhar mais outro a ganhar menos ou até mesmo os 2 ganharem o ordenado mínimo .
e acho que ninguém tem que exigir nada a ninguém .
se o ordenado da parceira for então um factor muito importante numa relação ele tem todo o direito de sair claro .
mas isso tem a ver com as exigências dele e do que ele acha realmente importante numa relação a 2 .
i lived in san jose for a year in a shit hole that i shared with three other people it was next to a dump always smelled like hot garbage and my share of the 3700 rent was 1k and it was a good deal .
people were renting out tents in their back yard for the same price at the time
i moved to san antonio the very next year and got an amazing brand new granite countertops fresh air gigabit line hardwood floors etc ... and it was 1200 a month for a two bedroom to myself .
plus i got a pay raise for making the move .
i love chorus and have 3 chorus ensemble deluxe julianna and shallow water but if i want a brighter modulation sound then the camoflange gives it to me .
there are large sections of the country where the nearest grocery store is over an hour drive away so the only option is to eat fast food for most meals
funny thing is the cardinals were right there with them until that period you specified .
took em a while to find the devil magic also branch rickey
you have made a tremendous post my friend my thoughts exactly i believe in my heart that this game will succeed to our expectations and take the franchise into a whole new level i trust flynn and the team are working very hard to make sure that this game will be worth the very long wait and make the fans super happy millions of copies will be sold and sonic 's ratings will skyrocket through the roof were betting everything on the line for the franchise 's fame on this game .
well that would be the first thing i would do .
os últimos 3 casos de suicídio que soube fora da internet foram de pessoas que aparentemente estavam bem e daí aconteceu .
talvez essa pessoa deu sinais que as pessoas ao redor não pegaram só deus sabe .
if it was done to the osrs wiki it would have a perfect breakdown of each of those components with updated prices for the buyable portions and links for areas to get the pieces
holy shit i want to pound the shit out of the archer queen asshole .
i would let her shoot arrows into my dick hole and have her cut my dick off and smush it into a soup and make me drink it just to get a little nibble of her pinkie toe .
i literally can not sleep because i just cant stop jerking my dick to her .
holy shit i think already i busted 20 times while writing this .
i cant go to school without having to jerk off in the bathroom .
i have to do my homework while jerking off .
i have done countless cum tributes to archer queen i even have a fan game where you fuck her until she dies .
i want her to come out of clash royale and just stomp my dick into the ground .
i would be her toilet forever if i could just see her dirty stinky feet and make her rub it all over my face .
i am a pig and her feet are piles of mud .
i cant play my favorite game clash royale because every time she spawns i instantly cum everywhere .
i try to hold it back but i cant .
i would suck every goblins dick in the goblin gang just to have her shit stained feet be rubbed all over my dick and my face .
holy shit i dont know how much longer i can go anymore .
i used to have my girlfriend dress up as the archer queen and have her shit all over me while jerking my dick with her stinky feet but it just wouldnt be the same .
she broke up with me and now i have no one to cosplay as the archer queen .
at least my archer queen flesh light is still with me .
i seriously think about just killing that stupid barbarian king .
he is getting to fuck her every minute while im here with a dick drenched in cum .
i will smash his skull into the ground and take the archer queen and have her queef all over me .
i would never shower again to keep the smell of her queefs on me .
i would cut off the archer queens feet so i could turn it into a flesh light and have it jerk me off every second of my life .
just her stinky little piggies rubbing all over my cock .
i would be the hog and her feet would be the rider .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/clashroyalecirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm trying to save people a trip to the hospital and bring awareness on not to over pump it was not a pleasant expierence the nurses made me show them my dick too see how big of a unit was getting stuffed in my girl and yeah it just was n't fun
it 's baby season so they might be swamped but can you see what is in your area in animal help now ?
unfortunately some rehabbers do n't like dealing with adults cause the bite force on an adult is very strong whereas babies are more calm and innocent .
getting bit by a hurt adult squirrel is n't fun .
if you do p.m me your city i can post in another forum and see if anyone is nearby though who might be able to help .
but it 's either poison hit by a car or massive head trauma .
any chance you can pick it up and put it in a box with a towel ?
it might enjoy some peace and quiet without having to try and get back to the nest in this condition .
but that 's a far cry from saying the fbi does present tense it all the time as claimed .
german works and spins for the aclu which recently has been in trouble for its one-sided spin/support in the current amber heard case who has n't been with the fbi in nearly two decades and who only himself participated in 2 undercover extremist operations which his cv touts as using constitutionally sound law enforcement techniques .
one can point to individual exceptylions for any security apparatus at any time period but it 's not the same as currently doing it regularly let alone all the time .
indeed as the nytimes review of his 2019 book says it reads '' more like a diatribe than a work of careful scholarship german gives readers little context against which to evaluate the f.b.i .
he does n't say much about its successes making it hard to know whether the flaws he cites are the exception or the rule .
bro get versatile for follower bots and shit that website is a cookie logger
this post has been removed as it does not meet the minimum karma requirement .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kuwtk if you have any questions or concerns .
i explained in another comment started counting the escape rate from game 20
i wish that was me i love being used by a good sir
that saying could work for something very mundane though !
you need to blend in like a bowl in a china shop . ''
try checking if there is a higher quality version !
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
people r acting like the new ball is terrible it 's meant to decrease distance by 2ft not 50
i think elon spends too much time on reddit .
he thinks all the oxygen sucking basement dwelling disappointments commenting on posts like this are an actual representation of the left .
a reminder of the rules for posting and commenting on our sub
this sub is strictly platonic and sfw any users after anything romantic or sexual will be banned this includes users that interact with nsfw subs .
state your age if you are a minor or if you are commenting on a minors post adult users who try to interact with minors will be banned .
if you are a minor and an adult reaches out to you in dms please contact the mods through modmail on the main r/friendship page .
no advertising for any kind of good or services include discord server links
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/friendship if you have any questions or concerns .
this is only clash mini archer queen so we good fellas
c/g he 's an athletic freak like linderbaum but is n't as polished
i have a friend with a ladybug and she loves it !
i was about to buy one but schacht hiked their prices and i was n't going to pay over 900 for a new one .
lol she never said that why would you think that ?
she has a huge pool of dudes to choose from she has to start narrowing it down somewhere .
so that's why i had n't seen that dumb comment get turned into a time to bash men '' thing .
also what are some of your favorite video games what 's your system of choice ?
he 's a loathsome offensive brute yet i ca n't look away .
like all dogs cats reptiles owls worms a mixture ?
i mean all you 've got is butter knives so i would n't expect you to understand 🤷🏽‍♂️ have fun fighting off intruders with your bare hands .
i 'm sure you 'd react just like the guy in the video 😂 screaming more than his girlfriend .
also from what i 've read most of the guys in your country get theirs from ireland right ?
if a criminal wants it they 'll get it .
i just feel sorry for people like you who ca n't defend themselves when that does happen .
do n't hate me for it blame your government .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags .
the tags are meta question discussion needadvice method advice plan .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/getdisciplined if you have any questions or concerns .
no-one cares if you use weakauras for things like cooldown tracking as long as your numbers are good .
some organised groups will ask you to use weakauras for fight mechanics especially for complicated multi-person things like the spinning rune discs in sanctum .
it depends on which you want to improve more and which muscles you want to grow more .
works great when you 're 8 not so much against any velocity .
work with him on keeping his hands inside the line and keeping shoulders level .
sorry for the confusion i 'm not talking about wait time to get commission after a placement .
what my firm had was the first 90 days you worked/were employed any placement you made you did n't get commissions it went to the house .
also men are so oblivious to makeup that when they think a girl looks natural she actually is n't .
what really confuses me is the antifa one because it only takes a few minutes to find it there are plenty of security camera footage showing antifa breaking in and riling up the trump supporters .
oh so it 's a density issue now not geography ?
there is still sprawl in copenhagen and amsterdam it 's just done a lot better there and planned properly .
you 're saying we should n't improve anything because it 's hard ?
what i am about to say is going to sound horrible .
here goes i 'm willing to bet i 'm older than you so i have more experience seeing people have relationships and i am 100 certain that a girl is going to like you and most likely already has/does .
i can say this with such certaintity because i have seen a very significant amount of people that i would have sworn would die alone end up with another person .
and these people i 'm speaking of are reprehensible people .
either they have zero personality a terrible personality no conventional attractiveness they are downright hideous or a combination of both and they still wind up with someone .
and i would like to point out im not the only one who feels this way about these people .
i have had many conversations with others about how the fuck did that person find someone ?
! and everyone engaged in the conversation is shocked .
so my internet friend as i said i hope this gives you comfort that a girl will and probably already does like you because if these freaks of nature can find love so can you .
i told you it was going to sound horrible .
i learned it from cosmopolitan magazine 's website lol .
ok but people are doing it online like all the time in places that are n't supposed to be a sexual context .
one thing about kandy she 's gon na wear something ugly 😫
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1
this includes parenthetical expressions at the end of the question combine these into the question itself .
do not include answers or examples in the post title .
you can post answers as comment replies when you 've reposted .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/tvawxn/what_is_something_almost_nobody_knows_about_but .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've always read that 15 years or older is vintage .
i think it kind of varies a little depending on who you ask .
however if your referring to sellers and whatnot calling everything labeled juicy couture vintage i would say it 's literally just marketing .
a lot of people do n't even know how to distinguish new juicy from older juicy .
there is nothing wrong with having new or old styles as i have some from all eras .
however juicy couture items that you can literally get at marshals right now being sold as vintage really bothers me .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search ? q=title 3acincinnati 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on rss feed for notifications .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search.rss ? q=title 3acincinnati 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
note you must enable nsfw search results https i.imgur.com/a3i5xq2.jpg in your preferences https www.reddit.com/prefs on the web site for search to work in apps as well !
see what 's new https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/about/sticky ? num=1 and newer https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/about/sticky ? num=2
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
no it is pfizer collecting reports from the vaers specific to the biontech vaccine .
as well as other places but in the us aes are reported post market through the vaers .
op is trying to flex and at the same time saying that bard sucks in chaos dungeon .
i have a bard and it 's one of the best classes for chaos dungeon .
message the mods with the date and you will be added to our birthday sticky !
i 'm looking for women in this community to help me moderate please contact via modmail if you 're interested and have relevant modding experience !
please check out r/thisisme my non-sexual body positive subreddit for people of all shapes sizes and genders
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bbw_chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah ... i just dropped it behind the wall .
he 's a bit more mobile than carrick was but i get what you mean .
i 'm a bloodied build so that swap makes sense for me if you 're into it
they have a bigger need for edge and idl .
now is a great time for summer crops like squash tomatoes watermelon and eggplant .
i 've had bad luck with squash and vine borers but other than that most things grow well .
while i am not a good typist the real bottleneck for me is what happens and how to phrase it .
so i could write a lot longer/day if i were n't drawing a creative blank .
i do n't think it 's writers block because i 'm fine the next day .
so far i 'm struggling to make that work .
no mention of the parents wearing helmets with 0 protection for their 1 year old .
staggering stupidity to even be riding with a baby on a motorcycle .
are you just confused about trusts or why so set on doing it as an individual ?
it shows up everytime i post a comment or smth .
not sure but i 'm pretty sure if you 're an old attracted to a 14 year old you 're not attracted to a prepubescent child but you 're still a pedo right ?
if this is n't the right sub then point her in the right direction .
your comment is n't helpful and this person clearly needs some advice .
the one 's from my own state are gag inducing enough .
yes sometimes people put that view of a relationship on you and it invades the bond you 've built with that person .
stick to your guns and do n't let others define that for you .
scorpions only appear in large numbers if there 's plenty of food for them .
that net is so that if it does fall it 's easier to clear it and save anyone that 's underneath .
190 ban has been sent to your address https yellowspyglass.com/hash/46e13bd13ba347b55f25192f95a6f5826793f27991670fb12e97609c7f697b9b !
i agree on the vertical but def no width .
she has shoulders like every human but they are not broad like e.g .
she looks vertical though so i 'd explore dc and sd maybe d lines .
ma b. doveva tirasela col nazionalismo e poi quando è crollato tutto il casello di carte i debiti erano di tutti in pratica .
is the thing about r/place being locked actually true ?
i will skip on some sleep to defend that flag if necessary i 'm telling you .
every little bit of retaliation i can get against the amatonormativity in my life .
r/irlgirls is a subreddit that highlights the average girl that you see in your everyday life .
since the girls posted here are not famous or have a huge following we want to make sure that this is an anti-stalker subreddit .
it is not fair to put a girl 's safety at risk for internet points .
this is a reminder that you will be banned if you post/ask for a source .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/irlgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
yes mother fucking ugly dungeon troll man you are a predator .
we 're oats and we just released our first new single .
it 's post-hardcore/screamo but also jazzy/emo and we recorded it diy in a small room at our jazz school as you can image we 're the outcasts here lol .
check it out and if you dig it add it to one of your workout/emo playlists to help us out .
thanks for your time and please give us any and all of your feedback we 'd really appreciate it .
google grew its share of the productivity software market to 10.3 in 2020 according to research from gartner taking about 2 from microsoft .
microsoft is still the clear leader however with 89.2 .
overall the productivity software suite market grew 18.2 during 2020 . ''
do n't worry you 'll get used to the air quality .
do not engage with vendors '' in your dms info about scammers https www.reddit.com/r/weed/wiki/information/scammers
selling or attempting to source drugs is against site-wide terms of service and is an immediate non-reversible permanent ban .
lastly please report any posts/comments that you see breaks the rules .
help keep r/weed a more inviting atmosphere for everyone !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/weed if you have any questions or concerns .
hang some balls off of the shaft before you light it .
they 're building one of those heart between the country flags thing
the so-called church and true believing mormon or slight variations of that
usd fiat is arguably better than bitcoin because it is anonymous and untraceable unlike bitcoin which leaves a trail with every transaction .
maybe its crashing beacuse its still not 5th april yuzu doesnt connect to internet so try changing the date to 5th april
hatt selbst mal einen riss in der kniescheibe physiotherapie hat mir ordentlich geholfen und hat die muskulatur ums knie gestärkt !
libra moons definitely are one of my least favorite moon signs haha but with any relationship
officially the furtherst i 've gotten into this game after two previous attempts .
2 levels full of all the plants you get from completing the quest with your farm dude at your base .
each floor upwards will be dedicated to a single plant .
also overloaded my power grid with this being completed .
had to upgrade my grid to support the farm and its upward expansion .
pretty happy as i 'll be able to just expand upwards with that as well when i need more power .
opting to stay with solar power because it looks cooler and i like having something to manage .
it 'll only get worse as you progress too .
i just had to cross the line first so i did
trusting tech dudes is how we got into this mess .
short bus to feltham then train or cab from there
i swear as a vegan i am always finding more reasons to cringe at other vegans .
there are so many good looking vegan recipes that taste great and then there is this crap .
we also have the same ethos but if you 're surprised even throughout all the processes in place you 've clearly not been invested enough to know how your kid 's going .
for the students who are trying but just lack academic skill/practice at home i 'm always so surprised that parents are like what do you mean my very chill kid is getting a d ?
you submitted a gain/loss/yolo that did n't look like it included large positions .
this check will fire if you included unnecessary pictures that do n't show positions .
repost with the useless pictures omitted if you did that .
do n't have to deal with this automod comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hotmoms if you have any questions or concerns .
how dare you insult me this news is so not interesting
except the nike logo slapped on the chest fuck that shit .
i would n't have minded on the sleeve on the chest is still pretty offensive
a spider leg seemed to pop out of their lower back after they were hit by the shovel.
well a bunch of people managed to install klipper successfully using my guide so maybe you missed a step ?
either way the information is available there and you can use the official klipper build if you want .
nothing goes to hell if you follow the instructions and do n't upgrade to a different klipper build .
saw a tweet in dutch today in a news article about train service in the netherlands morgenochtend zullen de meeste treinen weer rijden . ''
as a person in south australia where we 're just over a week away from dropping the mask mandate this stuff gives me the jitters .
i remember the type 89 over heating and that has an auto loader system now rather than it 's previous clip fed gun .
just checked it technically can over heat but runs out of first stage before it gets half way .
the only people that are buthurt are people like you from the tamil diaspora that still think tamils are being discriminated against trust me they are not and have n't been after the war get that through your thick skull when the people of srilanka are united racists like you who are not even living in this country are trying to split them up
tkd will help you develop a lot of flexibility and range of motion .
judo will make you strong and is a pretty practical form of self defense .
if it 's sniffing your car it 's gon na alert on it .
except for the ears which got darker when he got older .
to be fair out of the selection provided shapeshifting is the only one with any consistent benefit .
i agree that it might not be an indication that he is buying subs however he has made multiple videos where he mocks others for buying subs so that makes it weird
thanks for that now i know what is a soft k. i need to clarify .
the afrikaans g is more like the german ch .
try to understand yourself more minus the gendered labels .
such as tender strong flamboyant creative driven powerful and so forth .
unfortunately we still live in a society that is reductive .
my son is tender and loving but also incredibly rambunctious .
i know the day will come when due to peers and subliminal messages from society he will have to mask some of who he is but i hope that as he matures he can reclaim some of those things that perhaps he waw ashamed off in his teen years .
to be fully who we are we have to accept ourselves in all of are complexity .
if someone is being reductive such as saying ' you come across submissive ' just know that it 's just a fleeting perspective they have of you .
i am a woman who was always told that i was ' incredibly feminine ' and yet i race cars my talking voice goes from a mere whisper to extremely powerful and wide ranging when i sing and apparently my art is 'very masculine '
i can only be me and there comes a time in life when that becomes enough .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/69nice if you have any questions or concerns .
'i was assaulting the people who were n't fighting back not the guy that punched me in the face ! '
if they were on es/eva base or pure es base they 'd be more appealing to me as the lack of life could be made up for by going ci and/or using the suppression mastery .
maybe we can get you back as a community .
i would be down to collect some all together.. sorry for your experience !
what kind of signal would that be for fati ?
we all know there 's rules but everybody gives himself an excuse to break them whenever he wants
this is a general reminder for everyone and this will be posted on every post .
your 12 words are basically gold and they should never be shared typed in to any website or given to any person for any reason .
no one from helium '' or any other company will reach out to you to verify your account wallet or anything similar .
if someone says your hotspot wallet or other type of account has been hacked it is a scam !
always operate in a zero-trust manner with cryptocurrency and assume everyone will scam you no matter what .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/heliumnetwork if you have any questions or concerns .
iw is the only cod studio that gives a single shit anymore
yes it 's like an art to keep them running .
by reputable '' do you mean aligned with hong kong 's former colonizers and their allies ?
the point of the messages is to be in the way that 's why people have always done it .
mainly because it 's in good fun for shits and giggles you can still use the ladder perfectly with zero issues if you simply used the d pad .
instead you complain about a fun joke that the community has kept going for years who hurt you ?
ordet neger kommer af det latinske ord 'niger ' der kort og godt betyder sort .
da jeg var barn og voksede op havde vi altid negerboller flødeboller med i skole når vi havde fødselsdag vores sange var fyldt med ordet neger '' bl.a .
jeg har set en rigtig negermand '' shubidua https genius.com/shu-bi-dua-we-wanna-be-free-lyrics med
fordi flere sorte personer kuku agami hella joof m.fl .
har været ude at sige at de ville foretrække at blive kaldt noget andet .
men ordet er i mine øjne stadigvæk ikke racistisk og hvis jeg kommer til anvender det så er det ikke racistisk ment .
kunne faktisk være sjovt hvis den nye generation som vokser op nu beslutter sig for at sort '' er super racistisk og jer som nu er opvokset med at anvende sort '' pludselig bliver dømt over at have været racistiske i fortiden .
lol why is there 2 toasts im sure we can make something over one of them .
if diane abbott starts supporting your position its time to have a real hard think .
hubbard was the original i think maybe jerry got the nickname after him ?
see hubbard was actually a captain and he was distributing lsd before the grateful dead were formed .
some people are born wanting little contact with others because they get drained from dealing with people even family and that 's okay do n't be rude and throw a label on them because they do n't fit to your standards .
it does n't need more features necessarily it needs bug fixes .
i go between installing the heavy division mod and using vanilla .
hd is more reliable and realistic but it does n't interact with the in-game nav so you ca n't just build a route from the menu .
vanilla is easier to do a casual flight but god help me steering on the ground from parking or encountering an autopilot bug just makes me flip a table .
but yeah as for its visuals and bringing it in to land manually .
so what you 're saying is ... nicolas cage should play every character in the flash
idk how much is been because it 's been a handle a pint another handle etc etc
thinking about it more i 'm actually more accustomed to the term marrying '' the bottles than mating '' .
yep totally agree i felt the same but grew to enjoy the challenge of their appearances .
makes a nice change from the otherwise usual priests gatekeepers etc .
it 's a shame once they are finally dispatched in all honesty .
these should load faster but amp is controversial because of concerns over privacy and the open web https www.reddit.com/r/amputatorbot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot .
maybe check out the canonical page instead https m.mk.co.kr/star/broadcasting-service/view/2022/04/301606 https m.mk.co.kr/star/broadcasting-service/view/2022/04/301606
thats interesting now i wonder which map problems it had i feel pala would feel way much more enjoyable with jump heights just a bit higher
yeah he definitely did some great things and you could argue that ogn/lck titles were harder to earn than worlds in some years .
still i think failing to take it all the way might rule him out for some people same with uzi .
too few females would cause the males to gang up on a female .
thank you i thought i was going crazy reading the top comments .
here 's my part list let me know if u want links
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=zmxmxmxmc .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
it is lol it did n't strike me when i was writing it
what 's the name of the hotel to visit ?
amazon in a pinch but if you have access to one an asian store will have much more of a variety and at cheaper prices too
so much for waiting 6 mo ... i ended up ordering jackson vista alloys in purple this morning i could n't resist ... i agree it 's sooo addicting 😊
also check out if you can the nifty fifty with macro been a solid little lens for me noisy but excellent macro capabilities
thats how they prep you for the inevitable contact that gets made so by then you expect it and shrug it off .
sometimes thats all it takes for it to start eating away at them and then they do listen someday .
all these people talking about kids being bullied because of their name need to release something ... even if the child being bullied had a normal '' name they would just be bullied for something else .
fuck i can specifically remember a boy called tom '' being told his parents did n't even love him enough to spend more than two seconds on choosing a name for him .
whilst one of the most popular boys in school was called mckenzie .
seriously we need to map that kirby separately come on now that was one of our first art pieces on the behalf of r/kirby pls
the other is commonly known as a bad movie .
and the source of paul rudd 's clip on conan .
if there had n't been someone to catch you i would definitely try to unclip the skis first and let them drop to the ground because they can be very heavy and make you land much harder !
congrats to omg and please get better soon yooa and arin with her eye .
the destiny player base grew at d2 launch because of awful changes and see how it turned out ?
just because it seems appealing now does n't make it a good change .
while not seeing it may happen there are warning signs you learn .
the sky even seems to change to a certain color high winds some tornado seasons are very active and some are n't as bad .
but remember as flannel daddy would say cartridge does n't matter if you do n't have training to use it effectively .
if it has not appeared immediately it requires moderator approval it 's got to be released from reddit spam prison .
this should n't take very long at all and we hope it will never be longer than 90 minutes but we ca n't be around 24 hours a day .
the community rules https www.reddit.com/r/gayskype/about/rules are often updated and you should check them periodically .
members found to be posting against these rules or the reddit content policy https www.redditinc.com/policies/content-policy section_prohibited_behavior may face an immediate and permanent ban and/or reporting to reddit admin .
thank you for helping us keeping this sub up and running happy gayskyping !
29 fit looking to pleasure a man cum for me
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gayskype if you have any questions or concerns .
so u use same tipe of wire like that used for the gap .
do u use one single plug for hole wire i see in your car ?
do u plug it in the plug from armrest ?
most of youtube videos about it puro haka-haka/opinions lang not written and hopefully fact-checked literature .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pixelart if you have any questions or concerns .
defending receivers/pressuring the qb are the most important things for a defense .
lbs are n't at the top of the list for doing either .
cb and edge are the most important positions on the defensive side .
i never even thought of wear and tear of tools going into it but it makes so much sense .
i always just thought of material cost time of labor and transportation .
thanks for the insight even though i 'm not op .
99.54 for jacks or better but there are games with higher returns than that .
a few games 10/7 double bonus 10/6/50 double double full pay deuces wild etc .
i still have an entire bag full of the empty ones .
i do n't have time to find the post but i 'm pretty sure byron said in the discord that nft 's could be purchased using lrc or eth .
might be true might be false things change etc etc .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
my ring seemed pretty average in comparison on this sub but holy moly in the wild it stands out .
i was aiming for proportional and big but it 's a little too big .
there are times i look down at this ring on my finger and go this is way too big but then i 'll get on this sub and see oh it ai n't that big.
for what it 's worth your ring is absolutely stunning and looks big but still proportional to your finger .
you 've managed to get the sweet spot of balancing the two .
we 've had two thousand year floods where i live in the past 8 years .
a lot of bros seem stuck thinking of rimming as foreplay lick it then stick it .
definitely had sessions where a blowjob turned into a deep involved rimjob till he shoots with my tongue still clenched in his hole .
mutual rimming getting the stubble involved smelling him on your face when you leave ... so much to love about eating butt .
made in abyss had some quite literally ghibli quality art direction .
ugh either way it just makes me so sad for those babies to have this whole situation out there for the world to speculate .
tbf this is a twitter thing rather than a universal thing so i think we can nullify at least 80 of it
the drug he used generally is n't prescribed for infertility in men but in women .
it 's not approved by the fda for use in males
i almost believed him then i realized that i do n't actually worship or even really admire ironman/batman/etc .
hell some of my favorite characters are villains so where does that fall in wanting to be on the side of good argument ?
if i called this trade on a new account or one that 's 4 years old what 's difference ?
will be glad to get rid of rutherford starting next match
and you know just where to find him when its party time
i 'm doin a naked hand stand and typing this with my balls !
the idea was to make an evil campaign but we got stonewalled everywhere the vampire lord said they 'd know if we did n't go for the something '' the city was heavily reinforced so we could n't get in without paying the toll there was a dragon perched on a tower shooting lightning at people breaking any laws we found out the dragon was illusory but the tower did have a giant lightning gun of sorts which we used to blast open the palace doors during the chaos and so on .
heck our entire theater play was an attempt to both make fun of the vampire lord and to try and get the heroes to actually do their job but whatever mind control they were under was apparently too strong for us .
everyone has their quirk with playing tabletop and this guy as a dm did a ton of railroading and as a player tried to optimize his characters and kind of assumed everyone was into whatever plan he had without ever saying it until someone fucks it up for him .
mine is trying too much custom shit for dming and having characters be big show-offs even if they die very fast .
just make sure you 're following the rules https www.reddit.com/r/hireawriter/comments/t69nl3/tips_and_rules_for_posting_in_rhireawriter_a .
low effort posts will be removed and repeated offenses can result in a ban .
to leave positive or negative feedback about u/codelessinteractive kindly go to r/testimonials or visit the scam thread https www.reddit.com/r/hireawriter/comments/9obcux/meta_scam_and_review_thread_2 .
also make sure your post is flaired as advanced '' if you are offering high level work with a 15 cents per word minimum rate .
for everyone else make sure your rate is 10 cents per word for general work and 5 cents per word for entry level work .
once you have closed hiring change the flair to that .
also it is encouraged to make short listed writers post a generic yet easily searchable comment like interested '' in your post .
if the comment is visible to you it means they are not banned .
lastly in the event of any issue or conflict contact the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fhireawriter for arbitration .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hireawriter if you have any questions or concerns .
the possibility to see the rank of your friends and opponents and to be able to see your stats game played wins loses ...
we started a week post mc when the bleeding stopped .
i 'm 14 days out and just starting to get barely visible lines on hpt today .
i know it 's not likely but my understand is it 's not impossible .
i wishe they had done a bit more stylistically to differentiate theperspectives .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=mindless_luck_3427 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
let 's be honest bologna is basically a single slice of a giant hot dog .
a simple push would have that bad larry free without issue .
you notice that not one of them was of the age to be getting killed in ukraine .
i scale mine with magic as a caster so i have a high crit counter to r1 spammers
i just hope she keeps it this way and is n't diluting it or turning it down after .
someone already sent me this i do n't believe this applies to my situation
with the ladies gone it 'll have to be an ancient greek style orgy .
i work in a professional kitchen right now and there is n't a single gas stove in the place .
heat is heat and the pan your using is going to make a bigger difference than if there is fire or electricity underneath it
this gave me chills ... . my daily play by play ... ..
i managed to do some core exercises with big plug in .
but i had the moments that my butt could n't handle it and tried to push it out .
that title is the most internet sentence i 've ever seen .
i just laughed at this so hard i woke my dogs up 😂
già il 125 è sensato e puoi veramente andare in giro l'unico motivo per prendere il 50 è fare pratica che neanche ti abbonano il teorico
the zev is too much for what you get .
compared to the other two the cz should n't even be a part of the equation .
they should give it to player devs like natural selection 2
like if elon musk could end world hunger i love facebook memes
grip the handles/bar with the base of your fingers not the middle of your palm
but its somewhat easier for someone with murderous intent to kill a lot of people when its easy to access to guns .
the man behind just watching like she bout get her a whooped by a garbage truck
we 're you old enough to understand it at the time .
i was and there was shockingly little info around about it tbh .
im using the extra in my babies bath. wtf !
just thought i would share the link to a site with a fantastic free revision timetable template as well as other really useful revision guides for gcses and a-levels !
i 'm using it for the easter holidays to structure my revision and the revision guides are the best !
click here to go to the free revision timetable bytes of intelligence https bytesofintelligence.co.uk/shop
hope this helps and best of luck for the exams !
check out our range we have a few interesting things right now like for example type38 arisaka or kar98k both from s t .
and we will have mosin soon and a lot of other historical replicas
that game had structural integrity and it was actually quite good especially with mods to tweak the values as they were a bit too conservative by default .
sure the buildings were n't super detailed but it ran just fine on computers from over a decade ago .
it was fantastic fun and nothing came out of it other than one disappointing sequel that did its best to use the engine 's strong point as little as possible .
how far away do you have to have your thumb though ?
because technically i could just put my thumb over my eye and be 50 meters from a fire and it still covers the fire ...
having its own ban list would be dumb as fuck becuase people would just use which ever they prefer has access to more powerful cards .
if they had a 'cedh banlist ' and get rid of all legacy cards and shit like thoracle ad naus etc then we straight up just gunna play cedh using the casual banlist .
you 'll literially just get casual and competative formats within both formats splitting the playerbase and making the whole thing fucking awful .
i used it a couple days ago and im feeling the effects even after using it .
i react really badly to it right now and like my reaction time seems so bad .
im getting like really bad anxiety and its 2 am in the morning even after using it 2 days after .
im pretty sure i used too much but if youre using these or planning to use gcc or you barley smoke and have a low tolerance to weed in general plase do not use too much or youll feel very anxious with the weed and after using it for a few days .
theyre actually disgusting but just to know like what it is .
american 5'4 120lbs w 34d 's petite golden brown skin a sweet peachy ass long legs w soft soles pedicured toes .
very versed in many things from vanilla to fetish .
vanilla fetish cam to cam realistic toys lush vibe dirty talk mutual play oil or lotion show roleplay girlfriend experience heels ass worship joi cei strap on play sph humiliation boots sexy lingerie modeling outfits dress up feet fetish spit findom sloppy bj sissy fetish cuckold homewrecker ignore fetish edging cum denial latex outfits bbc bwc mommy domme thigh high stockings or fishnets boob worship lovense vibe .
no anal on me taboo extra .. ask i will confirm if its additonal
curious and have something else in mind that 's not listed ?
sending payment without speaking and confirming service show will be accepted as a tribute ♡
what you are looking for requests 3. what type of payment processor you 'd like to use to pay for it !
you can contact me either by dm on reddit or telegram gisellecymone
i use logitech hd webcam and audio w high speed internet .
skype id will be exchanged after payment is complete .
add ons you can request outfit 10 name usage 10 dildo/toyplay 20 extreme roleplay taboo tbd
texting can be done either via kik telegram or snapchat .
kik id will be exchanged after payment is complete !
cock rating prices and options are as follows send me up to 6 pictures maximum please specify whether you 'd like an honest brutal or sph rating .
add ons name usage 10 outfit request 10 cumshot rating 10 reactions available also tbd .
my turn around time on cock ratings after payment is 1hr .
written rating going over detail of each photo what i think and numeric score based on girth length overall shape appearance and what i think .
premium non nude rating 5 minute custom video and audio non nude 45
premium topless rating 5 minute custom video and audio topless rating 65
premium fully nude rating 5 minute custom video and audio fully nude rating 85
premium nude play rating 5 minute custom video and audio pussy/dildo play 100
let me know what you have in mind and lets make it happen !
turn around time on custom videos is 24-48hrs depending when you order it .
extreme roleplay or taboo extra .. ask i will clarify if it fits under this
my turn around time for custom pics after payment is 24hrs
it will probably have a similar trajectory to paddington 2 .
for reasons i hope i do n't have to explain .
once i created eco hatchback and few suv 's and pickup 's but utility vehicle without diesel engine it 's not right
this is actually a very real thing that happens to most of us .
this is mostly because the first time we do a boss we take it easy watch out and only do dmg when we think we have an opening .
next attempts we go careless because we already got so far the first attempt and its easy.. right.. ?
its more of a stereotype tbh dyna mains are the worst imo
wenn ich mich nicht irre gab es eine studie zu den trixie spiegeln die zeigte dass sie die sicherheit von radfahrern nicht verbessern .
wer in seine eigenen spiegel nicht guckt guckt auch nicht auf diese .
can i use that excuse when i mis-label a trans ?
vote for your favourite pop star emz concept now at supercell make https make.supercell.com/en/campaign/2306 ? sort=most_viewed !
interested in applying to become a post moderator for r/brawlstars ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/brawlstars if you have any questions or concerns .
i reach in and start stroking while i kiss and nibble on your neck !
thanks i might give this a go but i ca n't find any reviews for it online .
some people have dry hands some have clammy/oily hands i 'm the latter .
and if you eat at the pc it 's even worse .
i have to keep cleaning my mouse keyboard and any controllers periodically because of all the gunk that builds up .
i 'd imagine that if i had dry hands there would not be anywhere near as much cleaning that 'd need doing on the peripherals .
so much abc warriors and with a run of lush kev walker art
invisible zipper has to be sewed in different than the normal one .
it 's annoying but worth it especially for such pretty ethereal dress .
for months you have done literally nothing but list a hodge podge of progressive solutions for just about every comment .
i do n't think you 'd know center if it but you on the ass .
women have always been the primary victims of war .
women lose their husbands their fathers their sons in combat .
women often have to flee from the only homes they have ever known .
women are often the refugees from conflict and sometimes more frequently in today 's warfare victims .
women are often left with the responsibility alone of raising the children .
i would she 'd a tear for those poor poor women having to run away and start a new life somewhere else if i was n't a mangled corpse in a shell crater ...
it just makes sense since that 's canonically what apocalypse does do his horsemen .
ama ist schon eine weile her aber wenn ich lese dass ihr brot fleisch und soße alles selbst macht muss ich trotzdem nochmal fragen liefert ihr auch an die ostsee ?
i 'm a new commenter lol world is an amazing place .
you grow up being lied to all your life about giving a fuck from all society to wake up one day in middle age and really realize no one does and everyone 's lying .
it takes a heavy mind to not go crazy in this sick society .
yes he 's also up to date with aew .
that 's why i 'm curious why rb did n't mention it at all .
i mean this cody has to be the same cody that showed up in aew right ?
f\*ck you tommyinnit '' has to be one of my favorite parts lol
are you still searching for someone to play this out with
die ukraine jetzt auf modernes equipment umzurüsten ist doch nur positiv .
entweder kann die ukraine mittelfristig schwere gegenschläge führen oder sollte es doch frieden geben wird die armee der ukraine gleich wieder aufgebaut und kann als abschreckung dienen .
denn wie man in tschetschenien gesehen hat putin gibt erst ruhe wenn er bekommt was er will
yes do you have a better pic of her face ?
it 's more of the lack of a relationship is making my depression and anxiety worse .
i got the smallest taste of what it would be like to be with someone who was perfect for me for about 3 months and she turned around and got back together with her ex .
i completely agree with the sentiment and do n't murder me for this but i think this is actually a flaw in elden rings design due to the open world .
in all other souls games souls felt like they were a commodity .
even if you died and went back to a boss you nabbed those souls because you worked hard for them .
with the earlier souls games ' more linear design you knew you had to go through the same enemies and through the same difficult environment each time to make an attempt at that boss .
it was n't always easy to just run to a fog door or decide to go some other direction in the open world .
you needed those particular souls extremely badly and you took a chance with the boss and lost them so they were number one priority .
like i said i fully agree with the idea but i think in the earlier souls games this feeling was a silver lining to a cloud of sadness .
in elden ring you 're just happy because you know you can get more runes somewhere else and you can try the boss some other time when you 've levelled up .
do n't feel bad you 'll hopefully get over it sometime soon
thanks for sharing your child 's essay on boston .
i look forward to reading their works down the road when they get to high school .
id say take him just because it makes things more fun and fair ?
obviously he could play for us but at this point id be down to have some teams give up bench players to make this tournament more balanced .
jimmy fallon was somewhere playing video games while this picture was taken
traptrix when you want the hole they really give it to you
the big aggregated review sites suggest otherwise with more positive scoring than negative overall .
so saying ‘most ' people are n't enjoying it is either conjecture or based on a really limited sample size .
i think what is very true is that the season is polarising the audience in a big way .
also the only item i was referencing with the preconceived notions was the specific issue you brought up about the transition between seasons being disjointed it was n't a general statement .
and i 'm not saying that parallels or themes existing is enough to make something good but ke is using those devices effectively to demonstrate change/development in the two main characters which frankly i think is going straight over some people 's heads .
anyway clearly we 're not going to agree but there 's also nothing wrong with that !
children only know that they are taught to get mad at a child is the same concept .
in the end people have been uneducated in many aspects for centuries .
but no point in allowing someone that is doing it intentionally to get you mad because they honestly do n't have the proper education .
but my point is that a child ca n't ride a bike if they are never taught somehow that you can ride a bike .
most people do n't realize they have these perspectives and not all people actually want them .
and the ones that choose to impose their uneducated belief on you either one .
they are unhappy really so no reason to let them ruin your day .
prathi cinema lo eevida you know who entry entra babu
my dad had bought it in bermuda when it came out and he got the british mono release .
i grew up listening to that so when it was released on cd the stereo mix sounded so horrible .
it 's not until giles martin did the remix that i was ok with that stereo version the remix was was based on the mono but still think the original mono is best .
get rid of maxwell 's and it 's almost perfect .
hes a good example of the pool fans who go to library that is annfield .
at some point in your life you should play soccer .
i 'm not even a huge fan of the game but it teaches kids teamwork and gets them active all while being a cheap and easily accessible sport to play .
damm this dude is asexual and they have more bitches than you .
the thing is that roxas xion and axel never died .
the first two remained quite alive as distinct hearts in sora roxas still being around at the end of kh2 in much the same manner as kairi 's stint in sora in kh1 is the first proof of this and axel 's feelings simply became a part of lea who returned from the heartless just like literal worlds had already done .
neither xehanort nor eraqus went back in time at the end of kh3 .
good interest rate but that amount of interest on a 10k maximum is n't a game changer .
your submission has been automatically removed because your account is less than one day old .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mercari if you have any questions or concerns .
please explain why you are refusing to change the female panting .
ever since you added the sprint the female characters pant 3 times to catch their breath while the male characters pant once .
that means people who play as female characters are punished with an extended annoying audio for choosing to play a female character .
i have reported this as a bug on the discord .
even insym noticed it when sprinting was first added but then he changed back to playing male characters and it was never mentioned again .
the biggest names in phasmophobia content creation are male .
i am not at all surprised that there is no consideration or care to the players who wish to play as females .
que no te importe lo que las personas digan de ti ni tampoco te llevas del que dirán o esa mierda tú solo has lo que te haga feliz y eso pos
to each their own but i do have another question why is the top tier just human ?
the vast majority of the cast is human at the end of the day .
be transparent about operating costs and do n't be greedy .
you could even form the business as a cooperative and let drivers and developers have democratic control over the finances .
you 'll be able to know how and when to engage in certain areas .
literally all scenarios she 's good either passive or aggressive play styles .
you just need game sense to predict where people are .
s tier for sure if you 're a high ranked player .
yes it is lol auto-include in pirate rogue no questions .
raider and freebooter while very good in the more aggressive builds are not required in all pirate builds
what are we supposed to do when chat is like this ?
it 's all fun and games until we get keyboard integrated joysticks .
like how we have 6 extra buttons on left of gaming keyboard remove 2 of them and add a joystick .
at the ballgame did n't want to miss logging my sotd
ca n't expect anything better from someone actually trying to side with johnson .
just came back after a couple years clearing some content and getting summons in .
is aether raids or arena necessary to enjoy/get the fullest from the game ?
i quit when ars were releasing and i used to always try for 19 or 20 in arena but i just do n't find it enjoyable anymore .
a great deal of the land in the southwest all the way out to la is grossly misused mismanaged and improperly developed .
la should not be a mass of suburbs for fucks sake .
my cat is nova and my dogs are luna and nox nox is all black
i 'm a male in my late 20s and consider it one of my favorite games ever so i 'm not sure the demographic is the issue it 's possible to just not like a game for a myriad of reasons taste is subjective
it teaches the kids the outside world is terrible and to lean on the church .
i think your idea works out well it 's all about what she and you are comfortable with .
hate when you just start chatting and someone is ready to set up a meeting ... take time get to know some about the other person .
nothing wrong with chatting progressive chatting and move with the flow ... there are a lot of people that i have chatted with but meeting never was a real thing .
and then others once comfortable could work out just go with the flow !
i really do n't understand why it 's a secret .
i have grander respect for tj folks over tb folks because at least people here know how to think and laugh well .
why ca n't danny tell everyone how to be like him .
back when i 'd meditate and do yoga like a motherfucker i 'd play drums with more energy and creativity .
8 hours a day at the kit for years is the real answer for danny talent .
that is what boggles me about tool and the only explanation i can think of is that some people literally ca n't handle evolving and everyone needs to figure out what they are capable of on their own .
in my mind abrahamic religions are backwards atheism is current but static and fixed learning about energy fields kundalini dna activation and cellular healing is the way forward for humans .
definitely a memorable moment in my life glad i could bring you a smile 😊
can confirm wife is a wedding photographer and it 's in her contract and she also makes a point of telling her couples before they commit .
same dude wife 's mouth is dry and she just puts her mouth on in and does n't actually suck 😆 she said its cause i 'm too big but exs never had an issue 😆
yes i spoke to mine about it and she has n't given me one in over a year.. .
furthermore do not post any leaks of unreleased chapters .
failure to properly spoiler tag comments may result in a temporary ban from the subreddit according to our moderation guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/tokyorevengers/wiki/moderator_guidelines
for more information on our rules please review the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/tokyorevengers/wiki/rules .
to spoiler tag your comments use the reddit spoiler feature or copy and paste the following
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tokyorevengers if you have any questions or concerns .
steam reviews the most reliable method of honest reviews and game popularity lol .
i installed and uninstalled 5 different apps yesterday to see if plugging my info into them would give me better chances for this cycle 😂
that 's still the most ridiculous situation i 've ever seen .
banned for using a term in his own language that is n't offensive to say thank you to his friend .
well in the end music is subjective it 's not like i hate all insert genre or am extremely uninformed .
i just did n't enjoy the song much because it is completly different from anything they have ever made .
i always thought of mr. coolade when i came across it
i do n't even think it is legal anymore .
from the nyt story from 2017 rebecca corry specifically said he asked permission .
i skimmed it before i made my comment to make sure i was n't misremembering the allegations .
but i 'm not trying to say he always asked permission .
and i 'm not actually trying to say he is n't a sex pest .
corry was named in the article so i 'm assuming she is fine being named as a victim here .
my little van van can do 120mpg on a really good day .
quite elegant in the sense that it can be completely top mounted .
good job on the whole thing looks a whole lot better than the mess i made the last time i built a guitar lol
ughh i 'm so weak and stupid for mommy amouranth 🥺🥵
radical acceptance is good for the things you can not change in the present accepting it and moving on to deal with it when you can .
many cis people think you should just accept that you will suffer '' but never want to hear sure it may never go away but my suffering can be lessened if you treat me the way i ask to be treated and let me get healthcare ''
bdk was using a massive gish gallop https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gish_gallop text=the 20gish 20gallop 20is 20a or 20strength 20of 20those 20arguments attack at the start but thankfully the environmentalist did n't bite .
she could have responded to counter every point raised but she knew there was no benefit she stayed on message environmental time bomb !
okay good just check the scaling on each of them so you can see which one is optimal
you 're probably making up you being in the area when it happened but i hope you 're right about him being finally killed
i thought it was called dominion cause the dinosaurs were dominating earth thus being their dominion
the only thing i wish it had was i 'm hearing someone ''
maybe you have n't seen some of the last fights where herb seems to want a fighter to die first before waving off the fight
finally i 've found a use for all of this remdesivir .
i believe a lot of newer ya is pretty decent and some of the older classics obviously .
there 's certain stories that are interesting enough and easy to hook you that some of the flaws are easy to overlook .
but i agree that some of these ya are so ridiculous .
i 'm a nostalgic person so i love to revisit things that have meant a lot to me .
i 've had to understand that the books i read in middle school and half of them in high school are so awful that i will just have to live with my happy memories and never pain myself but trying again .
i 've seen this duo flying over europe when both where on a demo tour after the first succesfull launch of ssl1 .
meme map obviously but show me 5 maps where germany switzerland austria and australia are on the same level as egypt argentina south africa etc .
my fucking back hurts and hunching forward to grip that little fella ai n't worth it .
we are just going to stand there and aim straight .
alot of the first world also has universal healthcare .
yes pulling teeth gives ur mouth more space to come back in making ur mouth smaller/less protruding .
edit sorry i realized you did n't mention extractions but if you have protrusion then chances are pulling teeth might be the case for u
we 've been trying to reach you about your planet 's extended warranty .
add mood ring and selfish and we got ourselves a stew going
tank maokai was a chad you werent able to kill him without cc but now look this you cant build tank items to tanks this is not a balance
i was using dockerosx for it as i was having issues with osx kvm saving my disk .
i 'm not sure why you are pushing back so hard on adding a teacher to help guide you .
there is a lot of stuff in there that is only going to hold you back on the path .
telling you to connect with someone wise who actually has traversed the path that you say you want to traverse is simply good advice .
edited to add in fact it 's the opposite of minimizing you .
when a young person shows an aptitude for music for example the most wonderful thing that a parent can do is to guide them to a good teacher instead of leaving them on their own to fumble in their bedroom with the internet .
3 dividend on 10,000 of stock which pays quarterly is 100
cnbc is out of touch with anyone making less than 100k per year .
selling or buying pink princess paraiso verde and ring of fireprice or budget 40 each 9 shippingtype small plantssize 2 '' potsimported/local localpayment method paypal goods services
edit rof sold out only pv 09 left ppp 05 08 sold
never wanted to sleep with the nanny so bad in my life
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/qdpay/comments/tzyiat/به_یادش_از_دیسکورد
this trend of guys fighting with girls is absolutely disgusting
complaining about team games and now there 's suddenly gon na be a big majority liking them and wanting this to not be true ? ?
any equipment i can purchase to do the test myself ?
the easiest ways to do this would require precipitating the calcium but if it 's a liquid supplement it almost certainly has other additives like citric acid salts that will prevent this .
supplements are poorly regulated in many markets so your best bet might be to buy a supplement from a brand that you trust .
if you lost a little weight you 'd look like ricki lake
well it depends on what you want to be the antagonist .
these sort of roles have characters who are just as obsessed with honor as actually winning .
so i would guess that most of your plot would be subterfuge and political maneuvering amongst the other high generals when not actually commanding a battle .
i usually see them as nobility from the 17th century .
finely dressed and finely mannered but willing to duel anyone else for the slightest insult .
more like the duelists a movie than a feudal lord .
and the battle can be as close or as far away from the main character as needed .
i 've read enough books to see space marines die by the dozen or annihilate an enemy force single handedly .
in all honesty with the amount of shares i have 34k per share would be more money than i 'd ever need for my remaining time on this planet .
i 'd be obliged to sell do nice things/help friends live very comfortably and set up an animal rehab centre to make my daughter 's dream come true and work there till i die .
unfortunately i think it 's called instagram style since everybody on instagram decorate their houses like this now .
no i have n't heard of anything like that .
let me know if you find an answer i cant seem to get one
maybe but it 's a throwaway acc so you ca n't prove it .
capitalism is such that company a can buy companies b-z and unless they share exact overlap the government probably do n't give a shit .
then company a can decide to shut down any one of those companies at-will all because it does n't align with their goals or whatever .
all of the people at that location are now out of a job .
not because what they were doing was n't valuable or useful but because someone else said nah we do n't care about that thing right now . ''
the future can only be changed by smashing that like button
spoken like someone who has never been to a range .
ok can you provide any links to studies representing the other side ?
i would assume it 'll be the same thing as before .
bei mir ist die edgar quest kaputt und hyeatta ist auch nirgendswo mehr zu finden .
teilweise sind quests auch gar nicht mehr machbar wenn du zu weit in der main quest bist und du wirst dann den reward nicht mehr kriegen .
z.b hab ich auch gelesen das du wenn man die raya academy komplett macht bevor man toph einen key gibt dieser nicht mehr da ist oder so .
heißt wieder du kriegst die geste von ihm nicht mit denen du seals in den towern nicht öffnen kannst .
und das ding ist vieles davon ist vlt nicht kritisch aber man will nichts verpassen vorallem wenn es vlt ein gutes item für dein build wäre in nem game das man für ein playthrough vlt 100h spielt .
wär alles halb so schlimm wenn dir das game das wenigstens sagen würde in irgendeiner form .
die vorherigen soulsgames haben da genug präzedenzfälle dafür geschaffen das man einfach vorsichtig ist .
i saw the belarusian one with the rider at some point but not any more later
then op 's kid can pay for college and shacking up herself .
i have a few local spots that 's specialize in denim alterations and have done a phenomenal job of patching the blowouts .
when they get as beat up as these i kinda dig the look .
but yea basically impossible to go 5 years without one .
if they had just let mordor win that would n't even be an issue now .
no but theres no reason to playb-57a in sim all i said
i watched it live and totally missed the boob so i do n't know .
i like it but know some people who hate it .
it 's great with nv as red dots can sometimes get lost where the circle dot is unmistakable .
plus a certain amount of leverage in areas such as trade negotiations sharing of intelligence military tech etc .
do you really think we declared insignificant groups of knuckleheads like the proud boys a terrorist group on our own or were we pushed by an american administration that was very eager to punish groups it saw as associated with the trump presidency ?
do n't even get me started on the avro arrow ... .
i wonder if faze could perform well if coldzera was in ropz or twistzz 's place .
cold broky olof niko rain was the strongest fragging iteration of faze as well but igl was not working .
i started to like csgo by watching luminosity sk core and i hated faze to death because they were the biggest rival before .
after cold left mibr i began rooting for faze and man things did not work out well and i did n't see cold at all after he left faze .
faze is my favorite team at the moment and i know why people really like the team .
i think if i do use it i 'll no longer input my weight .
i 'll also start doing my best to just avoid using it because it is not helpful i think it 's more stress inducing than helpful honestly
unfortunately arguing these points with these morons is all but impossible i bet you not one of them has got any clue how much weight is even on that bar i even saw some of them suggesting using a spotter ...
i ca n't believe they said abortion is worse than the holocaust and expected people to be on their side .
they are so disconnected from the god they love so much 🙄🙄🙄
r/onlyfansbrunette is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansbrunette if you have any questions or concerns .
several reasons but one of the main reasons is that when there 's cold weather people spend more time indoors and closer together .
also people tend to have lower levels of vitamin d in winter months which has a slight impact on the immune system .
plus rhinoviruses like the common cold tend to survive better in colder temperatures .
also let 's not forget that we do n't have any measures against corona anymore .
last winter for example iirc the common cold and flu also had very low numbers compared to other years .
i 'm just gon na add party rings in here too .
get a load of packets put them on your fingers and feel real fancy .
ruined king showed she is much more calm and less fanatico than people thought
to be fair some people are intentionally vague when talking about their universes or creative work on this sub and the internet in general because they do n't want any of their ideas stolen .
here 's a novel idea stop dicking around with the ball .
if you are reporting a bug then please delete this post and place it in the pinned bug report thread .
hello games reads that post and may miss general bug reports just posted under the general bug '' flair .
please continue to post using this flair if you wish to discuss a bug or possible bug .
you can also report a bug directly to hello games at zen desk https hellogames.zendesk.com .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nomansskythegame if you have any questions or concerns .
kid said everything every fast food employee wants to say to customers like al and never gets the chance to .
i 'm surprised this is n't higher considering how many people here continue to vote for the same republican politicians who have made it clear they will never act to do anything about climate change .
i mean habanero gummy bears at least taste they are hot but do n't want me to spit them out xd
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
you gon na start pointing out speling mistakes too ?
half the peloton is a way too conservative estimate definitely more like 95
thank god there is not a republican-like party with the same amount of voters .
in a lot of countries the christen democrats are among the largest parties .
in my eyes they are neither christian nor democrats but they still do not believe in supply-side-jesu https www.beliefnet.com/news/2003/09/the-gospel-of-supply-side-jesus.aspx s like the republicans and some democrats do .
i first had spores and sprayed them on thr grain .
after that grow was ready to be harvested i took a clone sample of the clusters i wanted put that center piece of meat on a agar dish and let the mycyliem grow .
i then transferred the rhizomorphic growth to other agar plates and got about a 90 rhizo coverage .
i put the remaining agar plate in the fridge and take samples out of it for new grows .
every month or 2 ill take a sample to make a new storage plate for the fridge .
though i will say my aunt used to give my brother and i refills for some of our prescriptions when we were kids and that worked out pretty well ?
and yeah i guess i was dumb for not insisting a different doctor treat me .
though tbh knowing the er i do n't know how that would have gone .
no i think you 're confusing it with how that happens in the last church with the priest
men and women ca n't be friends ! ! !
i got ta agree with the majority 1st your friend and 2nd you .
as sexy as you are with make up i personally like the more natural look .
you 're fuckin gorgeous do n't be afraid to tone the makeup down .
i think they 're made of card i got them from board game maker
i guess lots of stuff is happening under the hood '' but for me it a not noticeable .
one annoying thing instead of populating the start menu with my previous tiles it 's added in bullshit bloatware .
i want my menu because sometimes at 2am when i 'm struggling to get a project done i need to see a bloody icon just so i know what i 'm doing .
i cope by thinking sex does not exist and babies are carried by those big long nose birds forgot name in english
you all bozos must be capping if such thing as sex existed i would have had it by now .
those types always ruins the fun for everyone else .
he 's been breaking his fast by my house with chocolate ice-cream every night so far ... .
devil 's advocate here to be fair if the officers on grave are not following sop and doing their patrols this message/e-mail is completely justified .
just block him and do n't think about it .
at least they germinate tho i wish i could just walk into a store and buy poppy tea bags smh
it was n't even a debate it was an interview by a conservative commentator .
i did n't even know it was possible to lose an interview but he somehow managed to break my expectations ...
well that 's a bit odd imo because the post-anor londo boss fights are generally very dense in lore .
do you think they 're just doing general release for some places maybe ?
looks like a nuke went off and you are trying to outrun it
if this actually happened i 'd love for that person to die in a car crash or something .
... and this is why we ca n't have nice things folks .
there is a reason why most girls on reddit these days cover their faces because slut busters '' like these used to be everywhere on early reddit .
doxxing people and shit just for being sexy and posting nudes .
kind of limiting their freedom in the process in my opinion .
i personally think there 's not a single valid reason on this world to actually doxx a person .
hope you 're still having fun with your bro now .
i posted a similar thread a couple weeks ago with the same issue .
i ended up going and it was a waste of time .
exactly i will spend elsewhere my hands hurt i have ms and dupuytrens contracture to ca n't deal with how hard that was seriously .
want to meet up in real life and talk it through keyboard warrior
i once got in trouble for bringing my brother 's copy of nimrod to school and keeping it in my cubby
no you 're not off base at all and i agree with your assessment .
i just get frustrated when i see shit like this and do n't always say the most productive things .
he gives a golden seed early and killing him does not lock you out of getting the smithing stones at all
so i needed to write gaster fixing one of his creations before he fall into it '' ?
i know i need to destroy those things but one of them is behind a cracked wall and you need to grapple to get there but without bombegranate stabilizer you lose your bombegranate while grappling so i ca n't progress since i have n't done the kill it with fire quest but i also ca n't do the kill it with fire quest since i 'm stuck in the spires heart
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
yeah yeah this is why there is a 16 years sentence for burning the lgbt flag
the body of a young boy found dead this weekend in southern indiana was stuffed into a hardshell suitcase painted with the famous welcome to las vegas nevada sign .
indiana state police said an autopsy on the body was completed tuesday but investigators have not confirmed a cause of death the louisville courier journal reported .
results of the toxicology report are still pending and investigators are hopeful that information will shed more light on the cause of death police said in a statement .
a local resident hunting mushrooms discovered the body in a wooded area of washington county as crimeonline previously reported .
the boy was described as about 4 feet tall with a slim build and short haircut .
initially investigators thought he was between 5 and 8 years old but they now believe him to be closer to 5 .
indiana state police sgt carey huls said monday that investigators ' no .
1 goal at this point to is find out the identity and name of this child .
state police said the boy 's description has n't matched that of any indiana children reported missing .
we thought this would be a local case but since nothing has happened — we have n't had any matches so this obviously could be a national thing he said .
investigators have established a tip line for the case and ask anyone with information to call 1-888-437-6432 .
i fought the constant war for the canadian flag made me happy at the end we snuck into a few places while defending but i cant lie bananada was the best part
if that is a shitbox then what is my car ?
this man swallowed load after load of plant sperm for his girls .
check out the double album from the '80 's filigree and shadow '' by this mortal coil .
avalon '' by roxy music is pretty chill as well .
if aliens would ever try contact peacefully or belligerent way it would be for ideological scientific as we make interesting gueany pigs or religious principiles .
an advanced civilisation with reliable space travel would be able to harvest ressources in interstellar scale and do n't require any ressource or labor from earth .
it would have the ability to terraform places so earth as habitation zone would n't be tempting .
are they expected to know what you mean by that ?
i think you are viewing things the wrong way .
😂😂 not sure if i should say poor john people are dying for him and saving him .
for someone with funny in the name your jokes sure are n't .
i 've always found robert aickman 's short stories to be very lynchian lots of details that are disquieting for reasons that are hard to put your finger on tense atmosphere sense of a protagonist being pulled into a sinister other place they do n't understand and is never fully explained .
they 're a bit divisive as some people find them really annoying but i think they 're great .
with a pcie adapter it will work just fine as a secondary storage for boot drive it wont be all that straightforward tho .
personally i wouldnt bother getting a 4.0 ssd until i get a mobo capable of 4.0 there is no ssd crysis and the prices arent going anywhere .
go here http alexa.amazon.com sign in find your show 8 and deregister it .
it should do a normal reboot and you can register it again
learn how to do throws and hops early on you fly through the first 2000
be unpredictable even if a certain attack does less than another one
try and bait your opp by not using a shadow ability as soon as you activate it
learn which hero 's are tough to play against for me kibo fatjoo shang midnight
for kibo and midnight jet 's low attack is really good and is really good in pretty much any situation combo attacks that start low are invaluable
when kibo uses her sudden trick time an up jump and you can get a free throw .
when you uses her forward stab time a low attack or just do a roll and ready a block
it seems counterintuitive but she 's way better at long range because one of her shift talents let 's her stack shadow energy so keep is close up and use a lot of low kicks
for shang it 's tougher at higher levels he is a beast .
his shadow abilities make him the best common that people always have a ton of to level up quick .
lot of low kicks and good timing are the best answer
fatjoo is one of those that needs some sort of rework or nerf his attacks are some of the quickest in the game at short range and he has the longest range weapon .
hope this helps good luck name is flood basalt in-game t:6200
just tuned in holy shit gausman is only at 61 pitches ?
at least i was laughing as i downvoted this .
honestly never been infantilized for my autism but i kinda fantasize about it .
that 's pimenton de la vera which is specifically smoked paprika .
the two smoked and unsmoked are not interchangeable and spanish cuisine utilizes both .
käydään lähinnä lidlissä 1 aikuinen ja 3 lasta ruokalasku 300€/kk .
ei varmaan kovin paljon halvemmalla voi päästä 🤔 mutta tietysti se ruoka sitten on mitä on makaronimössöä lasagnea kaikenlaista mistä riittää pariksi päiväksi kanaa ja riisiä jne .
silloin harvoin kun haluaa enemmän valikoimaa ja astelee s-ryhmän kauppaan niin pakko ostaa maidotkin joltain valiolta tai juustoportilta että saa vähän puhdistettua omaatuntoa lidlin halppistuotteiden jäljiltä niinhän tuota sanotaan että se on aina tuottajien selkänahasta pois noi kauppojen omat merkit .
against the recommendation of my physiotherapist and my doctor ''
do clerical work with your arm in a sling ?
i only ask because they may want you back but on modified duties .
the limits of which would be outlined by your dr/or/physio could be as simple as answering phone calls or greeting people as they come in .
i mean i 'd be pissed if i were a fan there .
january or september in sf bring sunscreen just in case .
i do n't need permission to make an obvious joke .
know yourself well enough to know what you ca n't do .
this is sad but it does n't make you a bad person or anything .
it 's not uncommon to advise against treating low fevers see here https www.seattlechildrens.org/conditions/a-z/fever but ok if it causes discomfort .
you do n't need to check with your doctor every time you give tylenol but just be mindful that giving anyone fever-reducing pain medications makes it harder to know when the fever has actually gone away if you keep giving medicine on a schedule .
and cold tablets likely wo n't do anything since they 're not really medicine .
fluids clearing nasal passages rest and a humidifier cam be helpful though .
which ever one is on my lap purring or cuddled up sleeping with me is my fav .
training data is critical to building ai that works properly .
murati admitted that openai struggled to stop gender bias from cropping up and the effort was like a game of whack-a-mole .
at first the researchers tried removing all the overly sexualized images of women they could find in their training set because that could lead dall-e to portray women as sexual objects .
it cut the number of women in the dataset by quite a lot according to murati .
we had to make adjustments because we do n't want to lobotomize the model ... .
yes she was there when lilith came out in season 1 .
yeah exactly the more dpi you put on a mouse on a smaller screen the more precise it is .
why would i clean up when i could just coax you to come in my mouth in the first place ?
this is a common question on here and tough to know the answer because only admissions truly does .
i would go off of the advice from your admission counselor .
likely this only becomes an issue if it is multiple classes or there is a pattern of drop in performance then it becomes a discussion with your counselor as to the reason why that happened .
u/username to at '' users on reddit and have them get a mention '' notification .
if on desktop a dropdown of users participating in the post should pop up to make it easier .
and that 's all the welcome i 've got to offer you !
the dmitrievsky chemical plant in the city of kineshma is around 250 miles east of moscow
i think spending 5 minutes in the discord to find a friendly experienced crew is way faster and less annoying than riding around asking bigger boats to join an alliance .
leave everything maxed out even the psycho rtx settings .
i mentioned in another comment about my kz2 experience .
basically just started playing too late to have any chance to really learn the game as all that was left were people who only played kz2 .
now there 's a name i have n't heard in a long time a long time .
i think this was probably one of those i stayed up late to watch for no good reason when i was in high school .
you would not believe the google-fu i had to pull to even get the name of the movie .
all i could remember was the part where they were trying to come up with a name and the skweeming eagles ! ''
10yrs ... ... my god you guys pushed through that lol y'all deserve each other
anytime i 've broken up with someone i feel at such a horrible low and it 's awful .
how would it feel to have superpower when you can just go to top of mt everest and take sunbathe .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
these should load faster but amp is controversial because of concerns over privacy and the open web https www.reddit.com/r/amputatorbot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot .
maybe check out the canonical page instead https www.frbsf.org/economic-research/publications/economic-letter/2021/october/is-american-rescue-plan-taking-us-back-to-1960s https www.frbsf.org/economic-research/publications/economic-letter/2021/october/is-american-rescue-plan-taking-us-back-to-1960s
i think i was paying 79 cents for a gallon of gas back then .
it 's my fiancées number one steven universe song !
it 's an abstract but with a fun theme simple rules and a good bit of strategy .
the parent is losing their mind to the principal ... ?
just say you are looking for a relationship and the other person will get it .
i think that 's the season i stopped watching until the finale of the season where phaedra got blown up
a lot of youth do n't realize that older people used to view the world the same way the younger people do now ... but no longer do .
idk he has been doing it for a few years
on the other hand not having steyer 's eyes to help fix power and lock the void is going to be a major loss .
if we do n't have other ways to fight void recycling i expect void/revenge decks are going to run rampant .
i did n't even go to a particularly evangelical church but into my 20 's i felt a lot of guilt and shame around looking at porn which i did every now and then .
i brought it up to my therapist at the time feeling like it was a big deal for me to admit to porn addiction and she told me it was pretty normal and unless it was impacting my life i should n't worry about it .
that really freed me from shame i did n't need to be carrying around .
i think evangelical churches use it as a pretty damn universal weakness to exploit in people especially men to keep them thinking they 're terrible sinning worms who need guess what the church .
not all spirits are of god the bible widely acknowledges a spiritual world but it also gives you a format to test the spirits ask them is jesus god and who does every knee bow to if they reject they are demons disguised as angels
the wrist is legal target and it is hit quite often .
of the 4 targets the head men and the wrist kote are the most often hit .
after that the waist doh is the most popular and a distant fourth is the throat tsuki .
of listings 1 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=author 3a 22ireallylikecats69 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on feature=legacy_search no .
of reviews 100 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=flair 3areview 20 28title 3a 22ireallylikecats69 22 20or 20title 3a 22ireallylikecats69 22 29 sort=new restrict_sr=on
i would only want one of the espeons but would do one+paypal
even the coaches were smirking because they know that this is a meme .
then why has n't the rest of the universe made some form of anti dalek armor the shell is just polycarbide .
several races know how to make it but it seems odd no one has made dalek resistant armor .
i do n't think we 've ever seen any sort of anti dalek armor or barrier .
but you can look into doing a payday loan from a place to get you thru .
but if it 's just to make ends meet for a short period .
the dog has to be fed if you can not afford to get it food .
try to free options first but that 's a backup in case to get the pup fed .
kill 'em all is a great album and if i get banned for it who fucking cares ?
if i cared enough about reddit i 'd just change my ip and create another account ...
just because he tried an addictive substance does n't mean that he himself will end up with an addiction .
also ten minutes on google does n't qualify as research '' .
should n't you be glad that your brother does n't chain smoke and struggle to quit ?
sounds like he has a non-addictive personality or a very strong commitment to his personal wellbeing .
would n't have to ask if they included a map .
forward those messages to the wife and watch the destruction from afar .
ya you can if the party are ok with it .
if the other person wants someone they trust can play there character
we 'd like you to be aware of a few things in addition to making this post
please make sure that you read the rules here .
you can comment on posts where people are offering their kind voices .
if you do talk to someone from kv and you 'd like to leave feedback positive or negative you can message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/kindvoice .
if you have discord you are welcome to join our discord server !
we hope you find the support you need here .
if you are not able to find support perhaps try reaching out to users who offering their kind voices !
if you need immediate medical attention please call your national emergency number 999 911 112 000.. check your country 's emergency line in the crisis line list below
consider contacting a suicide helpline please find one for your country here .
please consider posting in r/suicidewatch they are far better equipped to talk you through your situation .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kindvoice if you have any questions or concerns .
it could be interesting if the movie had any sort of discussion on how having a disability affects his ego but the movie is more focused on him not having his powers .
like i said in the beginning whether or not he is disabled barely has any effect on the movie .
i 'm not looking for an a24 drama but to give an example of something that works i think freddy from shazam is pretty good .
his disability is discussed in the movie at a few points in meaningful ways .
viv saying she wasnt confident till around episode 3 is probably why she lost snatch game clutching onto straws that she was robbed 😪
you need to go to marriage counseling then get a lawyer .
would love to chat with you guys and share pics
prin liceu mai furam ocazional cand intram in vreo clasa pustie ca eram fomist .
oricum cornurile expirau in ziua in care erau primite iar cu laptele aia din generala se bateau si dadeau cu el de pamant ... era un lapte ok chit ca uht de ce sa-ti bati joc asa
thank you so much for the silver snd kind comments !
i 'm excited you learned about the mountain and will visit !
ako te pitaju zasto trazis drugi posao prospi pricu da ne mozes profesionalno da napredujes u trenutnoj firmi i da bi da ucis i radis novije tehnologije .
i was just embarrassed as it was a daft injury .
i was honest with my colleagues and it was totally fine .
but there is still a bizarre all-around hatred of the beatles .
you are assuming that kurama does n't fit the naruto world 's definition for alive '' despite tailed beasts literally being masses of chakra that hagoromo gave life '' to using six paths powers .
you 're assuming that being sealed in a person who is dead means that you are dead despite there being no indication of that being the case in-universe and there 's even evidence that somewhat disproves you .
i remember andrei saying that exynos had the smallest though and had these two numbers jotted down .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
please note if you are trying to transcribe on reddit mobile you will not be able to copy/paste this footer .
please switch to your mobile browser and copy the footer to a note file on your device .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
they are good when they are fresh out of the oven even after like 10 mins under that heat lamp then you get the boot leather sandwich special
he 's using the legal system to harass her .
there 's actually quite a few threads talking about how people have caught covid and how they dealt with it if you search using the coronavirus '' tag i 've just changed this post to the same tag so you can click that .
to learn more about verification or to verify please read how to get verified https www.reddit.com/r/averagepenis/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/averagepenis if you have any questions or concerns .
i finally read his rap sheet https www.antihate.ca/antisemitic_islamophobic_racist_conspiracy_theorist_dominating_international_anti_mask_movement on antihate.ca and hoooboy it was quite a bit worse than i had imagined .
just based on his previous statements i feel like chris sky is the closest you can be to a nazi without literally flying a nazi flag .
according to army regulations on enlisted frocking only soldiers in an active guard reserve agr positions .
soldiers on promotion lists who are assigned to msg 1sg sgm or csm positions before they can be promoted gener
ally there are no controlled grade allocations for agr soldiers may be frocked .
ags may authorize frocking by informal memorandum when the soldier is assigned to the position and the cngb
has denied a controlled grade allocation for that soldier .
may be frocked only when approved by the cngb .
soldiers will not be frocked earlier than 1 day prior to assumption of
frocking will not be approved to provide an interim fill for these positions .
cards or change official records to show a frocked rank .
do not issue da form 4872 certificate of promotion to non
commissioned officers until the soldier is actually promoted to msg or sgm .
selection by the arng csm board per ngr 600 – 200 .
ncos will remove their frocked insignia of rank upon reassignment
frocking does not entitle a soldier to time in grade pay in the frocked rank or credit on the retired
list and will not be used for any purpose related to determining the highest grade held .
yeah this looks like an iphone 1 next to an iphone 4
yeah i fucking worked through the whole thing so pardon me for not learning how to make sourdough bread .
seriously i ca n't take my eyes off of you .
i mean it also seems like tiarra is stubborn as hell so even if he did try to help her she 'd likely not listen to him .
they will take care of this for you so long as you have proper id .
unfortunately it has been removed for one or more of the following reasons
it is a common or basic question better suited for our discord https discord.gg/4bxjgky basic question sticky or google .
please read the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/wiki/postingrules before continuing to post .
if you have any questions message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/pcgaming .
what do you mean by indoctrinated and ‘kind of thing ' ?
people come on here just to like find different stupid reason to spout hate .
i dare you to ask any question in any page and you 'll get 2 or 3 decent answers and 40 people telling u how stupid u r for not already knowing i do n't know what 's wrong with these people .
more then likely they 're spending much much more time on reddit or site like it spouting hate then they r spending time with the opposite sex so maybe that 's something to do with it
there is also another distillery that sells on the square as well .
i 've always wondered what they use for the steal rating .
i do n't expect every guy with good speed to have good stealing but c'mon lol .
yeah but you do n't say what they sued you for .
based on the fact that he was served not arrested this was a civil not criminal trial .
so being a crime or not is rather irrelevant to the first half of your statement .
second op 's story makes it clear that they didn't tell the whole story to their lawyer .
if they suggested that he simply failed to warn them about the movie 's rating i could see someone thinking there 's a chance at emotional damages related to child endangerment or some equally bizarre twist ianal and do n't know the exact charge of course .
regardless of what exactly is being taught you should n't dedicate 3 days a week to teach lgbtq especially not 3rd graders there 's much more important commom knowledge and skills these kids need to learn .
ofc you can bring awareness to this topic and teach tolerance but 3 days ?
lol i bought it even after seeing the stained looking pr pics .
somehow i thought it would be different in person ?
thank you for lovely compliment i appreciate that you were able to look past this funky mani !
to win a nft drop your add in chan drop your addy
sometimes yes color is less important than girth and length in that order
canadians do n't seem to have any coherent understanding of bitcoin at all and frankly this sub adds to that harm it does n't help .
maybe it should n't be a wonder that canadians are so misinformed if this subreddit full of misinformation and scams and moderators who refuse to take action is one of the main resources canadians turn to .
as a vikes fan i would n't mind jordan davis i think he 'll be a monster but if kyle hamilton 's there we need secondary more desperately .
by t. kingfisher read by amara jasper for macmillan an original and subversive fantasy adventure .
this is n't the kind of fairytale where the princess marries a prince .
it 's the one where she kills him . ''
by alma katsu read by traci kato-kiriyama and louis ozawa for penguin the acclaimed author of the celebrated literary horror novels the hunger and the deep turns her psychological and supernatural eye on the horrors of the japanese american internment camps in world war ii . ''
by fernanda melchor read by fabiola stevenson for new directions inside a luxury housing complex two misfit teenagers sneak around and get drunk .
franco andrade lonely overweight and addicted to porn obsessively fantasizes about seducing his neighbor an attractive married woman and mother while polo dreams about quitting his grueling job as a gardener within the gated community and fleeing his overbearing mother and their narco-controlled village .
each facing the impossibility of getting what he thinks he deserves franco and polo hatch a mindless and macabre scheme . ''
by don winslow read by ari fliakos for harper two criminal empires together control all of new england .
until a beautiful modern-day helen of troy comes between the irish and the italians launching a war that will see them kill each other destroy an alliance and set a city on fire . ''
by vaishnavi patel read by soneela nankani for redhook the only daughter of the kingdom of kekaya she is raised on tales of the gods how they churned the vast ocean to obtain the nectar of immortality how they vanquish evil and ensure the land of bharat prospers and how they offer powerful boons to the devout and the wise .
yet she watches as her father unceremoniously banishes her mother listens as her own worth is reduced to how great a marriage alliance she can secure .
and when she calls upon the gods for help they never seem to hear . ''
kurtness translated by pablo strauss read by amy landon for scribd an intimate yet wide-sweeping story of a marine biologist working to save ocean ecosystems from climate change . ''
by viola davis read by the author for harper in my book you will meet a little girl named viola who ran from her past until she made a life-changing decision to stop running forever . ''
how to keep house while drowning a gentle approach to cleaning and organizing
by kc davis read by the author for simon and schuster if you 're struggling to stay on top of your to-do list you probably have a good reason anxiety fatigue depression adhd or lack of support .
for therapist kc davis the birth of her second child triggered a stress-mess cycle .
the more behind she felt the less motivated she was to start .
she did n't fold a single piece of laundry for seven months .
one life-changing realization restored her sanity—and the functionality of her home you do n't work for your home your home works for you . ''
by karen hancock 2002 read by aimee lilly for oasis transported surreptitiously to a terrifying alien world with limited resources and only a few cryptic words to guide her callie hayes finds herself engulfed in a perilous battle for freedom—for her very life .
after agreeing to participate in a routine psychology research experiment she must unravel the mysteries shrouding her only route of escape or risk succumbing to the deadly deception of the arena . ''
contagion and dark property two novellas and other short stories
by brian evenson read by the author for audible in dark property a woman carries a dying baby across a desert waste moving toward a fortress harboring a mysterious resurrection cult .
menaced by scavengers she nevertheless begins to suspect that the reality within the fortress may be even more unsettling than the blasted environment outside .
as she slips unobtrusively toward the city of the dead she is pursued by a bounty hunter who cuts a bloody swath after her .
long out of print contagion and other stories is one of brian evenson 's most sought-after and lauded collections of fiction . ''
by kay camden 2013 read by wayne mitchell and amanda berry for blackstone he 's killed three men in the few days she 's known him .
yes it was self-defense but when he tried to kill her it was n't .
her peaceful mountain refuge has been invaded her inexplicable nausea linked to his physical presence .
she 's captive in his house for her protection with a churning stomach his bad attitude and no safe way home .
all that changed the night the stars aligned . ''
the discord of gods a chorus of dragons book 3
by jenn lyons read by feodor chin lauren fortgang and vikas adam for macmillan the epic conclusion to jenn lyons 's chorus of dragon series closing out the saga that began with the ruin of kings . ''
by premee mohamed read by omari newton for penguin seven years ago the last survivor of earth crashed through uncountable dimensions and fetched up in a strange new world .
now nick prasad owes his life and livelihood to the royal family that employs him as a prophet even though they are servants of the ancient ones who destroyed his home . ''
the girl and the moon the book of the ice book 3
one foot in the fade the fetch phillips novels book 3
the other half of the grave the night huntress novels book 8
by brian lumley read by joshua saxon for crossroad press
by ian j. malone and chris kennedy read by todd mclaren
rosebud by paul cornell tordotcom a multilayered locked-room science fiction novella from paul cornell in which five digital beings unravel their existences to discover the truth of their humanity . ''
and at my back i always hear by scott nicolay word horde from world fantasy award-winning author scott nicolay comes a new collection of eight tales of the macabre and the uncanny . ''
revelations horror writers for climate action edited by seán o'connor with an introduction by sadie hartmann stygian sky media featuring gemma amor clive barker laird barron ramsey campbell richard chizmar tananarive due philip fracassi t.e .
grau joe hill stephen king gwendolyn kiste john langan sarah langan joe r. lansdale tim lebbon josh malerman adam l.g .
nevill nuzo onoh sarah pinborough priya sharma and paul tremblay . ''
prison of sleep book ii of the journals of zaxony delatree by tim pratt angry robot after escaping the ruthless lector zax delatree has a new enemy to fight in the sequel to doors of sleep . ''
i think you 're going for sleepy hollow '' .
that mindset is also extremely hurtful to people like my sister who 's tried to conceive with her husband for nearly three years .
this here is the answer to most of thus subs infantile crying about lack of success in the work place .
i landed a job in my first semester in the program .
i actually am going back in the fall to finish the last two classes .
i took a break bc i was paying out of pocket and once i got in a cro figured they could pay for the rest .
why ca n't we kill a god worth killing like saradomin ?
depends are you a w-2 worker with taxes taken out or under the table ?
if you are a full employee then you can ask about pay increase as you are improving and what the level would be .
if you are n't then check your state it might be illegal to be considered a 1099 or independent while working on her clients and no insurance of your own .
i 've been diagnosed with did i am skeptical about that diagnosis though and my mental health is a big part of the reason i 've decided to put transitioning on hold for a bit .
i do n't think i 'm at a point where i can safely say that i 'm clear enough on my own identity to make any permanent changes to my body .
i want to see what my life is like without labels expectations trying to pass and fear of abuse .
i could definitely see how did could lead to significant confusion about these things but i do n't speak for everyone who lives with this disorder and personally i may or may not actually be trans .
nah i 'm more into the mother comforts you during a depressive episode '' asmr videos .
i hate eating anything that 's looking at me and if it looks exactly like a person ?
it wo n't be 6 episodes again with 10 queen 's likely 8 with a top 3 or they have some twist that makes a top 4 by the end
i rarely feel like i have total control and just have to trry and suggest things happen/change .
i 'm not trying to be shady or judgmental but i 'm legit curious is this how one typically dresses to attend churchome ?
because you would bankrupt us 100 times over you pig .
please for the love of god tell me this is satire
hi just wondering who that white water rafting was with ?
was the rafting part of the transfer from la fortuna to puerto viejo ?
do you honestly think one shot parry builds are some braindead nuke or be nuked '' situations ?
do you have any idea how long it takes to learn the parry timings for weapons when there 's an absurd amount of them ?
you do n't have to nuke someone that has a parry build .
it 's easy to miss the forest for the trees .
while we are not under the levitical law the new testament does apply but you must be careful not to just pick out a verse and remove other pieces of that passage so let 's look at 1rst corinthians 1 more closely and also another principle we need to avoid the pitfall of looking in scripture to gather isolated verses to support whatever doctrine even correct ones because that 's not really listening to the word but only using it to our own exterior purposes exterior to what god wants from us which is faith and listening .
instead we read fully one passage at a time fully listening .
so let 's pick one passage and then really listen .
9 or do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of god ?
do not be deceived neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor men who practice homosexuality 10 nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards nor revilers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of god .
but you were washed you were sanctified you were justified in the name of the lord jesus christ and by the spirit of our god . ''
and we will remember already that christ said to even lust after another person not your spouse is already committing adultery and we can see instantly that adultery which is in this list is far more common .
and reviling also today in america it is very common to hear people revile groups or individuals .
but revilers can not enter heaven we read here .
now you will remember that everyone falls short all are sinners and none are worthy of the glory of god .
what saves people is faith in christ and continuing to focus on him and thus walk in the spirit so that he helps us to walk the right way .
so it 's not our own power that is saving us .
and none can be saved by their own righteousness they have from their own deeds on their own .
so while we learn in scripture that drunkenness idolatry of every last kind including even to football etc .
slander/reviling so common adultery in the heart even though not acted on in a physical way sodomy and more these are wrongs what are we to do ?
read romans chapter 7 ... .but do n't despair when you do .
so when i 'm in church i understand perfectly well that some of the 'gay ' members will be in heaven and some of the heterosexual members will not make it .
and so i obey what we are told in 1rst john chapter 1 confessing my sins as i go along and relying on christ.
trying my best not to be pessimistic but there is an eerie sense of inevitability about this performance .
hope i 'm proven wrong early in the second half with a goal to shut my cynical arse up .
just an anniversary from when it was first registered .
and then it is in june every year no matter what
so when they detect a hacker they 've tried teleporting people around making them invisible why bother ?
why are you detecting hackers and trying to give them a spanking instead of just permabanning their account ?
you miss her because you loved her and you are grieving her loss .
bargaining with yourself like this is just one stage of the grieving process .
just be where you are acknowledge that you miss her and do n't judge yourself for it .
just because you miss her does n't mean you need to do anything about it that you will regret later .
japan was ready to surrender and we knew it but nuked them anyways .
in an effort to improve the quality of conversation we now require submission statements on all link and image posts .
please leave your submission statement in a top-level comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/scientology if you have any questions or concerns .
ca n't wait to see what your future projects are
i noticed its a bit more common in the southern hemisphere 's wild populations but its pretty much ubiquitous in captivity .
i think theres a correlation but its quite contested .
sad and frustrating humans have to act against each other instead of together .
seems more oddly terrifying to me and not super wholesome
i got a 5/6 on my 1370 bard first try and just paid a little more for one accessory instead of chasing that rng .
you mean putin is like musk who created a false narrative about some great evil that needs to be smited but in reality it was just about giving himself more control ?
it 's still very much the same show.. not sure what 's so great now besides cody being a breath of fresh air and maybe the fact that some of these new storylines/matches havnt happened 20 times yet .
thank you for the tip would either be worth anything
can you elaborate more on your mental practice routine ?
i find my body limits me from practicing more than 2 hours per day but my mind wants to keep working !
i fully agree i like the changes hell i even like the new void move with how easy it is to go vertical with it but it 's way to easy to die in spoilermode .
and the new death '' penalty is punishing it would be a great change if you had some more survivability previous version was negligible .
i 'd rather smoke the shitty weed i smoked at 16 than buy weed from them 😂
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 you must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just yes '' or no '' .
you may want to try to post your question in r/polls .
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on askreddit .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
try including question phrases like what is ... '' what are ... '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
two populations can be genetically distinct without being seperate species .
for example wolves canis lupus lupus and domestic dogs canis lupus familiaris are often listed as subspecies rather than seperate species .
that 's the point of contention here i think .
if you view his statement macron winning is bad '' strictly in the context of the run-offs where there are only two options then saying option one being chosen is bad is tantamount to saying two is good and vice versa .
but the think is at the time of this tweet shaun had never even mentioned melenchon before leftist candidate who got 3^rd place in round 1 and he did n't say it is not good that melenchon lost '' or it is not good that the options are macron and lepen '' after round 1 concluded .
he waited until after round 2 concluded and said it is not good that macron won ''
the timing and target of the statement carries a lot of implications with it .
the implication that it would have been better to not vote and let lepen win .
i do n't think shaun is a red-brown or a secret fascist .
i think he 's just an idiot contrarian with his takes on twitter .
though functionally there 's not much difference between an idiot contrarian and those .
with a tpe you get up to 100 plus 100,000 so perhaps the final amount of the tpe is n't a coincidence .
i never noticed until her scenes in the bed where she calls ross that her eye is little to the side .
hadnt noticed that before when she was actually in new york with the friends .
a good comparison would be the sole of your shoe .
people actually see the inside of your suit jacket .
you are on 110v inptu voltage if i can ask ?
also i have coil whine under 0 load at all when pc is shutdown common problem on 220v input voltage but lucky for me and whoever have that problem is that you can enable erp mode inside bios https www.compuhoy.com/what-is-erp-in-bios https www.compuhoy.com/what-is-erp-in-bios soo yea .
amazon de had some great deals around easter 70€ on rm650x 2018 model was a crazy good deal if i compare slovenian prices on that model which are around 120€ .
and when you look at quality of that unit with 10 year warranty yes please !
system power 9 psu unit really powerufl little puppy but only 500w and non modular cables makes it quite not enjoyable for me .
soo when i find that great deal i pull a trigger right away .
afer when unit was already shipper some1 on reddit warned me about that problem .
i freaked out since i find that sound quite annoying .
and after researching like crazy i find that erp mode which can reduce coil whine like alot .
and i still had little hope that maybe i was lucky enough not to have that issue .
but i was wrong coil whine was there when pc was turned off and it was quite strong one i can hear it from 1m from my pc .
i almoust file a amazon return request but before that i decided to enable erp mode and it helps like alot coil whine was almoust gone .
only drawback is that i cannont put my pc to sleep because coil whine is there and its annoying to work something else .
i decided to keep that unit because lets be honest 70€ on rm650x is crazy good deal and that little drawback is totally not worth to be stressed about !
thats my story idk why i am even writing this maybe because to inform others that coil whine on rmx series of psu is a common issue but it can be easily removed aswell .
plus that issue should not be cause to any stressing about it its just sit and relax because you bought yourself a quality unit which should served you well .
what i gather is that you portray the left as a somewhat unified pro-state front .
in reality there 's a myriad of opposing world views within the same spectrum .
some still romanticize authoritarian states some are only anti-us but there 's a lot more .
some people actually leaned https www.theguardian.com/news/2015/feb/18/yanis-varoufakis-how-i-became-an-erratic-marxist from what the realization of the marxist ideology in some of its forms came to be.there 's the anarchists who since the beginning disagreed with the idea of a single party government or a strong state and were summarily silenced or exiled there 's the reformists the moderates the social-democrats etc .
interestingly some of your points overlap with some marxist analysis of capitalism specifically the thin line between corporations and state .
his predictions were rather optimistic instead of disillusioned like i perceive yours to be though .
there 's some common ground among those and that is to open a path for direct democracy and personal guaranties .
one should be able to take decisions or be informed of the direction one 's own workplace takes .
since people vote with their wallet '' someone having a wallet several thousands bigger than the rest just obliterates the idea of democracy and so on .
one does not have a lot freedom of choice without education food health and housing security .
how all that is achieved is up in the air and that fragmentation of views just leads to complexity and people just do n't follow complex politics .
that 's also why the reductio ad absurdum of everything i dislike is socialism '' is so effective .
whenever confronted there 's no cohesive description of what the left '' is .
in the us what is perceived as such most of the time falls right into center right territory .
this is somewhat changed outside of political figures though with all the movements reacting to precarious work conditions .
anyways right now the most valuable thing i see in the left as single front is the effort to challenge what we perceive is the natural order of things and put out there the idea that a different path is possible .
he thought having such massive development and overlap would open the road to communism which ... it did n't happen it led the way to a new form of techno feudalism as janis varoufakis calls it
i do n't have a magic answer but he came in 4th for mayor of nyc.. his political aspirations are dead .
it 's easier to know who a bad candidate is with a proven losing record than it is identifying a winner .
we do n't have enough information to know that that is actually the case and neither does the original author the complaint is that it 's coming '' .
it 's difficult to do mfa based login auths on windows natively and most implementations use third party software that occurs after login and usually provides a recourse to contact it in the workflow .
it 's a pretty common problem and honestly the op just does n't sound very experienced .
invite the like button over for game night but really just tie him up on the bed and have a priest perform an exorcist over him .
you are now failing to respond to anything i 've said and that means you 're conceding .
if you had some point to make you would make it .
twitter is currently a leftist space that censors the right but allows mainstream leftist positions like these
white people should be killed/white women should be raped https i.imgur.com/yf1lyoj.jpg
white people having large families is a form of terrorism https i.imgur.com/c84iwod.png
parlor does not censor and that 's why leftists like you can not survive there .
in general if there 's no censorship you wont like it because your ridiculous ideas will be rebutted .
so instead you censor the right and allow leftist posts like the ones i 've just cited .
well if you are in the u.s. people refused to wear masks and get the vaccine there is no amount of persuasion that will convince me that they are not stupid selfish assholes .
it 's just like humans to forget already what happened .
i wo n't make a verbal comment to these people but in the back of my mind i will probably be thinking it .
this particular sub has always been full of no vaccines and no masks people .
i ca n't convince any of you and that 's fine .
you are n't even taking the whole story though .
you ca n't verify anything that works only on a globe .
you can however verify things that work only on a stationary plane .
you open eyes to real scientific information and you ca n't then turn away .
it should work with any mode when you play it you 'll notice it especially during the combat it 's a lot smoother and adjusts the hz depending on what your doing in the game kinds like how a phone adjusts from 60hz and 120hz .
my x axis belt was loose i tightened it and here is the results
i probably could print from here but i 'm still going to redo my retraction test and maybe my e-steps .
i did the e-step calibration at 240c so maybe the higher temp will give me a better result .
not complaining but why is stratton their closer and not bednar ?
cobb just made it so you can not alter emissions related functions that wo n't really have much of an effect on most types of street builds .
many reputable tuners had already started going the direction of not installing or tuning for affected mods before this decision .
this sign has been hanging on a friend 's shops wall for a while .
it will be very crowded when there is either a sharks game in sj or a giants game in sf .
it 's not so bad if you 're commuting for work though sometimes these overlap and typically near empty in off hours like the afternoon .
quite a long ride unless you catch a bullet train too .
i would consider a block that can be cut with a knife very effective and usually cheaper !
its not a good example for kids lmao lazy bunch of self centred egotistical players
a living organism that grows from dead and rotting organisms .
mold/fungi are not spontaneously created ex nihilo out of decomposing organic matter .
and just for this last one let 's use the right 's favorite slur for lefties .
nature 's chaotic process that without sentient intervention creates elaborate geometric orders .
there also needs to be a recognition that our perceived understanding or order '' is a construct that we have implied in other things .
to say that we can observe something with regularity '' and apply the scientific test of repeatability '' to that observation is not innate within us nor is it a priori a part of the natural world .
yes there are patterns in and around us everywhere but our inability to recognize a pattern does not substantially transform it into disorganization .
this then leads to the argument of irreducible complexity and statistical probabilities .
in the end it comes down to whether we are willing to concede that we can not know all that there is and establish for ourselves a mechanism to comfort our innate desire for care and nurturing by devising one like us to be that ὃ οὐ κινούμενον κινεῖ lit .
that which not being moved moves or primium movens '' .
thomas aquinas was fascinated with aristotle and recontextualized many of his ideas within the teaching of the catholic church as a means of showing that human kind can come to a knowledge of god without direct special revelation .
in reality it diluted aristotle 's teaching as well as the church 's .
his attempts were to bring comfort to many by trying to establish greater order '' to the world with a cover of sophist theology .
by trying to explain it all he laid bare more questions .
for some it helps that god created and gave structure to the world and saw that it was good '' .
some prefer to know that the world has an order of its own that ca n't be entirely observed or explained .
the question comes down to how your views impact you and your world and do you use them to improve it for yourself or everyone ?
i 'm mostly friends with the playa vista office and they tend to piggyback off the overall company culture .
dca has said they wo n't be participating again this year .
only the five great villages konoha suna kumo kiri and iwa have kage in manga canon .
i am not that great honestly '' lol damn bro what made you come to that conclusion
new hampshire state troopers are absolute assholes and run radar almost all the time .
ca n't remember the last time i saw a vt trooper running radar i 've had a detector for years .
you 're right though it 's hard to get pulled over in vt. i-89 is usually a lawless wasteland and i love it
thats like 4 clashes for every enemy all at the low low price of never being able to play it !
nightmare could do wonders between monkeys paw for free cards nunchaku and all the shivs for energy ans damage .
good with shivs powers and blur so it can dupe whatever you need more .
if you got no evidence then do n't make baseless accusations against other players .
plus you can save the last 30s to 15 minutes of gameplay in pc or ps .
it looks straight out of sono bisque doll wa koi wo suru .
well it takes too many braincells to even suggest that these american patriots are islamic since islamic people enlisting in the us military is much too far fetched .
im down for some games and/or chill watching some movies or anime
5 is awesome i always leave that each day it 's so impactful .
they work so hard get paid crap and i appreciate them .
i mean he introduces himself as aldia scholar of the first sin .
check your fusible links see if one has burned up .
had an issue years ago with the fuel pump not working ended up being one of those .
the man is consoling his easily irritated gal he wants her sweet for him
the outfit 's got some serious stc energy and the new shoes are a nice touch .
your anatomy kinda reminds me of how my friend draws sonic characters .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallyoutubers if you have any questions or concerns .
you took the cake on this one op still funny self post
you guys get the item guaranteed say if i wanted this i 'd need to drop 60k credits or more .
i think it 's fine giving newer players a chance to acquire some old content and it 's a nice way of preventing overinflation of skins that are never used .
lol this is not going to happen 1 2 you would still have the same exact thing happen
it 's not about the size of the set pieces it 's about the number and how they integrate into the story .
this is one of those times when you need to sit down with your wife and her bf if you are comfy with it and have a talk .
polyamory is all about balance your wife needs to find enough time for both of you as well as your kids in order for it to work .
just tell her about your doubts and how you feel right now .
they arent holding cawthorn accountable for being corrupt they are retaliating against him for exposing the sex parties they have with lobbyists .
toro loco in farmington is amazing authentic mexican food at a decent price .
they have a place in blue back square in west hartford now that 's good too but it 's much more of a to go area
i compost in my backyard and laugh at everyone buying dirt at home depot 😂
supposedly something will unlock if we hit a certain dollar amount .
the left ca n't handle free speech especially because they ca n't win in a free thinking/speech space .
that 's why they hate joe rogan political compass memes and anything that allows you speak freely .
yeah not everyone is wants to work for the fanciest biggest firm in the world .
some people just wan na make a difference in their own community in a way they want to make a difference .
maybe real estate is big business where you are but if ip makes you happy then go for it
i like the idea of trying to deflect the conversation and rule riddler up .
if this helped anyone else please donate so people like this legend can keep doing what they do
the light travels through light colour skin but it 's absorbed by dark hairs under the surface and when they absorb light they heat up and the heat kills the follicle .
that 's why it 's not recommended for dark skin — it wo n't penetrate to the base of the hair and it can cause burns .
you zap in rows or columns up to you and it does a few square inches at a time .
there will be slightly fewer active follicles each time .
and is bngg atrocious and koaam a good team to take high threat enemies ?
where do you get all the adorable accessories in the shelves ?
not sure why we 're not doubling off of facu dude does n't look like a ball player on offense anymore
would have got it at the book fair with a sick poster of a pt cruiser and some novelty erasers .
fuck no do n't ever disrespect us like this again lmfao
azuma and nagato do n't excel at anything but they for sure have weaknesses .
this user does not have a compass on record .
you can add your compass to your profile by replying with mycompass politicalcompass.org url or sapplyvalues.github.io url .
there may be behind then scene reasons an npc should know things spells etc .
what kinda parents do y'all have that you can tell them ?
there 's no way all those states go red in november though .
career coaching is a real thing but betterup seems to be trying to stretch that definition to include offering support to people with mental health issues like the disabled vets of ig and that 's a problem .
um both people need to match with each other in order to get to the convo .
your post was removed due to the new/inactive user filter .
this is in place due to how large the subreddit is and with that bringing hordes of spam/reposts/advertising etc ...
the filter removes posts from accounts that have less than 2000 karma and that are less than 2 weeks old .
what you need in order to post you need both of these
2000 combined post comment karma award karma does not count .
we do n't care if the app says you have 1900 .
you can get karma by commenting on posts or posting in other subreddits and getting upvotes on either reddit 's version of likes .
directly asking people for upvotes is n't allowed and you will be banned for it .
if you message modmail about this you will be ignored if you do n't understand something then google it or try https www.reddit.com/r/karma/wiki/index/faq .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ksi if you have any questions or concerns .
best advice for you is if you 're going for a degree make sure there 's a job market and growth behind it .
and do n't write off the trades there 's great options there that can lead to high paying jobs .
it was a big hit in my elementary school .
i thought i was the same until i received a mindblowingly good one .
on the one hand there 's something obviously hypocritical about talking about freedom while slavery is your main economic system .
that was true for most of the founders though .
on the other hand jefferson was never an advocate of immediately freeing all of the slaves .
so in that sense he was not a hypocrite because he was never an advocate of the immediate end of slavery just for slavery 's gradual end .
thus he did not immediately free all of his slaves .
shared ammo is less overrated when you have lower income .
it was the way certain jobs got paid back in the 1800s that made having a rifle and pistol in the same chambering so desireable leading to that longstanding argument for lever guns
i hear it 's one of the top fandoms right now
sure sure ... more interesting question for you who do you think could deal with that shitshow ?
at the moment kyrie and kd are the show in bkn and the team has to either a dump nash first or b admit that the roster 's got more looney tunes than sunday morning and ship someone ... pardon let them demand a trade . ''
i realize i forgot option c which is win and compete for the ... '' oh hahahhahhahahhahahahhah who the fuck am i kidding ?
melenia 's fight would definitely be great but the 2 hp bars and hp regen on all her attacks just spoils the fight .
al-bahar offers used pneumatic roller for sale https www.albahar.com/products/new/machines/category/compactors/current/406/459 at affordable price .
contact and get the right used products for your service from cat® .
we are the authorized dealer in uae oman kuwait bahrain and qatar .
i made a moss bonemeal farm and used 5 of its 8 collection hopper to make bonemeal for self sustaining but it still ca n't self sustain and designs by other youtuber can any idea what is wrong with my design and any ways to fix it ?
are there any auto-typers that could work like only in a browser .
for example other auto-typer hijack your pc where you ca n't do anything else really unless in vm or something .
i 'm currently looking for an auto-typer which i can use specifically in a browser like an extension or something else while i am still able to use the rest of my pc .
if anybody knows anything similar i would really appreciate it .
electric and hybrid vehicles have the potential to greatly improve our country 's energy use reduce carbon emissions cut costs for drivers and get more people behind the wheel of environmentally friendly vehicles .
sweden is no stranger to the concept of electric and hybrid vehicles https www.atoallinks.com/2022/the-best-countries-for-electric-and-hybrid-vehicles-catalyst-to-change .
in fact sweden is a trailblazing country for electric vehicles evs .
a northern beaches family is donating their caravan to a flood-affected family in lismore ...
three more days until i make a week and am 1 step closer to being free
would also be willing to give away non-faith related talismans that are n't applicable to any build .
would also take a black knife off your hands if you have no use for it .
i 'm looking to buy one of these boards and am a little bit stuck to be honest .
the consensus is that the qk is the better board but i 'd really like to try a split space bar which only the zoom supports .
i feel that the amount of reviews saying that the qk is better has left me a bit like a deer in headlights as i do n't really want to buy an inferior bird when i have both to pick from .
does this option outweigh the fact that the qk is better ?
i ca n't find where trb 101 is for the grad picture taking location .
the audience wanted a monk subclass that was built around having a pet but with a spirit world vibe to it .
all art was done by the wonderful laceanddoodles on tiktok .
this is 100 a rough draft albeit a cool one .
if you want to participate in our next homebrew build if you want me to review any of your work or if you just want to know when i 'm going live on twitch you should join the discord https discord.gg/pxhv2s3wte
i 'm looking for a new three stack to push for masters this season .
i am a competitive but not toxic player who likes to have fun with the game but do take the game seriously .
having banter would be great and knowing the game and having good game sense is something that would be nice to have with you as teammates .
i am a wraith main not a toxic leave-when-downed one lvl 240 and know a lot about the game rotations etc. but do main octane horizon and maggie as alternatives if and when necessary .
i can play on na or eu servers but i 'm on every night from 9pm aest 12am aest .
hopefully 1-2 other players who are interested can you please drop a comment below or dm me here and i 'll add you .
really focusing on hitting masters so it would be awesome to do it together !
i 'm on xbox series x but if you 've got a ps or pc all g still put your name down if you 're down and we will have in game chat rather than party chat if not on xbox .
'' description '' the mascot of a private freebuild minecraft server\nknown for a carnal attraction to cashmere sofas ''
this milf is horny and on the hunt for young cock 😍
i 'm in a situation where i genuinely do n't know what to do .
in 2018 i was diagnosed as having had a subclinical optic neuropathy at some point in my past .
this led to a positive diagnosis for multiple sclerosis .
in the fall of 2021 i found out the optic neuropathy was not present .
this is damage that does n't heal so if it is n't there now then it never was and the original diagnosis was wrong and the subsequent diagnosis of multiple sclerosis while never completely ruled out becomes exponentially less likely .
i do n't know where to start in describing the impact this has had on my life .
i went into a deep depression and made decisions which have completely upended my entire life my business my family everything .
i had a successful business and was well respected within my industry and now i 'm teetering on bankruptcy .
i sold my house my car and most of my possessions to live in a van and travel the world .
i did all of these things because when i was diagnosed it made me feel like i had been given an expiration date .
i felt like if there was anything i wanted to do in life i needed to do it before my health deteriorated .
i did things which were not in my financial best interest because i did n't think i could wait until retirement due to my health .
my thinking was not how many years i have left '' but instead how many good years do i have left ? ''
finding out the original diagnosis was wrong has been even more devastating than the diagnosis itself because i feel like i threw away everything i ever wanted in life as a result of something that was n't true .
not one area of my life has been spared .
when i think of how my life would be different if not for that diagnosis it makes me physically ill .
it 's gotten to the point where i ca n't function in society as a normal person anymore .
i 'm continuing to spiral out of control and i realize that these are all problems for a therapist and not a lawyer .
i feel weird about exploring legal action because i feel like i should be elated that the diagnosis was wrong .
but it sent me on a path of self destructive behavior that i do n't know if i can ever recover from .
welp i guess the hivemind thinks i 'm exaggerating the emotional toll this has taken on me or they just do n't care .
i hope you never have to go through anything like what i have gone through .
hello all i started playing fut for the first time .
yes i know i discovered this mode really late i was n't interested to play this mode before ... .
i bought a few cheap cards/players to complete the few first games and challenges .
now i logged in today and like 15 out of my 20 players are concept '' cards ?
i can not play a game anymore with 5 players and therefore i can not earn any money i only have 800coins or so ...
how am i supposed to get 11 players a few subs with 800 coins ?
and why was there no warning when i bought these cards ?
after 120 hours of the most incredible sights and experiences i 've ever seen in a video game i finally made it to miquella 's haligtree .
this area could have been an entire game in and of itself !
such high stakes such a wraparound when it comes to world building i 'm just in awe and humbled when i play this game .
i 'm a solo who can only play a few hours a week what server should i play ?
i 've tried 2x monthly and it seemed too slow i tried icefuse 2x and loved it but it 's 4 day wipe cycle any recommendations ?
i tried to move a file but it keeps not accepting the files is there a way to fix this ?
still doing fb ads after ios 14 or totally ditched them for tiktok ads or other organic stuff ?
like i know the results have taken a dip on the platform but is it bad enough for you you to ditch it all together ?
when i was 8 i said i 'll at least live till 11 and i 'm 10 die or not die ?
a little about me first i 'm 22 and from the uk i enjoy music and sports i do n't play that many video games but i enjoy pretty paid back ones .
i 'm 173 cm and 66kg and am pretty athletic i think .
i recently found out that i like being in complete control as a domme i want a sub that 's completely obedient and devoted to me .
my sub would probably need to enjoy humiliation and degradation and definitely needs to be willing to send pictures and maybe videos you do n't need to show your face if you do n't wan na .
you should n't expect anything from me your job is to serve and satisfy me not the other way around
if you think you 're good enough to serve me .
dm me and you might get the privilege but yesterday i made myself plenty of mew slaves so i 'm going to be picky with who gets to serve me .
starting off with a picture or telling me what you liked from my post gives you bonus points
i can spend around 500aud 400usd and want to put speakers around my room and probably a subwoofer as well for good surround sound .
i would mostly use it for music and i 'm in australia if that helps .
just wanted to ask the professionals thanks heaps for any and all advice !
počul som o tom hovoriť veľa ľudí v mojom okolí a zaujímal by ma názor na r slovakia .
podľa mňa by to akurát tak pomohlo smeru lebo pochybujem že by z toho niečo vzišlo .
na druhej strane to mohlo ohroziť slovenských vojakov a dalo by sa to považovať za vlastizradu .
i preorder this game because i 'm a soulsborne fan but at the beginning i have stuttering problems .
when i attack dodge or want to go to other area.. it stutter.. any fixes possible ?
hi 27 here looking for people to chat every now and then .
maybe while doing drawings on discord or whatever mostly looking for people interested to platonic friendship
i was pondering the lore of the empires and i was confused about the state 's politics despite being loyal to the caldari
this is my third time making a activation lock request through the apple site and two of my request have said we are unable to process your request at this time and i called apple customer service about it and they told me to make a third one and see what type of email i 'll get the third time around .
my mom is the owner of the phone and we had to get proof of purchase through where we bought our phone at which is verizon and it shows the documents of the phone and who 's the owner of the phone and serial number basically everything apple wants to see to verify that the phone is ours and not stolen .
this is my third week and i 'm at a wits on what i should do because my activation lock requests keep getting rejected i 'm assuming and we even went to the apple store themselves where they directed us to go to the website and do it from there they verified our receipt to be proof of purchase and assured us that it 's the right documents we needed but if that 's the case why do i keep getting emailed about unavailable at this time and it 's already my third case i open up mind you we made sure to ask apple everything we needed and showed them if it was correct and they assured us i 'm not sure what to do now .
for the past 2 weeks i 've been getting teammates that do n't know what to do in the championship qualifying .
i feel frustrated as if i have only a teammate that i could somewhat depend on .
fyi i 'm not good and can carry a team so do n't reply that i should .
that is why i 'm banking on a tram mate that can help me get a w
i work in a medical office in the us .
my state has historically low reimbursements compared to neighboring states with similar costs of living .
new employees want to earn more which i understand .
then i read about an out-of-state company getting some contract to weasel their way between the state funding and the providers of care and it appears to be universally praised by politicians insurance companies etc .
it is on the backs of providers as they just lowered the reimbursements another 20 right now ... while their ceo will get a bonus for trapping another 500,000 people in a poorly paying plan that no doctor wants to take due to the reimbursements .
patients suffer when no on in town accepts the plan .
i am stuck making exactly what i made in reimbursement from 20 years ago .
i can make more money if i raise some prices but that makes me appear even more unaffordable to those without the plan .
i waste time in the office searching for plan coverage but patients expect me to be an expert on these ever-changing plans .
the info provided by the plans is n't always correct .
a patient the other day did n't have coverage and i wasted 30 minutes because the insurance had spelled her name wrong but she was upset with me !
i do health insurance customer service for free and rarely ends well .
i could go on but i 'll spare you .
my question is how can i successfully drop this whole nonsense and lower my fees to all patients and survive ?
i have no confidence that a jaded american public will believe my prices or that its not some bait-n-switch scam etc .
i feel out-of-network '' is cemented to the idea that the patient is being stuck with a bill they did n't expect .
if i drop your plan you will pay less and i will make more.. how do i get that across to patients ?
i feel it is the very essence of the word futile .
i can be open and honest all day but i can still understand some hesitancy .
people always feel their insurance is so expensive that it must all be covered .
in reality most of these plans just force the providers to work for less and providers are worried about no one showing up .
and to make matters more confusing if i was in another state i 'd have no idea what i was talking about .
i 'd perhaps make 50-100 if only i was in one of 30 other states .
but my dumb license provided by the state that is screwing me is n't transferrable to other states without perhaps tens of thousands of dollars .
i still have student loans after two decades of working .
some of these unreasonable people are making themselves 200,000-300,000 in debt to do a job like i 'm doing right now .
it seems crazy knowing what i know about the realities of health care .
i still remember the doctor i visited in 1998 actually had higher prices than i do right now and it almost makes my head explode .
if you have any insights i will gladly listen .
i want to remove all the horrible baggage and just return to providing care and i feel it has to be worth something .
if you are open for alliances or needing a quartermaster im a requisitions officer looking to help out as well as the leader of the appalachia minutemen group and im looking to lend a hand to more people regardless of faction as we could all work together if you 're fine with that my messages are open
1,200 raffle for this exact knife https www.reddit.com/r/kniferaffle/comments/qrph7p/bbm_v2_one_off_120_10 ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf
auction piece featuring a high polished finish on the handles with galactus '' anodizing which is gorgeous and changes colors with the angle it 's viewed from .
the finish on the blade is a unique oxidized finish with satin tumbled flats .
some light anodizing wear on the show side from putting into the pocket .
action is nice and snappy lockup is solid blade is centered and the knife drops smoothly with very gentle shakes or none at all .
please pay promptly via paypal friends family no notes .
spots held only 10 minutes before moving to waiting list .
if no spot quantity specified with random or waitlist then one spot will be assigned .
call containing only an individual number is assumed requesting that specific spot number .
if called spot is already taken then a random will be assigned unless otherwise specified .
this slot list is created and updated by the edc raffle tool https edc-raffle-tool.firebaseapp.com by blobandhisboy .
i was gon na eat it but it looked like a mix between a ryzen 5700x and a french bulldog
for context here 's a post on the lore of my world https www.reddit.com/r/speculativeevolution/comments/tm80l6/how_should_i_get_around_when_my_alien_birds ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf
essentially all my races find out that humans the ones who started everything and now the bats are the last thing on earth remotely closely related to them .
but for plot reasons i 'm wanting them to be on the verge of extinction and so they make a seeded world for them .
but i need a reasons why bats are on the verge of extinction in the first place help ?
are you kidding with me https preview.redd.it/s3311z5535s81.jpg ? width=236 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=d08ae02c6c32e6cd96e8cbefb545484c78fd061d
so i shaved my head about a month ago .
there 's about an inch or so of growth now .
i 've only worked a few shifts since and wore my friends wig but it kinda has become a hassle so i 'm between buying a new wig which i dont really have extra funds to do right this second or just rocking the shaved head .
i feel confident in my hair just curious if anyone has any experience with this or danced with girls with shaved heads ?
sudden encounter both sides are in character and the battle takes place where thragg fought battle beast .
i 'm trying to set up a low maintenance aquarium and figured having a breeding population of daphnia in there for the fish would be a good place to start .
it has been awhile since i was this interested and excited about the draft .
turns out losing in the 1st round of the playoffs makes for less interesting draft scenarios .
anyways it 's a fun thing about this end of the season ... ..rooting to lose ?
i am thinking about getting the lk67 and just realized it has the 1u buttons on tbe right .
i wanted to try and get some pudding keycaps for it but i 'm not really sure what exactly you 'd search for a keycap set with those in it .
or would it maybe be easier to just get those separately ?
i 've just updated to gnome 42 and oh my god my system was n't this broken since a long time .
the desktop stutters like hell when external monitor is connected to my laptop .
animations are n't as smooth as they used to be .
dark/light mode feature only changes wallpapers and nothing else .
settings app gets bigger each time it 's launched and it frequently crashes .
i think i will discover many more bugs unless i just revert my system to gnome 41 .
i use xorg so maybe that 's the issue but wayland is n't really an option for me because of lack of support for reverse prime .
also if xorg causes problems with new gnome version then why support it in the first place .
as some people have stated in the comments installing xdg-desktop-portal-gnome package fixed dark/light mode feature .
after some more time spent in new gnome i 've noticed that stuttering is n't constant .
it only happens from time to time for a short period of time .
still it breaks the experience so i 'm not content with this .
from reading comments i 'm almost certain it 's related to hybrid graphics but it did n't happen before nor on other desktop environments window managers so i 'm curious what could be the root cause of this .
the apps getting bigger '' issue is still present and applies to some of the updated apps like settings or fragments .
they also tend to occasionally crash when relaunching them .
it 's probably related to the changing size bug .
as far as extensions go none at the moment .
i completely removed them in hope they were the cause of my problems but nothing has changed .
já se foi um tempo e ainda não me acostumei com o reddit isso pq não é uma plataforma que eu use tanto mas vejo que é hora de mudar um pouco isso .
criei uma conta no onlyfans e agora a dedicação é para divulgar para alcançar aquele salto .
na minha vida particular o outro lado do meu eu tem estudado muuuuuito .
today snow melted and rain started so i undressed and went for a walk/swim/shower .
water was brown withfuel oil strains but the taste was normal .
i washed myself and start running aroun the chizhovka singing the soviet anthem .
so i am back home and now will paint my face black put the compass into pants ad jump out of the window to run across and sing soviet anthem again .
i do n't drink smoke use street drugs or take any medicines .
i have recurring episodes of fevers i have a low-grade fever several days of the week .
i can tell i have a higher temperature because i can feel it .
when i go to take my temperature it 's usually about 99.5 f or so .
the last 2 days i 've had a much higher fever around 101-102 f that i have n't been able to bring down yet .
having a really high fever like this makes me feel quite uncomfortable i have a headache from the fever and am going through a cycle of cold sweats hot sweats chills etc .
i do n't have any active illnesses that should give me such a fever no flu covid colds etc .
i do get a lot of infections i have an eye infection right now that i 'm getting over and i also get ear infections a lot .
i have a whole bottle of baby shampoo just for how often my eyes get infected ...
i did go to a doctor a few months back they told me that my alt liver enzyme was mildly elevated they did a redraw of it and it was still elevated so they told me not to take any nsaids .
but since then my fevers have gotten a lot worse and also very frequent .
i feel like it is important to bring down my fever especially when it is 102 or so like today and yesterday although i took 1000mg of acetaminophen yesterday and it did not lower my temp .
my fevers make me really uncomfortable and although i do n't take acetaminophen every time i have one at least once a week i have a fever where i am so uncomfortable that i have to .
when i went to that doctor they said they were going to refer me to get an abdominal ultrasound since i also have bad abdominal pain .
that was 2 months ago they sent me to one place where the provider refused to do it .
after that they referred me to another place where i made an appointment waited 2 weeks got several confirmation texts and calls only for them to cancel my ultrasound the day of 2 hours before because nobody was there to do it .
the third place i was supposed to call did n't even get a referral from my doctor at all .
i 'm really exhausted i do n't know what to do i do n't feel like i 'm being taken seriously and i keep getting sicker .
doctors keep saying that since i 'm young i should be fine and it 's nothing serious .
i have horrible fevers and i 'm hurting a lot .
it 's more a rhetorical question i 'm using to vent .
i hope it 's okay for me to post here .
not butch but i 've been questioning my identity and trying to explore both masculine and queer expression so lurking this subreddit has been confidence boosting .
anyways i went to a barbershop today that does great work .
it also says men 's grooming '' in the title so hopefully they assume anyone making an appointment wants a masculine cut .
i went in wearing all men 's clothing with short hair and then i go to the stylist .
she first tells me my shirt is pretty which i know is nice but it 's also odd that people never use words like handsome '' or sharp '' for me .
she calls me girlie '' girlfriend '' and miss '' around every other sentence .
she references my hair as a pixie cut '' at one point even though half my head is shaved to a 2 and my reference images were all of men .
the thing that really bugged me though was when her and another stylist were talking about ways i could style my hair and she said i could braid it or put a cute barrette in it ? ? ?
i probably would look nice with a barrette as would most people but why would she suggest it when i 'm an adult in a barbershop ?
how many of her male clients is she suggesting put barrettes in their hair ?
at that point i did stop and say that i still want it to look masculine '' which made them give me weird looks .
my hair still looks nice and masculine now so i still want to go to this place .
but god i wish people could just pretend i 'm a dude or something .
is there a way to get people to avoid feminizing language or do i just have to deal with it ?
reading this i do feel like i 'm overreacting .
but also there 's probably clients who would find that all dysphoria inducing .
i hope we see more of that take-no-shit threatening stede that we briefly saw in ep 10 .
i want him to grow a little beard get a kraken tattoo and commandeer another ship by kicking ass and drinking tea .
when he and blackbeard finally reunite it will be as respected pirates and true peers .
by a grimoire i mean a book of magic in glorifying and trying to call upon the abrahamic god
i am thinking about doing emdr as i have c-ptsd .
i 'm nervous but feel like this is the only thing that will get me un-stuck .
i think i started a bit late about 1 week after the collab started .
i got plenty of restaurants and walking trails on my list from my own meandering around looking to diversify my list of stuff to do .
if it helps i 'm a late 20s male living on my own .
some other things that come to mind are bel mateo bowl and the century 12 theater .
for starters are there any good comedy clubs around ?
i like the idea of having a meal and some laughs with various performers i 'd probably be a regular customer .
making this post for my girlfriend who is graduating this year since she does n't have reddit .
she has a large family so the couple free tickets she was given is n't enough for everyone .
if anyone has extra tickets they 're willing to sell or give away please lmk !
i do n't what cause it already check the load order and clean up the main plugins .
unhandled native exception occurred at 0x7ff77355ddda skyrimse.exe+d6ddda on thread 8660 !
i 'm a very new homemaker/companion and need some ideas on fun things i can do with an 85 year old lady .
she 's very sad and lonely so in addition to things we can do together i also want some ideas on stuff she can do when i 'm gone like getting audiobooks and cds .
her sight is also going so crafts are kind of out .
gói u1500 vinaphone có nội dung rất hấp dẫn nhưng đây lại là gói cước áp dụng cho thuê bao ezcom do đó nếu quý khách đang sử dụng sim di động thì không thể tham gia gói cước này thành công .
quý khách nếu đang có nhu cầu lướt web thường xuyên trên sim di động thì có thể tham khảo đăng ký các gói 4g vinaphone có nội dung hấp dẫn dưới đây
this is my previous post should i accept underground mining offer ?
now i have a decent company with a good position i 'm interested in wanting me in a 12-month co-op .
the role is on the material testing and r d side which is what i like .
it 's not one of the famous or huge companies but it 's a division of a 5000 people multi country company .
and the small local mining company adjusted the offer to fit my co-op requirement they said i can work in the metallurgy lab for 4 months .
so if i choose the 12 month opportunity i lose all future trial opportunities as i only have 12 months in total of co-op period .
if i choose the 4-month metallurgy although it 's not what i 'm most interested in i will get another chance next year to apply to the leading companies .
i personally lean towards the 12-month co-op but most people prefer shorter ones to try different companies and i think that 's very wise .
i miss the tags so much we had a regular busy friday shift and everything went wrong so many customers got the wrong orders and shit .
while i have my reservations about the pricing models of current fighting games this alone is not the reason the genre plateaus on growth .
as it stands currently the vast majority of fighting games are designed in a way that only appeals to people who already have a strong interest in the genre and does very little to entice new players to continue playing .
if your goal is to appeal exclusively to your established fanbase then that 's cool but do not expect growth from this .
if you want new people to come and stick around you have to appeal to the their sensibilities and all these outsiders want is to be entertained .
in my opinion this begins and ends with making proper tutorials that not only teach prospecting players about the games but also shows off what these games have to offer in a fun an engaging way .
you do n't need to simplify your game 's mechanics or remove motion inputs or anything like that .
all you need to do is show newer players why playing fighting games is the shit .
show them why combos and gatlings and 1 frame links are cool .
if all you do is throw new players into a mechanical pool and go sink or swim '' with the bare minimum of guidance you ca n't act surprised when most of them choose to climb out and never talk to you again .
if this game was made by anyone other than fromsoftware it would be torn asunder
i remember reading the exact same thing about zelda botw
some people seem to have trouble accepting people can enjoy the things they do n't
customer service is n't bad but not the best .
got to me in hand in 2 weeks when i ordered ... .
oh my god yes writing on the converse with sharpies what a time to be alive haha
accidentally putting in the amount the were thinking about betting rather than calling .
just casually ask is that a call or a raise ? ''
tada you 've now revealed no information and it 's back on him where he can accidentally reveal information .
usually it 's people without a ton of hours live that get more flustered with things like that .
the easy answer in most every situation is directly ask for clarification in phrasing that does n't say anything except the information you need .
the fa t that guadalajara is n't on the list is awesome .
that 's quite interesting maybe they learned to cook without any splatter or have blockers or something ?
i thought about that like what if they made easy setup splatter shields that you can take down .
just never got around to looking it up but this conversation made me think of it again .
robopine did all of me which peacock did in season 1 .
i do n't know shit about animals but what i meant was is it part of the cat family
if you want to use it as a midi drum i suggest you 'd better not buy it .
it only has a midi output not usb and you need to buy a midi-to-usb cable to connect it with your computer .
i 've tried three cables from £8-£20 but none of them are well functioning .
finally i ended up with a roland midi-to-usb cable which cost me more than £40 .
further more all the cymbals are single-zone which means that using one cymbal pad you can only input a midi signal for either the sound of edge or the sound of bow .
try looking on facebook marketplace or gumtree asking around from friends or family or going to thrift stores and flea markets .
i 've seen a working 3ds for 40 at a market before and have snagged a ds lite with a few games for 35 .
you should be proud that you chose to come out of a vagina in australia !
pretty regularly i have seen 1,000 word blogs priced at 1 or 2 .
i 'll be home in 3-ish hours and translate what i can find it 'll be difficult on my phone d
your comment summarizes very well what the hell is happening there .
well the app is a hype a total b.s slow buggy and an sh*t ui
i do n't think so but they sure get paid to post them .
takes less than 5k sales to get to number 1 in australia
it 's 3 hours before posting and also have n't been to bed yet maybe just watch both episodes and post in the morning .
my fansubs did n't mention oil and while i had wondered where they would get oil on a flooded earth i did n't realize they were recycling plastic into anything other than plastic .
they have bread and liquor but their only protein is dried frog and farmed rat ?
just tell him you want to go to industria .
you 'll probably be a slave but you 'll get there .
well i 'm pretty sure conan is industructible anyways .
child beatings are pretty standard for 17th-18th century style shipping .
ca n't really have a liberal policy with freeloaders in a situation where entire ships are lost .
nope ca n't sit through two episodes of this in a row .
it feels slow but the pacing is not actually that bad .
i took a bunch of shots of watame https www.reddit.com/r/hololive/comments/mjvld1/the_loveliest_sheep .
it was ar like 3rd fes and the quality was exceptionally high .
you ca n't tell from stills but it was amazingly smooth .
i have made spotify playlists for my individual sims personalities .
we 're both random groups of mates that had to work together to stop griefs and help subnautica
i go mostly for people who conquered vast amounts of land so he was bound to show up there .
i have had coworkers who had to leave work because they were traumatized ' by fairly mundane stressors .
the end result is people who suffer more real ?
trauma are taken less serious if they do n't say what the trauma is .
ive had several shirts printed with those for years .
as long as it is cured properly itll withstand many many washes .
im not a fucking scientist dude and i dont study this stuff .
why am i not allowed to question things and talk to people about it ?
im not even 100 percent sure i do belive it i identify as an atheist .
the greens need to continue advocating for emissions reductions and working with whichever government is in power to drive the resolution of these issues in a collaborative constructive pragmatic manner .
scoring political points by attempting to get another party commit to a 75 reduction in 7.5 years makes me trust them even less .
their apparent plan to replace coal export revenue with tax revenue from a tax the rich policy also strikes me as cynical and extremely unlikely to eventuate .
their input is valuable but there is a snowball 's chance in hell that i would ever advocate giving them the reins of our government .
for me andrew reynolds kickflip in stay gold '' is the most memorable .
thanks for telling this 90 criteria i did n't knew this 😱😱
i have got 82 in term 1 and jee prep is shit 10 only
will do term 2 upto jee level then term 1 then heavy weightage topics
if you are over 30 you can post to r/datingoverthirty for dating issues or to r/relationshipsover35 to discuss relationships you are in .
you can also post about dating and relationship issues in these places https www.reddit.com/r/askmenover30/comments/abvzf7/please_post_dating_and_relationship_posts .
the moderators will read your post to see if it has been incorrectly filtered .
if you do not see your post published within 48 hours the moderators have decided to not publish it .
notifying the mods before they have had a chance to read your post will result in your post being removed
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askmenover30 if you have any questions or concerns .
for a first bike in a city i would get something that you do n't mind dropping/repairing unless you have an unlimited budget for repairs or comprehensive+collision insurance which is also much more expensive for bikes .
i 'd get a used naked bike that 's 5-8 years old but with a decent maintenance history .
preferably from a retired engineer or doctor who does n't have time/the health to ride any more .
i agree but i feel like we 're seeing too little ported games .
i 'm a fan or rockstar titles ported to mobile .
and it is safe to say that it was n't that hard to pull off since the porting was not done by a main branch rockstar dev team rather the same grove street games '' company who failed to release remastered versions of older gta games on pc recently .
this tells me that old games up to the year 2010 are easy to port over since a relatively poorly skilled developer managed to do so
tell me you watch fox news without telling me you watch fox news .
came to recommend happily ever after but i see you 've beat me to it !
i wish there were some more light hearted comedy romance ones like this !
thing is for the vast majority of gamers the steam launch is the first time they hear about the game .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ladybonersgw if you have any questions or concerns .
odysseus spooked me on oberon and only recently decided to level him up lol
a little concerning that there are 2 for what to eat when you throw up '' 😆
yes some of the interpretations of saamna by members here wr so accurate .
also on one or two occasions i felt pratik 's eyes wr welling up..
it 's mainly people in bot lobbies singing the praises of no build .
nah u‘re wrong the ends are indeed like the originals😂
maybe not as well made as apple but i can‘t compare them to check
in this galaxy the sea of souls have n't been turned into the warp no war in heaven but some effect 's can be piercing thru and effecting first humans and then others .
well yeah i never said he is n't great i know he can be tough and ruthless i just think in this fight he would n't be .
kanoh breaks his wrists trying to imitate koei style .
slow down a bit everyone yes she is going about it all wrong but she 's not crazy .
she 's feeling alone scared and reaching out or even flailing about .
what would you do if this was your male friend ?
if your friends with her the last thing you should do is run firmly with barriers be her friend .
hep her get back in touch with her family to support her and figure out next steps .
help her transition the school stuff to whatever that 's going to look like .
i would expect her to get out asap and let my hoi handle the issue .
i live every day with invasive thoughts about killing people who did things like this and worse to me .
again you 're talking only about your own experiences .
there 's no evidence that op has done worse to his sister .
your experience is not universal and it does n't give you the right to act so aggressively .
you 're comparing op to your abusers then talking about violence against them .
for everyone 's sake you should probably hide and mute this post .
what is the exact name of the third watch in the second row ?
i know it 's an omega aqua terra but which one exactly ?
personally i like to do my shoving behind closed doors in the company of other gay men or in sanctioned spaces with other consenting males .
maybe they 're trying some sort of reverse logic to get in on it ?
dude makes cooking videos that are actually worth a shit .
no seriously i 've made recipies from this guys vids that actually work !
as for him slighting fast food workers if you actually think this grass is outside pls touch !
if anything encouraging others to actually cook fast food for cheap reduces incentive to buy from fast food chains hurting their profitability .
y'know the same fast food chains notorious for unethical practices ?
i 'm not sure jada would actually need any support .
if you want to make an argument that the other people she fucks should n't be her kids ' friends i 'm open to that .
in teoria potresti farti con un minimo di fai da te una superficie umida dove scorre dell'acqua maggiore è la superficie e meglio è ricordo una volta un progetto fatto praticamente con dei pannelli alveolari di cartone l'acqua scorre e lo scambio di calore aiuta ad abbassare la temperatura in pratica .
studies suggest that people who eat 1 ounce 30 grams of sunflower seeds daily as part of a healthy diet may reduce fasting blood sugar by about 10 within six months compared to a healthy diet alone .
the blood-sugar-lowering effect of sunflower seeds may partially be due to the plant compound chlorogenic acid
tho your comment is an interesting example of the narcist 's prayer '' that 's not a thing and if it was it was justified and whatabout those obscure japanese nordic and muslim cults from the 90s ? !
specifically because the former religion meshes with their beliefs so much better than the latter
just because some neo-nazi groups are neo-paganists does not mean that all neo-pagans are neo-nazis as pagan means nothing except not christian '' .
while christian '' means being christian and as such ascribing to a certain minimum number of beliefs shared with other christians mostly about the character of christ .
in contrast one pagan can believe and worship nordic gods while another pagan could follow completely different beliefs from africa they share nothing except for not being christian and practicing religions that predate christianity .
just like it was n't pagans that crusaded their way through europe slaughtering jews for practicing pagan beliefs it was christians who did that .
the underlying logic that a lot of people are working to is that a lot of these employers are struggling to fill positions because they 're offering crap pay .
if you subscribe to that logic the article sounds a lot like we were struggling with staffing because we pay peanuts but as luck would have it circumstances have delivered a bunch of ladies who are grateful for peanuts . ''
that 's the part that people have a problem with not that these ladies should n't be working or do n't deserve to be working but that their misfortune is being used as an alternative to well do n't pay peanuts then '' .
in reality there 's going to be language barriers travel barriers public transport is not clifden 's best attribute and they probably do n't get a lot of choice in where they 're housed .
so they will depend on the good grace of the local community to get a good start and the article sounds less like good grace and more like yay cheap labour just in time for the summer '' .
yeah she 's a little obnoxious but gets the point across .
yeah they definitely have to go through ln 14 .
i do n't think there 's enough content in just volume 12 alone to warrant a full season .
interesting i guess i never really thought how taxonomy was determined .
if it 's not determined by overall lineage than i guess fair enough
although that logic in ancestory does n't work for mammals .
reptile ancestory and mammal ancestory are the splits from amniotes
take it slow i got burnt out after 1.4k hours after realising that this game boils down to making something in foundry going to saturn deffence to lv it up to 30 either putting forma on it or taking another thing out of the foundry and repeating the same process over and over again .
the content is scarce so enjoy it while it lasts
take this down before the devs see it and patch it out too 😭🤣🤣
oh hell no the in lore pyro abyss lector the king of cool .
you got ta be joking with me right now .
no one thinks they drew the sketch from from the pic .
more glamour is more glamour and i 'm glad for it .
specially when reaper and sage are right now a bit hungry for options compared to any other job .
it 's always the women with the ugliest boyfriends who are looking for a third
honestly this is like those poem posts early on in this war .
no one cares about some random person 's poem about how they feel about the war .
based on nothing but age no it 's not weird .
my high school sweetheart and i were two years apart .
we started dating at 16 and 18 so naturally 2 years later when we were still together i was 18 and he was 20 .
even had we met at 18 and 20 why would it be weird ?
that 's only a two year difference and neither of the parties are minors at that point .
okay sure hesitate but 18 and 20 21 22 etc .
i usually will go 7 years younger or older than me .
left one looks more angry but the right one looks depressed 🥺
i 'm learning the language to speak with my family .
we want to travel in canada and europe with ease .
also to piss off my family and speak a second language with my wife in front of them .
that 's not all the testers just all the external contractors that are no longer external
this is the single best scene in the whole series
in the case of this post it is otherwise the look of confusion by team usa would n't be mistake as fear by op .
i was only on fin for a month and a half but i definitely could see a difference in my hair and i had new growth .
i switched to dut so i could take it less often because these meds cause swelling for me .
nah that 's a pretty valid reason just it 's cringe when ppl try to flaunt it like haa 50k ka phone liya but kya ukhaad liya ?
do n't unless you have to ... . people need to stop trying to be unique with names cuz it just gets really confusing
i suppose that means minimum wage has a ppp equivalent of maybe 8 per day which is n't as bad .
that still means a house with 4 young kids and one breadwinner on minimum wage is hitting the edges of extreme poverty though .
i 'm mostly amazed at how low the threshold is for extreme poverty vs .
unadjusted for ppp it 's like 0.50 per day .
i 'm curious why you are carrying the twin tarp until rawlins and then switching to a tent is a high route tent fly a whole tent ?
i 'm asking because i 'm bringing a twin tarp and i 'm curious why you think it 's not good after rawlins .
they walked out of the infirmary and to the quiet corner .
this guy is terrible at public speaking at least have a planned speech so you do n't ramble like a moron .
pvevp again tied into the lore and role playing .
just make sure there are quiet places in it so player not interested into pvp can have their coop .
i personally doubt a game heavy on pvp meta only would be fun .
that 's what they 're good at killing local brown people .
she belittled the person he literally has the same exact dna as
this wo n't exactly answer your question or alleviate your fears but here is some additional information for you see here https help.doordash.com/merchants/s/article/marketplace-facilitator-faq ? language=en_us
a sidenote if you ever have to scan a barcode at a merchant that helps with the tax between the merchant and dd .
yea paste job on these machines are n't that great !
i had to close out the game because the galaxy map does n't work there .
eventually the map stoped loading and i kept falling to my death for all eternity .
you 've got to be ambitious when it comes to property .
no ... one of those things can cause actual permanent damage to their bodies and thus mental emotional wellbeing .
student loans can be paid back if you have gainful employment which is why you attend college .
i know nutting is a cheap bastard but i hope the pirates can start putting something together and try and lock some of these guys up .
with hayes and cruz that 's a real exciting pair of young guys to build around .
if they can sign reynolds to a reasonable deal it feels like that 's a hell of a foundation for the next good pirates team .
this but i 'd also add op needs to be aware him or herself as well because just as much as the other person needs to be made to feel comfortable op needs to be sure the other person is n't a risk either .
you are getting true look at the soul of your husband .
just put my vpn on new zealand and listening on the youtube app .
honestly while she 's easily the hardest shardbearer in the game imo she is far less difficult than people like to say she is .
what she does is heavily punish using the wrong '' build and playing the wrong '' way .
she 's a pretty inflexible boss but she 's both cheeseable and predictable even if she is difficult .
you either get real good at dodging or you stagger her endlessly swarm of flies is especially good against her and very safe to spam during her grab .
still took me 10 tries with a build that took no more than 3 or 4 for literally every other boss .
it 's so sad that everyone is just forgetting about them 😫
amber jewelery from gdańsk as someone already suggested is a great idea its very local gdańsk is kinda famous from having kots of those .
your kids are quite young so maybe get them a figure made of amber .
also you can get some food specialities with long shelf life
maybe an avatar who has two sides the good and the bad or something like that
there 's a r/totallyrealtweets watermark on the top right .
you should n't go around making claims like that .
i 'm not defending this clown but it 's generally not good to say stuff on the internet is real just because you want it to be .
... . she probably did n't make it far in nursing school if she thought this .
thank you so much for posting on one of the footsie subreddits !
we have an amazing discord server full of models and admirers .
we have a lot of fun and urge everyone to come join the friendliest community where we share everything from feet to pets !
as a model you can get verified here too .
we automatically post all of the top posts on feetpics over on our twitter .
go follow us to get only the best pics posted each day .
if you are in one of the pics feel free to post your link underneath !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feetloversheaven if you have any questions or concerns .
the first jersey the mavericks retired was brad davis .
davis has also worked for the team in some capacity all 42 years of its existence .
currently on the radio broadcast and might be a player development coach too .
also the mavs retired kobe 's 24 number though he never played for them .
in my experience i ordered a 14.5 and a 12 at the same time .
the 14.5 came fairly quickly a month but the 12 took something like 9-10 months .
i did order when they were slammed and i think they 're more caught up now .
in any event it was well worth the wait for me .
reminder press the report button https reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360058309512-how-do-i-report-a-post-or-comment if you see any rule-breaking comments or posts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/britishproblems if you have any questions or concerns .
we 're in the final development stages on a dedicated scc website .
god this hits to close to home op shut up and take my updoot
aside from the bomber literally riding the bomb on its way down the mein fuehrer i can walk ! ''
it 's not the most over the top but there are very over the top elements .
my principles and logic told me to knock her out but the morals instilled to me as a child overwhelmed me and i just took it .
i would 've loved a top5 4 if they did the ball and then cut to lsftc .
but like with this format having all 5 do individual performances and then a lsftc would 've been too much imo
does n't like tribalism proceeds to hit out with a sectarian slur .
bruh you just said the ottomans were too poor to kill armenians that does n't mean anything .
what do you say about the tehcir law https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/temporary_law_of_deportation which was a law signed to deport armenians in a systemic matter ?
i thought you were too busy fighting to deal with us ?
that would probably be acceptable since transgender people and muslims have equal power in society given their relatively small population sizes .
although i still do n't think people should make choices based on religious doctrine .
we 're really excited that you posted but it had to be removed because it violated rule 2 our rules are what keep lbgw one of the top-visited nsfw sites on reddit so we need to ensure that our hot post providers always follow them .
here is a good way to make sure you are following the rules
rule 2 means that all posts must contain at least 1/2 to 2/3rds of your face .
we must clearly be able to see some of your features !
full eyes and nose full nose and mouth full eyes and mouth .
this means that we do not allow text-only posts .
all posts must contain at least one image which fulfills rule two .
click on the link below for examples that are good
and if you 're really interested you can read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/ladybonersgw/comments/grxt0i/updated_clarified_rules_now_with_picture_examples as well !
i had n't thought about the connection with the russ mvp year .
..but i still think the media gives jokic the mvp .
i think joel and giannis are both more deserving tho .
beer is liquid bread and has no place in a ketogenic diet .
can you provide a source on your claim that the heart needs 130 grams/day of carbs ?
the brain needs a small amount of glucose but it 's less than your body can make through gluconeogenesis and there is zero need to consume sugar in your diet .
here 's hoping for moonveil and status nerfs along side these exploits .
do you live in the mountains or somewhere where it snows and freezes a lot ?
i do n't see that type of stuff where i live but there are no mountains around me and it may snow up to once a year .
the worst roads around here are dirt roads made out of clay and dirt and after it rains a lot they basically turn into quicksand .
if you 're not careful you can get stuck really fast .
i got this message too but because of bad matchmaking .
teammates who are afk laggy quit after being killed 3 in a row after leaving spawn headless chicken running .
i tend to give that one a pass because twins with similar names is very common in fiction but maki and inumaki bring different people really got me when i first started the series .
the person you 're arguing with is a diehard zach fangirl and demar hater dont even bother
being a wisconsin person we have cheese and basically all of our dishes so that it 's hard for me that says cheese ruins food
if you think of affection from cats as either greetings and conversation or vulnerable affection most cats are comfortable with the former in groups and with new people but as to the latter cats are n't big on public displays of affection .
cozy times comfortable and curious vs relaxed and feeling safe all play into them being in the room vs really snuggling up .
i bought that same dog bed on amazon but ca n't convince my dog to lay on it .
people who ran masteron and primo in same cycle how was it ?
i 've only lived here 22 years long enough to know that 3rd street does n't run through hunters point .
coming from a vw gti with a 2.0t i found myself adjusting to the cvt but coming to really like it .
the lack of turbo did not concern me you 'll get wherever you 're going and it will be a blast .
the cvt is pretty awesome too no waiting for shifts as you crest a mountain like you would in a conventional transmission .
like others have mentioned too that turbo is gon na necessitate premium fuel .
it feels great getting the efficiency while paying for regular gas .
i leveled up to 200 cause i thought i 'd have my pvp character up and running by now been lazy as hell .
i see all you ugly people using bull goat armor instead of fashionring
not to poop on the parade but that seems counter productive with a potential stock split coming up .
i would love to kiss love and rub you all over .
is there a sure way to get a refund if its shit ?
i worked as emt and fireman for a large part of my life and not once did we wait for anyone to bring a key .
not even if they would have been 1min away .
so any form of emergency '' reason is bullshit .
only thing id think about as emergency for maitnanve guys if there is a bist waterpipe and downstairs neighbours are getting soaked and similar .
its going to end up being the teja defence when payal gets out ‘everyone is jealous of a strong empowered woman '
op literally admitted the only issue was he was taking rebecca 's things without permission
i think we forget just how bad cis people are at clocking trans people
and the potential for being wrong and accidentally telling a cis woman that she looks like a trans woman has much worse consequences in these people 's eyes
dude i 've seen a bunch of weird shit about ohio in the last 5 years and everyone needs to go watch the yogurt episode of love death and robots .
this is all stuff that 's been on the community wish list since day one .
klay has not been all star level at all since he 's been back and it 's starting to look like he wo n't reach there again .
i do n't think la would do this at all
i 'm not sure if you 're serious or that 's a compliment but thank you for your service !
what is gme and why should you consider investing ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/qig65g/welcome_rall_looking_to_catch_up_on_the_gme_saga what is drs and why should you care ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/ptvaka/when_you_wish_upon_a_star_a_complete_guide_to low karma but still want to feed the drs bot ?
please help us determine if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk .
learn more about this bot and why we are using it here https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/poa6zy/introducing_uqualityvote_bot_a_democratic_tool_to
if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk upvote this comment !
if this post should not be here or or is a repost downvote this comment !
i hope this is n't the case for strathcona ... edmonton you can keep your mosquitos .
must just be taking a while to process the transaction .
i 've had transactions after it already be rewarded to me .
do you know if the price of the reward is based on the date of purchase or date of reward ?
yes i would hold them and then can you titty fuck me please 🤩👍
holy shit how have i never thought of this before
i 'm quite sure if you inspect their boarder members share acct nobody get their share reduced while benefits from the share price increase .
that 's how they make billions at the cost of the retailers
yeah looks like people started mailing in some of their opinions .
here 's a base cvt in mgm https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=gckrdowvr-u from the dc auto show .
okay can anyone please explain what the obvious '' thing is which i do n't get ?
okay there is a huge age gap and she wants to be treated by him like her father did .
i have the same kink so i would like to know what 's wrong except the age gap
same thing happened when i tried to name a character therapist .
a friend recommended me sabaton and it just escalated from there .
our head of state is essentially a tourist attraction and we sell merch of her and her family .
why are the women on these apps pretty screwed up
the why is due to a myriad of things .
but there is a loud minority of damaged broken women who gravitate to dating apps .
which is the 3rd highest on that table is that a failure ?
she is really out here dumping used needles on the ground for social media .
i usually push towards whatever lane needs my help most for cases like you mentioned both have prio i typically choose the outer lane as that gives less opportunity for escape to the victim .
normally i need to go through mid most often so it makes up for it if that makes sense
those notes are exactly what i wanted thank you for actually trying to help instead of being a condescending gatekeeping asshole like most of the other replies .
i do n't think she single-handedly managed this without help .
you 're somebody who 's eyes follows the words on the page exclaims at the book club i read it ! and then offers cowshit even the author says is an outright wrong interpretation .
meanwhile you 've got people who understand it better just from watching the movie 's trailer .
need to get it working in my short tactile turn side click .
i thought the guys had a pretty good take on the ducks situation after the pearl clutching on 32 thoughts .
i really enjoy that podcast too but i think the perspective of pros adds a lot when analyzing situations like this
i do n't think it has anything to do with the myth but it looks sick af
latest intelligence reports from ukraine the us and the uk say that russia is regrouping to attack again !
in preparation for this we strongly need your help !
they plan to come full force at kharkiv now it 's their main target .
it is predicted that the next battle will be the most gruesome and brutal by far filled with many horrors !
the hospitallers our front-line medic volunteers and doctors need every piece of precious protection they may get .
these brave souls have set up a campaign to raise money to buy every member a proper ballistic helmet and life-saving protective equipment !
with your help we can win this battle and push russia back !
given our numbers even donating 1.00 will make the difference !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ukraine if you have any questions or concerns .
he had a physical last month bc we found out he has sleep apnea .
not unless he was shagging balls while riding his motorcycle .
does honey even for sure extract the psychoactive compounds like the acid from lemon juice ?
the only thing i could think of working would be grinding them into a powder and mixing them evenly throughout the honey .
but it 'd be ready to eat immediately waiting any amount of time is n't gon na do anything i do n't think .
it is n't like a long term lemon tekk or anything .
it 's not gon na get stronger over time .
not about preventing the appearance of the area from being damaged ?
just wait until the x-men get introduced and they get really into being polyamorous and other general fetishes .
abel and hoyeon have amazing on screen chemistry and it looks like it was a blast to shoot .
it kinda feels like a classy kiss land vibe with the lighting and cityscape .
imo this vid feels less connected to the storyline than the other dawn fm videos but i still thought it was great .
overall very cute video and i smiled the whole way through it
gorgeous 🦋 and beautiful smile i would love to slake my thirst by making you squirt in my mouth 4-5 times !
he needs to run a 3 mile walk is just a mosey around the neighborhood .
this reminds me a lot of a guy from this same subreddit whose party kicked him just because they did n't say hello holy shit
that is one now there is another game that has the murasama the one in terraria 's calamity mod is a reference to it
lol ... .reminds me of the mary poppins song kinda ... .feed the birds tuppens a bag !
if you were wondering why you fell so quickly it was the bots that were on your flag did n't know they were placing white lol
the only thing stopping you from putting 1000kgs of oxygen in every tile is that vents ogerpressurize .
but if you put like 20 grams of water over a vent it 'll stop the vent from overpressurizing .
this is because different materials ca n't occupy the same spot so the vent will always check the tile it 's on and report back tile is not overpressurized releasing gas .
the gas having nowhere to go will go up into the infinite storage .
the same thing works with water but you have to use airflow tiles since those do n't take pressure damage for some reason .
txt dropped their logo change https youtu.be/wyeicdjwvqs earlier and of course people started theorizing what the comeback may look/sound like .
a lot of people said it 'll be rock again but i really think that 's absolutely untrue .
none of txt 's logos have ever been a hint into what the title track will sound like or even what the concept will be .
i do think it 'll be darker but i think the song+concept combo could be something like red velvet 's peek-a-boo https youtu.be/6ujf2it2zh8 where it 's a brighter sounding song with a horror/dark concept .
txt 's mma outro stage https youtu.be/ovv04xocfp8 that spoiled the album name thursday 's child is definitely dark but their creative director posted a screen shot of the 1992 movie toys that has a sort of plastic childlike set design which could provide an unsettling background for a horror concept using dolls/marionettes but just bc the concept is horror does n't mean the song will be pop punk again especially since txt has said many times it 's going to different than what they 've done before .
anyway i 'm really excited for this comeback it 's been 9 months !
i know txt is going to deliver regardless so i 'm not too worried .
everyone make sure to look out for ‘minisode 2 thursday 's child ' on may 9th !
does anyone have a map of interstate 95 in florida all the counties it goes through ?
if you know of one could you please link it in the comments ?
what tools should i get for new construction commercial plumbing i already have quit a few just wanting to know what i should get that would make doing some of the jobs a lot easier .
mao ra ni nga cdo-centric nga sub nga akong nakita so diri na lang ko nangutana heheheh
hi there i just wanted to be able to control my macbook and run sleep commands and if possible keyboard shortcuts/combinations when it 's on the network and have that integrated with in homekit .
i have homebridge in my set up so i 'm assuming i will have to use that ?
homebridge unfortunately is not running on the mac in question however .
i have it running on a separate mac mini .
i 'll preface by pointing out the author released this for free on twitter and the link is still working .
the premise is a father and son discover corpses buried in their garden that are exact duplicates of their family .
as the corpses begin to decay so do they .
if the cover puts you off or if you 're squeamish about anything to do with maggots or decomposition it 's not for you .
to get an idea the simpsons plays a fairly big role in the book .
if you 're familiar with booth 's we need to do something there 's also a scene where the characters go on about how much the film sucks which got a chuckle out of me .
it 's worth a read and since it 's free you might as well give it a shot .
im federico from argentina 20 yo and i can help you improve your spanish my goal is to speak english fluently have fun and hopefully make friends in the process .
we can talk about every day things hobbies etc .
im really passionate about cars tech and self development .
i wish you could buy different looking mailboxs to add more variety to our houses .
basically i got a crappy 208 in 1 thing and i 'm trying to run an english patch of ultimate jump stars and a definitive edition hack of castlevania dos but both of them open to a white screen when i boot them up .
every other game works fine i read somewhere that it might be because of the crappy included sd card is that true ?
also i tested both roms in an emulator and they worked as intended
i have loved nba 2k22 's myteam since day 1 and it 's been great the entire year but i hope they fix this one problem that will make cards more valuable and will make the game a lot better early on .
i personally think that pink diamonds should not release until at least after christmas by that time the christmas players who get nba 2k then can come in and catch up !
in my head combined with what they have done this year this is how i would do it .
from september november the absolute highest tier should be amythest and there should n't be a whole lot of them .
mid to late november they should introduced a diamond player but make it the player of the month agenda reward to bring in the new tier then a couple of days later drop a couple of premium cards at the diamond tier .
christmas time should be pink diamond time then after new years or around march madness they should release the opals but again not too many at 1st .
other than them pushing out those type of cards too early 2k22 gets a solid 9/10 for myteam this year .
i 'm trying to get a homebrew game of darkest dungeon going with 4 friends only one of whom has played the game and i want to try and stay true to the games classes via while also not stifling the base 5e classes where i have them subclass into dd 's equivalent class but level up via the 5e tables .
paladin to crusader bard to jester rogue to bounty hunter you get the idea .
i 'm bringing them in at level 12 but i also feel that the spells available at those levels far exceed anything that the dd classes should attain .
do i restrict their available spells to remain more true to the original content ?
just wondering will standard size struts and shocks fit my truck .
i have the matching set of the gwendy peterson trilogy by both authors stephen king and richard chizmar my favorite was gwendy 's final task but the first story gwendy 's button box was a wonderful packed novella and i got both the paperback and hardcover of that book too !
i read all three and think the story was worth a read and i suggest you go check this out it has a few surprises for fans out there .
looking for a male porn star with a tattoo that says rip gramma '' .
a friend saw a video with him but ca n't remember the name of that video or the actor .
hey guys i built a new pc a few months ago specs below and looking to get a second monitor .
i currently have an lg 27gl850 1440 144hz monitor .
i am torn between getting a 4k to have one of each 1440 for cod and 4k for single player games or another 1440 at higher refresh rate .
i am ocd and want to have 2 same brand models so size bezel and aesthetic match .
i am also maybe open to getting an ultra wide and giving my current one to my wife as a second monitor .
so i have a few different questions i would appreciate any insight or advice on below pc specs
all water cooled in custom loop with plenty of cooling
1 in 27 size is there a visible difference in 1440 and 4k ?
2 do you like ultrawides for competitive shooters like cod ?
i feel like i would really like it for single player but not sure about fps games
3 from experience in general do you prefer 1440 w high refresh or 4k
4 any other advice or recommendations would be greatly appreciated .
i have been doing research watching reviews etc but still torn .
alrighty as the title says it was a book i 've read in the early 2000 's to be more descriptive as to what it was it was a diy book template of how to do your own cardboard dinosaurs if i remember correctly the dinosaurs consisted of a t-rex triceratops a dimetroodon with a removable sail to double as a pencil holder a pterodactyl and that 's all i can remember .
and to add more detail petty much the whole book is in black and white minus the cover the cover was like a beige pebble style with black and/or red letters
i have been hearing a lot of good things about elden ring and was thinking about trying it out .
when your life is nothing but a constant monotony of getting fucked every which way .
getting broken to the point of discovering yourself and not needing anyone else .
you 're just stuck ca n't physically move ca n't do shit .
and you 've faced death and the void but you really ca n't even feel feelings anymore .
what is the morality of commiting suicide only for the reason that dying seems like a possibility more productive next step in life ?
just fucking trying to do something that works and all other avenues have been explored .
i recently bought my tp09 and i was wondering if it 's normal that the voc screen just shows a loading icon for minutes .
the first few weeks of using it it loads after seconds .
now it takes good 3 mins or more to show the filter icon .
i 'm not a web guy would appreciate some help with the syntax for the scrape function .
div class '' bin-dates '' h2 bins h2 div class '' bg-black text-white bin-black-next bins-next position-relative '' h3 black domestic h3 p normally collected on a thursday br strong next collection 9 days from now on thursday 21 april 2022 strong p
the recent frontpage post about malaysia destroying miners back in july 2021 and discussion about profitability has me doing math .
the website below puts the value of 1 th around 1000sat in july 2021 .
this is already absurd because 13 th/s 0.30 th 3.90 per second
much older 2018 article calculates 2700 th/btc ... but that would only take 208 seconds ... also absurd
i 've checked the spec of the s9 so many different places and they all say 13th/s terahash per second ...
get all the latest news in relation to the amazing shinobi join their community !
we take you into the world of shinobi a world where you work your way up – a world where only the strongest and smartest players survive .
form groups create alliances become stronger and move through time .
the game contains several islands each with a different time perk .
as a player you move between these islands and travel in time .
as a ninja you start the game in the medieval era .
here it is important that you get to know the game and the players around you .
collect xp and tokens bykilling others and work your way up .
there are different types of homes available to buy and own in the cities such as apartments villas and clubhouses .
each era has its own unique gangs and users can sign up to take advantage of the benefits that these groups bring .
shinobi is an action-adventure game where participants play real-life scenarios and complete missions to progress through the story .
shinobi token 's team has given you a wide variety of social platforms that you can engage with and communicate with other people in the project .
right there you can contact the team and ask them anything you feel like it !
i have done it myself and they are flawless in their response .
disk checking error is only on c drive and it 's a sata ssd which i use for os and programs and all other media and data are on an hdd .
feeling like complete crap and would n't mind a chat or a distraction from overthinking .
i really feel uncomfortable talking to dudes about this stuff myself .
a place for members of r/pregnancyandbirth to chat with each other
we lost our female last night we do n't know how or when it happened but we think it was a hawk and all we have left is her mate .
we ca n't leave him alone but we ca n't bring him inside .
what would be the best ducks to go with a backyard khaki campbell ?
we have a couple pools and a pen for them yet not much space in our backyard .
every time i see a thread about people being in successful marriages with bipolar it seems to be skewed towards bipolar women being in successful relationships with non-bipolar men .
i worry about getting married as a straight bipolar guy because men are expected to be a stable strong provider .
i worry that bipolar could greatly undermine this and make marriage next to impossible .
does anyone have some success stories they could share ?
7/8 static currently in need of ranged physical bard perf or caster dps .
we are a mid/casual static that started about halfway through the tier and currently finishing p3s .
this is mostly just a group to go prog and do the end game content .
we are finishing up the last bit of the raid tier and then going in for dsw and other ultimate .
so if you just want a consistent group to do gear farming and prog with come on this way then .
i 've seen a lot of peoples opinions of what the beginning is saying but i 'm 100 convinced i figured it out let me know what you think xo .
and abel if i figured it out award me pls i know you 're in here .
apparently there is a new sim racing title on the horizon .
i love pics and videos talking about general fantasies what we like experiences etc .
cuckqueaning bdsm and sadomasochism domestication and/or pet play and degradation and humiliation of other women .
also love seeing women getting deepthroated and puking liquids .
i like older dudes and i like seducing them away from their wives .
then i like seducing their wives and i 've always fantasized about then being part of their family .
that leads into me having a thing about feeling superior .
if i 'm the new queen she 's my subject .
she has to do what i say what daddy says .
i manipulated my way into her home her bed her husband and even her body .
build her into a depraved masochistic whore begging for pain and dehumanization .
her eyes light up as i piss down her throat .
she cums when daddy throatfucks my piss back out of her .
maybe i even make her lick it back up off the floor .
what matters is if i tell her to do it she does it and she does it with a smile .
she 's the perfect housewife for me and daddy .
maybe she even dresses in those pretty 50s dresses .
just to remind her that she 's no longer human .
but if i take more than 2 gummy candies .
but at the same time i want to take 3 .
and learn something either way i guess dosage does n't really matter .
i 'm not sure if they 're exactly 250 but they 're definitely at least 200 ug .
which high income skills can i learn and earn in 2-3months with consistent hardwork ?
pc users can put any song on self radio without a problem .
but console users should have a new radio station called custom radio station .
console users can choose which songs they can put on the station from the game to the station such as cameo backstreet boys and more .
of course they ca n't put any other songs outside of the game on the radio station but there a lot of good songs on the radio station so i do n't see why rockstar ca n't implement this feature .
if you work at a value or long-only fund are the start times less strict since you do n't capitalize on daily market movements ?
i 'm starting a fishing rod manufacturing business and considering fba .
when i look at their parcel size i do n't see how i can avoid a fulfillment fee of between 20 and 84 dollars due to their length .
weight is zero issue as they 're less than a pound .
has anyone sold long skinny light products that could help me out ?
first and foremost obviously slurs and other extremely disrespectful terms wont be tolerated but i wont be deleting any posts if i disagree with the posts opinion only if i deem it blatantly racist or something of the like .
phillip director bulb is there a type format looking for an led version its a hanging chandelier bulb is on bottom guess gives a spot light to table .
i do n't mean to deter anyone by giving this information .
do n't go to ubreakifixit to get your sony phone fixed .
they 're garbage and they 're not going to do a good job .
plus they 're not authorized repair and they only use refurbished '' parts whatever that means .
sbe is the only sony authorized repair center in the us and they replaced the screen on my 5ii for a reasonable price but they forgot my camera led diffuser when they reinstalled the back glass .
do n't buy a sony if you 're abusive with your phones .
repairing them is a pain in the ass if you do n't have another phone to use .
tbh if you can afford sony phones then you should be able to afford to buy a pixel-a model to use in the meantime while it 's getting fixed so disregard this post but be wary of this .
i was out there chilling today reading the scriptures reading my bible you all know me reading carnal knowledge i was reading vagina profanations verse 2:69 so i get a notification sound on my wassap it was a friend of my man polyorchid .
you see this player has come to ecuador to engage in business ventures in cuenca ecuador awesome love to see more players become ex-pats and get away from the sex prison called the west .
however this player made what in my opinion is a funny observation see ma man is an american born and raised player whatever that means and from his vernacular the few times we have interacted it appears that he is a millennial this particular player did not understand why his female friend who he met in the us would have a problem seeing him now that she is with a sa native internally i am rolling my eyes since i already know where this conversation is going .
it would be my natural inclination to proceed to automatically roast this unenlightened player however i am feeling somewhat magnanimous so gather round children so that professor doom may proceed to illuminate you on how the world works .
in the west let 's be clear only compromises 15 of the population of the planet and functions in a fashion that in my opinion is artificial to an extent at the end of the day what characterizes the west is the illusion of choice there is also the illusion of safety it 's been a long time since we have had an existential crisis in which we accept as a matter of almost tradition that a percentage of our populations will die in a conflict famine or other calamities so the point is that we have had it too good for too long not bad kudos to the west however this has created in my opinion a sense of complacency it has also created some negative social side effects .
in most non-western countries there is a culture and structured gender-based roles you can argue on the semantics of how this came about however a lot of it is derived from our evolutions and biological impulses .
it seems strange to say but life in our current form on the planet is for the most part good however there was a time when the survival of our species was at stake in one form or another because of environment or competition we had to evolve certain impulses for our species to survive .
men compete to gather resources prove themselves and spread their genes women choose and consolidate themselves upon the highest available alpha male at her disposal based on her fitness beauty and cooperation a strange concept for modern people to grasp .
that burning gut feeling you get when some girl whatever her status is when says i have a friend '' means something it 's 1000 's of generations of ancestral instruction passed down that tells you this is your territory no trespassers '' .
men and women are not the same they will never be the same they should not be the same we can make men and women get the same results by applying certain tyrannical dictates which are indeed happening in the west because of no-fault divorce social engineering media and certain tyrannical pressure have had our masculinity bred out of us to an extent .
however as a cautionary tale we should not assume that the rest of the world functions in that manner sa not so much asia eastern europe and let 's not even touch africa and the middle east are still very patriarchal societies men are still allowed to be something controversial they are allowed to be men shocking i know .
women in these parts of the world still want traditional males and understand that choices have consequences men are territorial even if they cheat let 's remember that women are the ones that cheat men exercise options .
but doom how can you be so toxic barbaric and misogynist '' well gents let 's look at the data and statistics 30 of the human male population will not leave a legacy that means for the ones who are not queer that 1 out of 3 men will never have a child yet 90 of women will leave a legacy this statistic strangely enough bears out across all cultures on the planet so a few men are creating all the babies in the world .
it 's women who choose cheaters let me ask you players a question if a girl does n't open up her legs what options do you have for every guy that has banged 100 women 100 men all over the world are toiling in meaningless functions broke that have n't even whiffed pussy in years .
men in other cultures understand female nature and act accordingly if a woman starts to act out of pocket he sets parameters and she either gets on the program or dies alone and buys a dog or cat it 's that simple gent 's i have had this problem in another life before i got reactivated when i was a civilian i was running security for an organization out of a former republic of the soviet union this former republic was known to have excellent women for marriage these women were fit submissive and cooperative what would usually end up happening to most of these dumb westerners is they would take these women to the us or europe and marry them over there and it would end up turning into a shit show the women would end up cheating on them you see gents these women have expectations of what a man '' is and if you do n't cut it they will move on i have said this ounce and i will say this again men are not wallets nor are they there to please '' the princess how 's that working out so far ?
women are there to get on your '' program whether it 's a hooker a girlfriend or wife it 's the same thing women naturally assume their role if you allow yourself to become what nature intended for men to be and hey if she wants to be uncooperative she needs to get out the door .
men in other parts of the world intrinsically understand this we in the west have forgotten this and are tolerating a general dysfunction in said societies because of it .
no men in other parts of the world will not be tolerant of even an americanized girlfriend to talk to other men why because whatever fuck ups or dysfunctions are going on outside of the west they certainly have no problems setting standards or boundaries and if women do n't want to get with the program there is always the streets women who are not cooperative will get booted real quick if western men copied this maybe things would be different but as always some parts of the world have drunk the cool-aid .
i‘m not someone who has a name in esports but one of my passions next to league of legends is writing .
i write by heart and the finals weekend has touched it so deeply that i want to share my experience with you .
i started watching the lec in the time of covid-19 so i have never experienced hearing the audience in the background .
being there on saturday was like entering the studio before the pandemic happened if you do n't think of the ffp2-mask right now and it gave me so much that i did n't know i missed or actually needed to that point .
arriving at adlershof and berlin on saturday first was so exciting .
i visited the city a few years ago and never had the idea that it would become such an important part for me .
seeing the studio after a little walk made me feel like i‘ve been there before .
it has this familiar vibe which was increased by talking to the employees there who helped us find the audience‘s entrance .
it was n't easy to find it since there was no sign or so .
we were there really really early with no other fans in sight which gave us much time to enjoy just being there .
we met a few nice employees who were just as excited as us to open the doors for the audience again .
it just made me feel so comfortable and i obviously could n't wait to finally get in there .
i think everyone who has been there can relate .
after they opened the door for us it was just so much to take in in a positive way .
so many people were waiting there for us and they were just as happy as we were .
i was a bit overwhelmed because seeing everything and everyone from the studio live for the first time was an absolute dream coming true .
the studio from the inside is so beautiful and has such a high quality standard that i feel you can not exactly see on the live stream in a way the studio deserves .
i mean it i have never seen a studio this graceful .
and seeing the work behind all the games and streams just made me value it even more .
everybody who works there does his best to make it an event you will always keep close to your heart .
so a big thank you already to everybody who makes it work .
he is so hard working and practicing his sentences over and over again to make it perfect for the audience .
but his work and presence alone with this good-looking blazer in a shining silver made it already unforgettable .
i just wish i was back in this moment screaming „eu eu eu and cheering .
especially for the players and the team behind them .
what a feeling this must have been for them to have their fans back in the studio that cheers for them .
even if the audience was a little bit g2-favored man caps‘ dad is a gem he seemed so nice the fnatic fans were just as loud as them .
the fans being together just made the feeling in the studio so vibrant and incredible .
it made me realize how much i actually lost my heart to the esports of league of legends and the game in general .
no other sport/esport made me feel this excited happy and most of all hopeful and believing that i can also achieve everything i‘ve dreamed of .
at this point i want to mention sjokz as well because she is really herself .
i met her after the games and she is such a lovely person what i already knew from the streams but meeting her in person was such a cute experience .
i hope she always keeps her positive attitude and knows she has the support from the fans .
she is such a role model for me in esports .
i was really hoping for five games but g2 was just too good and the third game showed much more life from fnatic than the previous two .
it was a head to head game and g2 came out on top .
if you could see this team live you can really feel their positive and funny attitude .
always laughing and most importantly they enjoy the game .
everyone from g2 the players the staff members and carlos .
it must be really nice to be a part of them .
they enjoy every moment take risks work hard and earn what they worked for .
they showed everything on the final day where we sadly did n't get any tickets .
so we went to a gaming center to watch it there with other fans who did n't get them either .
it was a really good atmosphere in there anyway and g2 was just too clean to not win the spring split .
i 'm so excited about what they have in store for us at msi .
i hope for a really good match against t1 that 's something to cross out on that leg too no ?
all i can say now is that i 'm sad i could n't see the final live in the studio on sunday but i 'm honestly so thankful for getting tickets for saturday .
otherwise i would n't experience what i did and i will definitely come back to cheer for the teams that are hopefully not so reckless with my heart like the ticket shop was .
i just want to say thank you if you read this until now .
my family and friends always say that i am a dreamer and always with my head up in the clouds .
but if i was n't a dreamer i would n't have achieved anything i did and if i did n't believe in getting tickets i would n't have gone to the semi final on saturday .
i think anything is possible if you put your whole heart and hard work in it .
that 's what i learned from being a part of the semi final and league of legends in general .
aka world from raya the last dragon it will be much more immersive with 6 lands .
just imagine mulans world in kh2 but bigger scale .
having raya as a party member and sisu as a summon .
its currently april 15 2022 at 11:59am at gmt 2
i 'm considering to change my career to beauty service from health care .
actually what i am interested in is a cosmetic tattoo and i want to have my own salon eventually .
i 'm eager to learn an eyelush service tint and wax so that those skills help me to obtain more customers this is just my idea ..
not interested in make up or nail at the moment .
i 've decided to take phibrows academy micro blading course first because that is my main interest and then i will definately take other courses after that
i 'm thinking to take certificate3 in beauty service to have basic beaty service knowledge .
i know that i ca n't learn cosmetic tattoo there .
is it better to work in any beauty salon to have experience before starting own business ?
i 'd like to hear what you think about my plan doing both tattooing and lush services but not a nail or make up .
please give me any tips to start this career !
a first of its kind national survey by the pew charitable trusts finds 36 million americans — about 20 of all borrowers — have used alternative ways to finance a home at some point including 7 million currently in such arrangements .
the borrowers are largely low-income more likely to live in rural areas and disproportionately hispanic and black reflecting the racial gap in homeownership .
unlike mortgages alternative financing deals are usually not recorded with any government office .
they do n't start with a bank or mortgage company and so are not subject to the same state or federal regulations .
in most of our cases we have handwritten notes that would n't pass muster '' says peggy lee an attorney with southeastern ohio legal services .
she says some of her clients have even been duped into thinking a verbal contract was binding though they 're not recognized in ohio .
this leaves borrowers with higher costs and fewer protections .
they can be suddenly evicted without a right to a normal foreclosure process .
they 're shut out of tax and other homeowner benefits .
the legal ambiguity prevented many from being eligible for covid-19 financial relief or the moratorium on evictions creating a double whammy for families most likely to suffer during the pandemic .
another crucial distinction usually the seller maintains the property deed until the last payment yet the tenant is responsible for maintenance and repairs.
first off i am 18 and so is my character .
i 'm looking for a 18 rp partner to play with today .
like always i 'm fine playing asian latina or black for white characters .
and i 'm also fine playing as white for black characters .
also of course fine play as a femboy trap or trans .
and also fine with you playing a dominant trap/trans to my femboy or trap/trans character .
my idea for this is that this location is open for anyone with a cock .
at this location once your inside your welcomed by the front desk where you get to choose how your going to have fun .
there 's a wide variety and almost unlimited choices to choose from .
so many different girls and guys to choose from .
it 's almost like this is the best place on earth .
when you come to the front desk again you get to choose how your going to have your fun .
you can choose between females femboys traps and trans .
i will be playing 18 and 18 only sorry .
once you 've chosen your perfect girl or boy you get to choose what you 'd like to do .
maybe having a go at a tight ass that 's never been touched before .
how about ropes and bondage maybe some raceplay or even you want your sweet little toy to worship your cock .
thinking basically it would be a system like a full sheet of paper with options all over it .
again like said anal vaginal breeding anal pies bondage/ropes raceplay worshiping and so on so forward .
i will say definitely the more the merrier with what you want to do between those .
will also say obviously definitely want vaginal anal raceplay and just general roughness with sex .
love getting manhandled and just used to the max .
pounded hard folded over railed while being held up as you stand .
please send me your characters age 30 cock size 11-13 inches what race you want to play and what race you want me .
also i would like your character to be circumcised please
also like to add that with oral i 'd prefer if the size difference is big enough that you ca n't fit in my mouth as i find that way hotter then deepthroating .
also find like rubbing your cock on my face cock slapping my face or even getting me to suck/lick your balls and lick your shaft and such is fine too .
also when it comes to sex please none of that one thrust from the start instant balls deep stuff .
it 's just boring and rushing for no reason .
my kinks are anal breeding breeding dirty talk rough sex getting manhandled easily tossed around gangbangs big cocks 11-13 inches raceplay/slurs and bondage .
my limits are shit piss blood rimming death harming as in punching .
so i 'm new to reddit so i 'll take down the post if it 's something not done here .
i as the title says put down a home plot wanting to hunt villagers but after getting one i put down a second and soon realize my mistake .
so first of all will that plot get auto filled tomorrow ?
or can i hunt tomorrow since i have a already a villager moving in tomorrow wolfgang ?
if it 's gon na get auto filled maybe i can asked an in box '' villager to move in before the end of the day and that 's what i 'm here to ask .
i 'm not really rich but i can pay as much as i can or even with nmt have around 60 still if one of you have a villager moving out
thank you in advance and have a nice day !
so in the bank robbery scene all of the six are clearly accounted for .
five specifically as this is relevant to him teleports on top of the counter behind one of the people .
however in the flashback where allison is telling her daughter about the day the siblings saved the day at the bank she goes out of her way to bring up everyone except five .
was this an oversight or was there a second bank incident that did n't include five i completely missed ?
edit fixed the fact i stupidly said museum and not bank .
so yesterday i built a new pc 12400f 6600xt and every hour or so my signal disappears and i have to reboot the pc to get it back .
craft tree academy helps you to learn the art of making organic scented soap from the comfort of your home .
we live in a world which is full of pollution and most of the products which we use are made up of industrial toxins rendering our health and skin compromised .
one such product which we regularly use and which consist of excess industrial chemical is soap and detergents .
at craft tree academy our industrial experts provide one-on-one classes and small batch classes as to how you can safeguard yourself and your skin by preparing your own organic soap prepared from natural ingredients .
our soap making https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soap class is one of the most sought courses .
why craft tree academy is best for soap making courses ?
the soap making courses at craft tree academy is offered under the expert guidance of industry stalwart who not only teaches you the skill of preparing organic soaps but also provides detailed instructions as to how you can prepare and manufacture soaps and detergents at a larger scale and establish your own brand in the organic soap making industry .
all our classes are adequately bifurcated between theoretical and practical approaches .
the class size is kept at a bare minimum so that individual personalized attention could be given to each and every learner .
our soap making classes https www.crafttreeacademy.org are aptly divided into various programs providing our students a bucketful of options to choose from .
each soap making classes has a different level of skill set and mastery attached to it depending upon what the student wants to learn .
the common ones we use in soap-making are lauric acid myristic acid palmitic acid and stearic acid .
c17h35coo with a metal cation either na or k is the precise chemical formula .
sodium stearate is the last molecule which is a form of salt .
the ph of the soaps is between 9 and 10 .
the ph of the majority of shampoos is in the range of 6-7 .
pure soap flakes are small transparent crystal-like silky flakes of food-grade castile soap concentration saponified from a proprietary blend of organic coconut and smude sunflower seed oils .
if you do the soap making course in a proper way from an iso certified center
will we be able to start our own business after completing this soap making course ?
you can start your own firm in this field if you have a strong understanding of soap-producing chemicals .
q7.where can we learn a good soap making course ?
if you want to do this course at any higher level then you can do this course from craft tree academy which is iso certified training center in delhi
q8.why did you choose craft tree academy for soap making course ?
since craft tree academy has highly experienced consultants who will teach you the complete techniques of soap making also craft tree academy is in this industry since 2005 and also has an iso-certified center .
it provides you with offline online courses and also gives you a certificate after the completion of the course .
soap making courses in delhi soap making classes soap making classes online in india soap making courses online soap making courses .
soap making training center in delhi soap making workshop in delhi .
nice work but i dont remember that he killed giants and dragons
please make sure to follow our rules https www.reddit.com/r/shortcircuit/about/rules .
if you like what you 're seeing make sure to give the broadcaster an award !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shortcircuit if you have any questions or concerns .
and thank you for proving my point about certain types in a game that do this because like you .
i like to enflame others especially about pointless things .
people say you start losing hair at 35 for you it already ended
u might like them and elevated extracts has 3 more new products coming out over the next few months
when i was i college we drank so much everyone 's stomachs were always jacked up it was n't uncommon for someone to openly say fuck i just shit myself ...
main game ... and it 's in the patch notes too did n't try with other champs yet but i will
i 'd love for a temporary pause in new coins for a few more features like automatically renewing your money with the previous term interest included .
i think its referred to drip in stocks and shares .
but they have 20 years of modded version to see the trials and errors
i do n't work but i 'm stuck in a 12 sq ft hospital bed .
as long a movie is masala '' movie it is fine once it turns to mass '' is when it starts to kill the industry .
south needs to have constant pipeline of young heroes who will turns stars in 10 years .
when the star is too huge like rajini chiranjeevi or vijay is it when mass '' factor kicks in and ruins the movie .
you cant just say i dont want to stand to lose stuff if i die but i still want the rewards the wilderness offers ''
we 're all okay making stuff high-risk high-reward when it comes to pvm but when the risk is from a pker everyone loses their minds .
by your definition then pkers will get no updates at all .
then you wonder why are the polls closed to pkers only ?
edit bis gear from pvm also makes wildy more dangerous .
u can perfectly have long hair on a helmet vacume sealed or not its just annoying .
love to know where in the uk so i could stalk you
but what is it what you try to get out of then ?
as a short dude who 's 5'5 or near 5'6 aaaahhhhh
den einkommenssteuerbescheid '' gibst du nicht ab sondern du erstellst eine perönliche steuererklärung mit unterschiedlichen anlagen .
die kest-anlage musst du aber nur einreichen wenn du erträge hattest die noch nicht besteuert wurden was bei privatanlegern bei normalen brokern in der eu nie der fall sein sollte anders sieht es aus wenn du erträge bei einer bitcoin-börse in thailand hast .
sowas in der art sollte doch bei euch in der bib rumliegen ?
https www.amazon.de/handbuch-österreichischen-steuerlehre-österreichischen-kapitalertragsteuer/dp/3700745877/ref=sr\_1\_1 ? mk\_de\_de=åmåžõñ crid=y2jxid5nq4u2 keywords=österreich+kapitalertragsteuer qid=1650016764 sprefix 2caps 2c187 sr=8-1
i do n't think co or usa will become interested in this dude .
when you 'll have your first child you 'll go part time and it wo n't be because you 're forced .
but guess every woman has to go through the same experience make the same observation and reach the same conclusion .
note steel fury though has same problem and still wont launch .
it 's psychologically addictive like anything else can be but not physiologically addictive no withdrawal syndrome
i thought it was mods maybe but i deleted my most recent mod i had installed and problem was n't fixed and in previous games my mods had n't caused this problem .
and i have no idea how to fix the other two lol
eyes were still removed when taylor met valefor in canon after all .
you did a good job as time goes on it gets easier .
cirque colors has some beautiful holo glitter colors if you like sparkly things .
i use cuticle oil and leave a tiny space .
i also try to always keep my hands moisturized too .
right now i 've been trying dipping powders too .
to make me ignore further mistakes from you in the future reply ! optout to this comment .
you sit your privileged ass down and you listen to it😤😤😤
sadly this sums up my current marriage very succinctly .
scomo literally tried to buy all of us off with 250 lmao
10 is barely paying 3min of sexy text 💀 if thats how he cums ... okay 🤡
that would make sense considering the fact they do n't even reference hoffman or amanda
i have n't directly based them off any languages however shorama reminds me a lot of spanish and japanese .
that coin drop is gon na happen on dynamite someday and i 'm gon na lose my mind when it happens
pretty sure they 're bigger then they 're old releases though since those were like 20 years old .
the gsc and necromunda stuff are all original releases though without taking their ancient models into account so there 's nothing to really creep on .
they 're all on a good scale anyway with relatively recent kits that do n't need updating whilst those that got updates like eldar csm etc needed newer kits with upped scale .
this is going to sound dumb but i 've played over 100 hours of splatoon and never knew about this minigame .
ok we here at the gundam community have no idea who the fuck this guy is nor do we support his actions
not sure how to add this but i can make a more armoured varient
it is easier to keep going once you prevent yourself from doing things that lead to porn .
i have experienced that if you do it once you are likely gon na do it once more and if you do it again it is very much likely that you would do it third time and this desires continues to grow until you take some effor to stop doing it for sometime .
so the more you do it the less control you have on yourself .
and conversely the more you prevent any trigger the more control you have on yourself .
it is very important to stop the triggers whether it is fanatizing about someone looking at the opposite sex whether in real or on phone etc .
it 's contractually obligated to run for a certain amount of time in certain theaters .
honestly if the us was to stop their warcrimes their economy would collapse .
which i am entirely fine with but i doubt the us is .
imagine if they also stopped exploiting free/cheap labour in poor countries too .
the us would become a shithole in two weeks max .
i bought this while abroad and i do n't have access to the shop i can try to order a second skein but it probably wo n't be from the same lot number .
the woman at the shop did n't really know how much would be enough for a crochet hat only a knitted hat she said she thought it would be enough but i ca n't find a pattern that says that this amount is enough .
you can literally go with any car ... 5 seater is 1100 paid via mpesa no cash
i was looking for this answer i honestly think that 's the best thing that came out of the mcu .
rumors about a njpw/aew show june 25 in chicago .
they do run milwaukee on the 22nd for dynamite/rampage which is 2 hours away and then have dynamite in detroit the following wednesday which is roughly 4 hours from chicago .
what do you do if your house has an ant infestation ?
i 'll never get that guys appeal how can anyone defend his after the speed run bs especially
the hr s will take side with the management and they will try to suppress it but she should file a complaint
bad policy and corruption can be blamed on the government .
private business also spend enormous resources lobbying government for the aforementioned bad policies to be in effect .
i believe it means that should the borrower fail to keep the terms they surrender all interest in the property to the lender the pledge is dead contrasted with a live pledge where should the borrower default they can keep some portion of the thing they were borrowing against proportional to the amount of the loan they paid off .
a comfortable relationship with pain and pleasure i like it
even better it was their first olympic medal of any colour ever
feel free to read the rules you just sent .
it says nothing about a player with arms in natural position being struck by a ball headed towards his team 's goal .
it 's not a penalty it 's not a handball .
if it were attacking players would chip shots against defenders arms to win a penalty .
es ist nur steinmeier der zwar staatsoberhaupt ist aber nichts zu sagen oder zu entscheiden und in der vergangenheit als aussenminister viel zu oft sehr schlechte entscheidungen getroffen hat .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/goodanimemes if you have any questions or concerns .
he only started feeling worthless because you found out .
otherwise he would be having panic attacks and vomiting for the past few years .
super friendly people and sometimes give me free drinks to taste test
throughout this whole relationship it 's been oh you are cheating oh you are cheating when all i 've done is give all my energy all my support no matter fucking what .
im so angry because all ive ever been is good and i get nothing back .
unbelievable how much the boobs are so milky white .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post can not have first person pronouns i me my etc
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
the last is the grammatically least correct but we must agree that is the greatest
we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
my favorite is when i 'm being hunted ... at sea .
from the moment i understood the weakness of my flesh it disgusted me .
i aspired to the purity of the blessed machine .
your kind cling to your flesh as if it will not decay and fail you .
one day the crude biomass you call a temple will wither and you will beg my kind to save you .
harry potter niet geschreven door paul van loon maar door j.k rowling .
volgens mij ben je ook een beetje in de war met de loop van het verhaal het gaat vooral om harry potter een kind wiens ouders vermoord zijn door voldemort .
er zitten niet echt cactussen in de film maar wel planten die keihard kunnen schreeuwen zo hard zelfs dat je er van kan flauwvallen .
this episode especially the blood clot scene made me think that they tried to make this like that of an italian movie .
i have n't watched any italian movies till date but cabt shake the feeling that this episode or the blood clot scene was nothing short of a scene out of a film .
i fell off a longboard directly on my tailbone from standing height 3 years ago and i still have upper back problems .
the movie is dumb because the director read the book
he had it in his mind that he wanted to make a parody of fascist propaganda so he looked for a story to use as source material .
starship troopers sounded suitably militarist to him he had his preconception of what it was about and did n't bother to actually read it .
the thing is the scriptwriters did read the book .
so while a lot of the best things in the book with respect to military doctrine equipment and tactics did n't make it into the movie the politics were translated with almost no change .
which is how you end up with an accountable liberal democracy albeit with limited franchise fighting a defensive war presented in the style of fascist propaganda .
and verhoeven is confused '' people misinterpret '' it .
mind if i share advice like everyone else is in the other thread ?
neglect was the wrong word i meant to say enabling sorry .
he does n't do anything to stop his mom from abusing katsuki which means that he 's complicant even if he does n't like it himself .
he 's a victim of mitsuki 's too i mean the way they got together is pretty toxic and abusive .
but bakugou is his child too if he ca n't grow a spine for himself he should at least do that and parent him in a better way instead of letting mitsuki do whatever she wants .
of course he would never be okay with the way bakugou acted towards deku in middle school but even if he found out what would he do about it ?
nothing because mitsuki would reprimand bakugou even worse than she already does and he does n't get a say in this or he just would say nothing because bakugou got his mannerisms from mitsuki and then they 'd both blow up on him .
same with how mitsuki openly said that it was bakugou 's own fault for being so weak and getting kidnapped his dad said nothing instead all might had to comfort him when bakugou broke down infront of him because of that .
so both parents are horrible being told you 're worthless and weak and being hit by your mom while your dad just watches and being told you 're the greatest by the others around you would fuck you up .
but thanks to being in ua and having actual support there bakugou can finally grow and become better as we see it slowly progress in the series tho i have to say the manga does it better .
we 'll be fine mate we 're gon na go with our strongest starting xi not our rotated xi i can see how they 're gon na try and overwhelm us but xavi was able to overcome that at the first leg itself so i think xavi has something up in his mind .
i guess they 've never played at camp nou it 'll be hard to not find that intimidating .
teams have already parked the bus against us and we got past them with the right mentality whatever team that might be unless they 're defensive specialists it 's literally damn hard to maintain structure untill the very end gaps are gon na up and we 'll be able take advantage of that and if worse comes to worse we do have a target man who excels at these situations .
it 's good to be cautious about your opponent it is respectful but it 's useless to be unnecessarily scared i 've belief in our quality and our players and system and the way we play football so i think we 're gon na do alright .
i can grab this for 72.99 and really loved the 3.5g jar i got a long time ago .
when i read it 's harsh and burns dark idk what to do though
that said i mostly vape my weed and just want strong tasting weed .
i hate that i ca n't talk about my experiences .
they 're specific experiences i ca n't really express publicly either .
and i just wish my life turned out better .
as a kid my parents made me wear pajamas and i hated them once i saw my brothers did n't wear pajamas i took mine off and it was much better .
needless to say i never sleep with clothes on unless i have to .
i do n't usually wear underwear to sleep unless i 'm on my period .
as a medical professional has told me otherwise why would i trust some random redditor ?
one who it seems has n't even glanced at my proof ?
again i have had experiences with sayori where it was neurologically impossible for psychosis to have caused it .
what you 're suggesting is no more possible than her actually existing .
at this point the word city has lost all meaning for me
rolling out platform stops across the network would be even better as it removes the car-pedestrian interface entirely .
i like the idea of slapping those drivers with heavy fines but there 'll always be a group of people too stupid and selfish to learn sadly .
so your saying i should drink 50 bottles for health ?
it 's just potential numbers there is no scenario that can simulate real data other than the live server .
it 's a good question and 15 years ago i imagined a trend that would one day see them as a major party .
maybe if media laws were changed and we were able to move past the age of misinformation .
what i see is labor vs liberal pup murdock and sadly the greens .
the libs do n't seem to even hide their corruption and nepotism .
the only way to fix it is a landslide for labor and several terms to start course correcting .
i 'm green on the inside but right now i 'm baying for corrupt blood and i 'll wear red to make it happen .
plenty to criticize about biden but manchin and sinema are unquestionably awful yet somehow they are still better than all congressional republicans combined .
he blamed it on senators because the senators were to blame .
any comic that shows okita suffering with her tuberculosis gives me immense pain .
her struggling to just perform a single swing hurt .
this manga showing the interlude hit me as hard as the comic where hijikita goes to talk with okita while she 's sick and she 's putting up a solid front but as soon as he 's leaving he notices okita in tears crying that she wanted to fight with everyone and then it flashcuts to her dead then it flashcuts to hijikita 's last stand just in pure rage .
i remember reading the kohaace version of events and how although okita got along swimmingly with serizawa she executed him without hesitation when she needed to .
seeing that in detail makes it hit a bit harder .
its why hijikita thought she was inhuman to put it bluntly .
the way she fought was terrifying and the way she acted made it worse .
the way she wanted to kill the cat to prove her worth and then immediately became friendly with it after she could n't just shows how she works .
she can be your close friend and then have no trouble executing you the next day if she had to .
once again chaldea and its master is therapeutic for servants .
okita 's dream of fighting alongside everyone fighting to the very end has come true .
plus she 's able to let her hair down a lot more in chaldea than in life and it 's just generally been good for her to not be in her man-slayer mode as often thanks to her master .
hello just a reminder to everyone to review the rules .
and also to make sure to report posts by spam bots so they can be removed quickly .
shameless plug time feel free to join this sub 's discord server too while you 're at it https discord.com/invite/bgn6aj2
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/genshinimpactnsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
independently wealthy though i like volunteering with homeless shelters and food banks .
then a screen shot and your eth walter to either
i find it hard to find anything 'pushing ' it when the first game ends with a nazi zombie virus and the second game ends with supermagical tree sap that turns you into superhumans .
there 's already been a line crossed where 'reality ' is well and truly gone imo and i think it 's around the time that you have to unload several ak47s and grenades into a guy and only win because yeti eat their wounded .
i 'm very new to minox beards only about 4 days in .
if you see a lot of vellus hairs its a sign that you 'll have success with the minox ?
i tried to make a post but i ca n't see it on the list
i mean if u go with the one who asked u first
the united states already got that credit by fucking controlling the whole economy and modern culture of the western world up to nowadays so yeah i really think i do not have to credit the hegemon i am not that of a submissive donkey .
thanks for the prisoner 's dilemma mate i 'd rather be myself and thank nobody .
afaik discrimination is allowed and is being practiced e.g .
if you want to work with customers in a bank .
did n't you notice that this plane is 90° tilted ?
i 'm incredibly late to the discussion but do n't forget the king of hybern for the greatest villain in the acotar series except maybe koschei i 've always found it odd and a little annoying how he does n't even have a name lol
honestly they should have done as they did in previous fifas where the first release mukiele rip sane etc had the potential going all the way to the final then the new cards would just be extras instead of making two seperate types and potentials
edit and the cards that went to the europa/conference league would just be converted if they advanced
weird reloaded my game reset me back to first challenge redid it everything is working now ☺️
you know you 're in trouble when the snow starts speaking finnish ...
i felt bad for haz because it sounded like he wanted to rebuild the bridge but destiny was having none of it .
what the hell are you ... talking about ? ! ''
i 'm using yabe clips to get viewers ... so i can end yabe clips . ''
big book released a few years ago that collects every comic set in the arkham timeline
i see just trying to sweeten the deal on his end .
he 's been sitting on this set for the past 2 years lol 😂 .
i wish swirling fire did n't have those horrible flashing lights throughout the entire thing .
according to the cambridge dictionary it is someone who uses technological tools to gain unauthorized access to computer systems for the purposes of stealing tampering or accessing information .
some dude using a riot games glitch found within their game as part of their gameplay is not a hacker '' .
and they are way to clean for the work they do .
yeah a lot changed during that time in the world .
i agree if you ca n't get through this small thing with her then leaving is the best option .
if you ca n't help her through this when life really hits you wo n't be able to get through those things with her .
you need to find someone that you like both physically and mentally .
no because although those games are dated they come from a time where things were built to last longer .
not like the 360 where a lifespan for equipment was already thought of in manufacturing
the general population understands asperger 's as mild autism and when they simply hear someone has autism they assume they ca n't function work take care of themselves etc .
dostalo sa to do videa aj moje sa dostalo do videa moje je s vlakom a autobusom
a teaspoon could be a weapon ... slap someone to death with 10 years of pummeling .
just to make sure everyone is definitely engaging the enemy .
well my zhongli is n't built as burst damage but as shield bot but if i can do a setup my raiden could probably solo it in about the same time
10 returns on stonks for example would be 9 after margin rate and cashback on creditcard .
if you marry this girl then it 's on you bud .
cut your losses before you lose 5 more of the best years of your life .
ever read a comment and laugh then think oh that 's sad '' ?
that 's what i did with the louisiana mention .
ready for me to fuck you raw and cum in yo so much .
thanks for reminding me of the old google maps directions for san francisco to tokyo .
because technically that would mean that the team played hockey yesterday and will again today right ?
something along the lines of ciaran looking forward for brockhampton to be over .
you have a justifiable reason to not like it and to not want it around your kids .
your wife is clearly being selfish and maybe peer pressured into something that is addictive shut up redditors it can be .
i think the therapist will agree forcing this lifestyle on you and the family is n't healthy and that if she wants it then it should be a personal private thing .
if your wife doesnt want to do it in private then let her know you will want her to leave the house and kids and you will need a separation .
many people wo n't agree with this mentality but it is a clear issue with you and there are risks for young children .
just like cigarettes it should not be done in front of kids or in a vehicle with kids .
yes but insulting the religion in itself is not sometimes people mistake one for the other .
i wo n't be defending her now because she has proven to be an attention w\*ore and just stirs the pot to garner attention online but a girl named mila '' she 's french was getting hate under her posts for being queer and she answered to someone saying something like i do n't care about your god i do not believe in him and he can suck my d '' and now she 's under national protection because she 's has been getting very violent death threats and r threats and they even caught some dude plotting an attack against her .
what was wild was the amount of people saying things like she had it coming she insulted islam '' as if it 's a valid reason to try to murder her
it smells like cum there because someone masturbated there .
may or may not be based on a true story
i am torn between my laziness and the urge to show up early at work .
since i work nights do you think mas mabilis ang byahe ?
i do n't think most people here hate casual fans i think they just disagree .
i watched the video and i do n't really understand where you 're coming from .
max even said multiple times how he agrees with the choice or would understand why a casual fan would choose one of the games and he was n't even that rude or sarcastic for the most part so i 'm not seeing the douchey elitist thing you mentioned .
he even says that the list is valuable and recommended people go and give it a thumbs up at the end .
like if you felt like some of the jokes seemed kinda condescending or something than fair enough i guess but overall he was pretty positive on the video overall and did n't just trash it because he 'd choose differently .
white people do n't refuse to do those jobs because of what the job is .
but brown people who have come from nothing barely speak english are a lot easier to subdue .
hence why you guys are always trying to change minimum wage .
because the amount of low skilled immigrants making the wage stagnate .
you do realise this is all a democrat ploy to increase their voter numbers ?
they put a ban on cubans coming over because they vote republican .
its what i gathered from the video by paying attention .
both of the scenerios you presented happen and each is wrong .
hopefully incidents like the one portrayed in this video will discontinue .
very carefully tie a string to it that goes out about 20 feet pull the jar over at the end of the string and run the opposite direction
additionally i do n't think hsb shames parents who sleep train .
she herself sleep trained her own first baby and she never says you should n't do it .
she only dislikes the sleep trainers who charge thousands of dollars and scare parents who do n't want to do it which is what op sounds like to me into doing it out of fear that their baby will not develop or ever sleep well without cio .
sleep trainers are also pushing a message to sell a product so it 's not like there is neutrality on that side .
as you say you can follow safe sleep guidelines but i do n't think these say that you should leave your baby to cry alone at 4 months which is what a lot of sleep trainers claim
mine burn at the same time i 'm also getting hives .
even though they are light the hives burn when they pop up .
the current theory is that i have autoimmune urticaria dermotographism in addition to the arthritis .
but i also get it along the edge of my entire nail .
you are thinking of acorn barnacles which are round and dont move .
there is a whole class of barnacles that attach by a stalk and can move .
as several other people have pointed out these are definitely gooseneck barnacles or something closely related .
hmm u got a better body than my muslom wife
my friend got it to work somehow and he had the same issue .
this is not how you are supposed to play this game
extracts were allowed as early as last week because i ordered from a vendor but now the same vendor does n't sell anything to tn .
i ignore your comment and just keep pushing the head of my cock deeper and deeper till just the head penetrated your womb there a nice tight fit
safe sleep trainers say get outta bed and hold them somewhere sitting up so you 're less likely to sleep
if you like the mobility of sns but hate the reach and/or the inconsistent guard to back hop combo i highly recommend insect glaive .
i picked it up specifically to use on fatalis for easy head breaks and have n't put it down since .
it takes a while to get used to especially if you start off using a slow kinsect but once you get used to how to get your buffs it 's so much fun .
insane aerial mobility great damage from the downward thrust into tornado slash combo ... give it a try
there is actually a donetsk in russia close to the border and luhansk .
even if the debt is n't high the working conditions are n't great .
i see you said you were a biology major 6 months ago .
so probably still deciding on pharmacy school or early.. a high percentage of these comments are telling you how bad the conditions are .
if you 're trying to get more information just say this is what i read is this the truth ? because some internet sources do n't convey the reality of a daily life of a pharmacist .
click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=notifier-bot subject=u5lyt0 message=click 20 27send 27 20to 20be 20notified 20if 20op 20marks 20 27 5btomt 5d 20 5bsong 5d 20heard 20about 20this 20and 20signed 20up 20on 20reddit 20just 20for 20song 20it 20goes 20somethin 20like 20i e2 80 99m 20the 20thought 20in 20your 20head 20you 20cant 20escape 2c 20i e2 80 99m 20the 20beat 20that 20your 20heart 20drums 20to 2e 20you 20dance 20to 20the 20beat 20of 20my 20drums 2e 27 20as 20solved 2e 20you 20should 20receive 20a 20confirmation 20pm 20soon 2e 0a 0a 0a 0amake 20sure 20the 20message 20subject 20says 20 27u5lyt0 27 20before 20sending 2e 0a 0aofficial 20reddit 20app 20users 20might 20need 20to 20type 20something 20in 20the 20message 20body 20before 20the 20send 20button 20is 20enabled 2e if you 'd like to be notified when this post is solved .
use caution there are con artists scammers and sexual predators on reddit .
as such we strongly encourage posters to disable their chat and pms while their post is up
this is a strictly sfw subreddit for platonic non-sexual friendships .
no asking for upvotes donations favors or professional therapy .
no posts complaining about lack of replies or ghosting outside the weekly casual discussion/meta thread .
users with high nsfw content will be temp-banned 80 after mod-review .
users who contact minors 18 y/o with any nsfw content in their profile will be permabanned after mod-review .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/needafriend if you have any questions or concerns .
thank you so much for the response this was exactly the information i was hoping for .
i wish it was unbindable but at least i know to stop looking as often haha
my theory is that paraphilias are formed from repressed desires.for example
very often we saw great events that repressed our deep seeded desires .
where people ca n't find a way to cope with it they ca n't find a way to materialize these dreams either due to harsh contitions .
so instead they want to regress back in time to find eheir devine great people .
and so their repressed plans for the future/desires either projecting it on parental figures or to innocent fellow people .
for example if a woman lives in a hard ass situation for a long time she lost her healthy sexuality and so she projects her desires for the creation of her own family mixing it with her desire to regress and boom now there are 2 possible paths to it
1.she creates proxy devinities that remind her her parents and usually she romantasizes it to the point of sexualizing them .
on the other hand she may project her desire to regression on kids resulting in her pedophilic dentecies .
when she finds these fantasies she will repress them even more until herself unconsiously completly forgeting her fantasies but surprize surprize instead she 's posseced by them resulting in her being an incestious pedophile .
i call it the oedious effect '' since oedipus tried to get away from his step mom but he married his real mom .
an other example is a man being in a situation where many people at the same time torment him.the result is he has a desire fo escape the material world and to to nothingness at best to a fictional world at worst .
resulting in him sexualizing cartoons and fucking corpses and carcases .
she should n't move to tulsa just because chandler agreed on a job there without talking it through with his wife first .
you always talk things through with your spouse before making big life changing decisions .
obviously chandler did n't know that he was agreed to work in tulsa because he had no idea what that conversation was even about but that 's on him not monica .
it 's pretty normal to experience some burnout eventually .
dm'ing can involve a lot more work than many players imagine .
of course there are some dm 's who just wing everything up and do n't need to prep until 5mins before but that 's different .
in your case if you 're feeling let down because they more or less ignore the work you prepare for them that 's another reason to not feel super excited about running more of your campaign and the right moment to end it is whenever you feel like it .
sure it might suck for the players if you call it quits next week or something but do what is right for you first .
there 's no points in dragging this on for a few more months if you 're just gon na be dreading the approaching game day .
my mom fucked my friend while we were on vacation and now i want to fucking die she mom took us to miami for a spring break vacation .
everything seemed normal when we were there and when we got back .
they spread all throughout my school and a bunch of kids asked me if my mom really had sex with a student .
until my close friend who was there told me .
he told me one of the nights we went down to the hotel pool and said friend stayed up saying he wanted to go to bed early .
he stayed up there and then something happened and my mom slept with him .
i feel sick to my stomach and so mad writing it .
i confronted her and she admitted and tried to apologize but i just ca n't with her .
i 'm contemplating just telling my dad so he can fly me up to his house but i hate being around his dumb bimbo gold digging girlfriend .
i want to fight that fucking asshole that did this .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's why you do n't fuck with people right here ... dude looks like a nerdy accountant but could absolutely take your fuckin head off
it 's always the football fans lads lads lads that seem to order it .
tbf bringing up army vs exo-l is a very sore point for armys .
a lot of very harsh things were done to army by exo-ls and to bts too including trying to ruin their wings comeback entirely .
armys and exo-ls are still notably bitter to each other and you 'd have the reverse situation with exo-ls hating on you if you stuck with exo .
im also a multi who causally enjoys exo so im not saying you cant like them both at the same time but for the sake of yourself do n't get involved with fanwars in any way unless you 're ready to be attacked .
dont reply to anything about fanwars even if its to be positive .
want to start or expand a family but ca n't find the right guy ?
pregr is the revolutionary new app that puts you in control of your biological clock !
simply choose from one of our thousands of local professional fertile male contractors and book a breeding session .
filter by age race looks and interests to find the perfect genes for your child .
arrange to meet at home your workplace or a hotel and your done !
choose whether you want a romantic rough clinical or spicy breeding experience .
let pregr empower you to become a mother on your own terms !
any non reproductive bodily fluid may result in a cleaning fee .
and half life 3 is still not out yet .
i am employed full time and paid via paye .
i also have a side hustle set up as a limited company with me as the sole director .
if i pay myself as sizeable dividend will my employer have any way of knowing about this ?
i am hoping it wo n't change my tax code or anything as i 'll pay tax on it when i complete my self assessment .
main kinks are high heels bimbos shemale big tits cock anything big really hentai cum chavs public and more .
like to chat aswell as trade open to discuss fantasies and rp too .
is there any reason to not use ss bbs for cooling in a glass stem .
ss bbs are a lot easier for me to find that glass balls .
they wo n't get hot enough to release anything nasty just wondering if there is anything i 'm not thinking of .
me and my mom were about to watch season 5 i 've already watched until season 11 and it 's no longer free anymore we have to buy it ?
my colleague has a nice outlined engine wallpaper from his subaru..
now i was curious if we had something like that for the m50 engine etc..
i 'd like to have it as a wallpaper for my desktop any ideas ?
i really ca n't understate how bad my experience with atenolol was .
the horrible nightmares of snakes biting my ankles every single night .
the complete zombie mode during the day that prevented me from doing anything .
that was over 20 years ago and i still think about how awful that experience was .
i even stopped going to doctors for several years after that .
my current doctor keeps asking me to start a bp med .
so far i 've been saying no based on my atenolol experience .
however i 've gained 50 lbs since starting remicade about 8 months ago and the extra weight is making my bp climb .
i think she said she wants to prescribe lisinopril ?
i saw that fatigue and nightmares happen to some people that take lisinopril .
so now i 'm wondering if this is going to be atenolol all over again .
i see that fatigue is n't the most common reaction to lisinopril and that nightmares are only like 1 of people but given that i already had those reactions to atenolol i 'm guessing my risk of having those again with a related medication is higher than the general population ?
i 'm also a little confused by what she told me versus what i read on wikipedia about it .
i seem to be having liver injury with the remicade and so i asked her if adding this medication would make that worse and she said no .
then i saw that some people on lisinopril have liver issues .
i 've also been having bad fatigue episodes and she said this would probably help with that but then fatigue is listed as a side-effect .
hi i 've just come back to league after a maybe 6 month break and climbed to platinum where i have been before relatively easily .
however recently i have hit a point where the outcome of my games feels as if i have little impact win or loss .
i could play well on my main champion and lose or first time a new jungler and win .
games seem to be decided by who tilts less after dying in the first 5 minutes .
so my question would be is it possible to get more consistent outcomes when every game feels like a coin flip whether i play well or not ?
go rigor culture is the best workshop for you to buy any candles dried flowers embroidery products and handmade rugs all in one place without any problems .
over here you can do all your cultural shopping with us and get more designed products easily .
all our products are hand-made and designed very finely .
now the artist is using 俄羅斯刺繡 https gorigor.com/product/tufting-workshop russian embroidery in radical ways .
many modern associations use embroidery like needle points samplers cheeky cross-stitch pillows and many more embroidery products .
russian embroidery is putting all its efforts into designing its embroidery to look like paint .
you can find many embroidered wall hangings pillow designs and dresses where the embroidery has been done so well that you can not even recognize it .
and if you are interested in learning you can attend our workshop at go rigor culture .
戳戳绣 https gorigor.com/product/tufting-workshop poke embroidery also known as punch needle is a creative embroidery technique that both beginners and experienced crafters love to do .
many of us are interested in finding a workshop to learn embroidery and much more handmade rugby .
once you learn the basic techniques you can do all the projects such as wall hangings pillows and rugs without any difficulties .
手工地毯 https gorigor.com/product/tufting-workshop handmade rugs are some of the best-designed rugs which are hand-knotted and handwoven .
the quality of these rugs depends on numerous factors such as the knot count dyes used and the quality of the yarns .
this rug is made from the wrapped threads of handmade rugs which have beautiful designs with fine threads .
everyone loves hand-made products and it is best to opt for a handmade rug even though you will pay more for it .
there are many reasons why handmade rugs are the better choice .
handmade rugs are more durable and can last a lifetime .
at go rigor cultural you will get the best handmade products where you can buy candles an afternoon tea set a passport a one-piece dress crop blouses a turkish mosaic lamp diy kit and a party room .
if you are a lover of handmade things you can buy all the products from our site .
go rigor culture 's official shop is one of the best platforms to get russian embroidery and lace hardcover and import .
if you have seen or interacted with my two sister posts on here then thank you if u have n't and would like too then i 'll link them below but i 've got another q for y'all to help me w my art project ...
make you feel super gay just loving your lesbian life
makes you think of a lesbian partner/hookup/kiss/exchange of glances y'all know the ones e.t.c
have lyrics in that resonate with you being a lesbian
the netherwing drakes are my favorite dragon mounts they 're the ones that began it all .
i remember doing the dailies to get them it was work it was a slog but damn was it rewarding to finally have these colorful alien looking drakes .
i 'd love to see them get some recognition in a dragon-centered expansion .
hey i 'm trying to put together an investment play for the next few years .
78,000 salary wfh software development market is super hot right now
i do n't like the idea of renting i 'd rather put that towards a house but we all know how that market is at the moment .
i think the first thing i need to iron out is how much i can/should put towards a house and the timeframe for when that may be possible .
then just follow 1 2 3 above and save towards downpayment ?
other people on here have also recommended staying at home as long as possibe which i guess i could put up with .
when it gets to the time to actually move out i 'd still like to have some cash on hand for down payment so i should n't dump every last cent into 401k ira bonds right ?
i know lots of sites to download free icons stock photos and other design assets from but is there a site where i can download entire mobile mock-ups ?
workout app sleep app etc and that lets you download the original figma sketch etc source files ?
like a site like theme forest but instead of just web designs i need mobile app designs .
i 'm ok with paying if the quality is decent and the price not to high .
is there such a marketplace for free or premium mobile mock ups ?
asking as someone who knows how to code but could n't design a stick figure if my life depended on it
anyone receive the nba jersey promotion the advertised during the ny open ?
they have a no response on all contacts for them too
hi i 'm a sophomore psych major and i recently have rekindled my interest in law ... ?
i 've just been wondering what classes i should take to see if i can really handle the work and if it could be something i could actually pursue ?
this is my first 420 where i 'm actually not working lol .
but today was n't very good for me honestly .
😔 i 've been in a tough situation for a while now and today i tried to leave that situation so i￼ just truly hope that it stays that way and i can keep my peace .
but hopefully i can find my tribe soon now that i 'm finally freed .
i need to know been wanting this skin set for a while now just been wondering
i am so pissed by the ridiculous eth withdrawal fee and the end of the earn interest that i decided to close my account with you .
i am also closing my blockfi credit card that gave less reward than promise .
are there any tips tricks or routines you care to share ?
so uhh hmu if you like any of those things ?
or if you do n't message me anyway i 'm super bored lol
i ordered my cap and gown on tuesday and i 'm a little worried about how long it 'll take to ship .
looking for some help again we are doing a major soundproofing project and i want to remove the pink fiberglass and replace with safe n sound but i ca n't find any 5 1/2 for my 4x6 walls .
they are 4x6 as they are the condo party walls and i measured .
there is comfortvatt 6 but safe n sound only at home depot canada ...
yes we are also adding quietrock mlv furring strips either wood furring or actual isolation clip system tbd
so im trying to upload my collection of not on streaming songs to use with the streaming songs yet some of them annoyingly keep getting mismatched under the following scenarios
1. people illegally uploading demos unreleased songs onto itunes under false aliases this is a problem because these faceless fraudsters will be making money off of unreleased songs they have no entitlement to and are always much lower quality and often cut up compared to the far better files ive found online
2. alternative mixes different versions being wrongly matched for example different songs that were released through different projects with different mixing or instrumentation keep getting matched with the ones on apple music sometimes the differences being more noticeable than others yet still a ai error
ive tried to talk to apple support but they never seem to understand what im even on about which is annoying .
separating icloud music library and itunes match should n't be a hard ask when they keep causing problems in my library and listening experience .
there should be a option to turn it off somewhere yet still be able to use apple music across devices but i cant find anything .
has anyone found a work around or anything that works .
seems like the issue is being going on for years yet they keep thinking the fix is to carry on forcing broken ai onto people to scan and replace their files rather than giving people the option to choose to use their own .
hi everyone i 'm not sure if this is the right place to post this but i i 've run out of options and need help .
i have a dell inspiron laptop 15 5000 and it was working completely fine last night but when i got up this morning to go on the internet i noticed that it would n't connect .
when i pressed the wifi button no options would pop up except for the airplane mode .
obviously i was a bit confused so i hit the troubleshooting button and now it says the intel r wireless-ac 9560 adaptor is experiencing driver or hardware related problems
does anyone have a pack opening bot that can be used on ios as i have too many packs
i 've played 15 games today and every single one has had tarot cards as the cursed object .
i 'm guessing that today 's patch messed something up with the spawning either that or i have just experienced the most incredibly miniscule odds ever
ok so i just upgraded my bios from usb for a cpu upgrade and my pc has yet not properly restarted .
power is working all rgb is working but i get no screen signal .
also the aura sync rgb isnt working should be static blue but at default its been about 20mins what should i do ?
and if specs needed ryzen 5 3400g trying to make my ryzen 7 5700x work tho gtx 1660 16gb ram and mb drivers are gl10dh prob
anyone can quickly explain how to set up a trade between a friend which plays on the other platform ?
i 'm pretty close to trashing the few plants i have left because i can not get rid of gnats and have had this issue for over a year now .
here is what i 've tried not necessarily in order i also always keep sticky traps in my plants no matter what
not watering for long periods of time i wait til there is wilting
top watering with half a bt dunk for every half gallon of water bt bits in trays
they seem to come back in bigger numbers after every treatment i try and it 's to the point where they are in every room of my house even in rooms with no plants and i can no longer exist in my living room comfortably please send reinforcements and send every suggestion you have lol
ücretsiz şekilde stok fotoğraflardan yararlanabileceğiniz işinize yarayacak siteler için for useful sites where you can use stock photos for free
i listen to the music on youtube that i just add to my own playlist but many people that i get to know actually use spotify and share playlists to each other or just use the mobile app while working out in the gym .
i feel like a boomer as i missed the whole early spotify hype and now i see everyone using it talking about it or actually posting podcasts there .
ngl i actually do n't understand the idea of paying for the subscription if you can listen to the music on youtube .
it 's not a blame ofc but i 'd like to understand it a bit more that 's why i 'd like to ask you this question .
i heard there are many restrictions as free user especially adds might be annoying but seeing an insane interest about this application i 'm thinking about giving it a try .
i do n't upload my skins often if ever but i 've been told to upload this one on here .
everything except sounds are made by scratch from me .
hi everyone i recently just tested positive for hiv .
i live in a country where arvs are not available in pharmacies and are only provided by government monthly .
i have plans of travelling/immigrating outside my country in the future .
i 'm just really concerned where i could get/buy my meds if i plan to push through .
i have been having a menstrual cycle for about 9 years .
currently i have been on my period for the past 15 fucking days with no sign of it stopping soon .
this is very very usual for me because i really only ever experience very light and short periods 2-4 days with a gap of like 2-3 months in between them .
feeling incredibly in pain and sickly but that 's very normal for my periods .
anyways i 'm aware that this is a see a doctor '' situation but i 'm not really sure what doctor i need to see and how urgent the issue is .
the gyno in my town only one only takes appointments via call and i hate phone calls as i 'm hoh but also just anxious .
i also am kinda broke right now and my copay is pretty steep so if i can put off this appointment i would enjoy that .
i 'm no good at figuring out the difference between make a note of it mentally and see a doctor like a month later '' situations and please go to the er '' situations .
so i just started to play yesterday and it says i will receive a special log in bonus cause i started playing during an event but the event ends today so will i still receive those bonuses or not ?
my kids and i eat a lot of ramen noodle soups
i need suggestions on different things to put in ramen or different cheap things we can eat here from the motel with only a microwave
this list contains the simplest signup bonuses available without a deposit being required .
all of these offers take about 2 minutes to complete and require no money whatsoever !
strike 10 only need email and phone number join strike and earn 10 when you sign up and verify your account using code v6n5rc https invite.strike.me/v6n5rc https linktr.ee/bonusoffers
brandclub 16 complete all 3 tutorials on home page and link either an amazon walmart target or chewy account with active purchase history in last 6 months to get bonus .
try to link multiple accounts if bonus lags no deposit required !
webull 5 free stocks worth 27 9600 just for opening an account .
robinhood 1 free stock worth 5 200 just for opening an account and linking a bank to withdraw .
public 1 free stock worth up to 70 just for opening an account .
firstrade 1 free stock worth 3 200 just for opening an account !
https share.firstrade.com/jw9v4 https linktr.ee/bonusoffers bonus free stock if you deposit 100
getupside 9 off gas get up to .55¢/gal off gas in cashback when you sign up with code ea8dc .
9 off gas stacks with credit cards just add the card you buy gas with !
if you have any questions or issues pm us !
hello i wanted to know if for you taking a p500a with an nh-d15 is it really worth it in terms of cooling ?
because i do n't really like aios anymore because of the noise and thinking about it an aio in such a big case wo n't just be inefficient ?
i ask myself a lot of questions about the efficiency if it is useless you can advise me another black airflow box with or without glass and really incredible level of cooling i also have artic p14 if you find one with 140mm that would make me happy but it does n't matter
now we all know that onan in the book of genesis was put to death for wasting his seed on the floor after engaging in intercourse with his brother 's wife well i almost did something similar .
i try to be a good christian and follow the word of god almost to the letter but i saw this video of two stunning men frotting and i could n't take it .
i pulled out the lube with the video playing but my hand slipped and my meat crayon slammed against my phone screen closing the video and resuming dumpster baby .
when i heard bladee 's beautiful voice i realised the error of my ways and understood that bodily urges have to take a backseat as the lord ordered it so .
thank you bladee for keeping me on the right path 🙏🙏💖
they may provide a prepared funeral service as well as chapels for the ceremony .
they are important in the honoring of the deceased regardless of their cost .
lets take a look at the various types of funeral homes dayton ohio .
we provide the best healthy food plans weight loss program in gurgaon https anantawellness.in/healthy-food-plan-for-fitness-dietician-and-weight-loss-in-gurgaon at ananta wellness .
i know the following things erwin dies hange dies sasha dies mikasa kills eren at the end reiner is the armored titan and is an enemy eren commits genocide or at least tries to the whole titan thing is about a war between two nations eldia and marley that eren has a stepbrother named zeke existence of the founding titan and ymir fritz and a few other minor ones .
some of it i got spoiled by friends some of it i spoiled it to myself but as you can see it 's a lot of things .
do you think it 's worth continuing the series despite knowing so much ?
after i got spoiled that mikasa kills eren i could n't help myself and looked at other stuff like the marley thing and reiner i keep spoiling myself then i regret it but that 's beside the point .
now i feel like the magic is kinda gone from the show and the plot twists wo n't be as suprising .
i just bought benedetta from the fragment shop after getting myself beaten by some godly benedetta yesterday despite im using uranus so is there any tips/builds for her because hell im interested in using that hero because it seems that if you train using her hard enough it pays well
also is there any benedetta main youtuber so i can just watch them and train myself this weekend lol
everyone knows the traditional formula when it comes to adventurers and their opponents on the battlefield .
some utilize stealth and a poisoned dagger some weave magical spells and others rely on the old faithful sword and shield but no matter which armament you use the expectation is the same .
a battle of blood and sweat that ends with death or surrender of one party or another and no doubt ends in some degree of pain and injury for both parties by the time the dust has cleared .
but what if it did n't have to be that way ?
a new class of adventurer has been sweeping through the kingdom as of late .
the rumor is that the old knights rogues and sorceresses have some new competition dancers .
the name at first might seem silly after all how is dancing meant to defeat an enemy ?
blessed by the goddess of dance pleasure protection and fortitude the dancers of seducyia are a new breed of adventurers who are the first to utilize their bodies in a new way on the battlefield .
it 's true that other adventuring women wear skimpy battle armor and revealing robes in attempts to distract their opponents and create openings in their defense that can be exploited but this is a whole new level .
in a whirl of translucent cloth gyrating hips and alluring aphrodisiac-infused perfume a dancer of seducyia tempts her enemies past the point of restraint until they 're ravenously pouncing on the dancer with an overwhelming desire to use her body to relieve their pent-up balls .
like a venus flytrap that lures in its food the dancer of seducyia welcomes her enemies into her soft body and warm embrace .
and just as a flytrap feeds off its prey so does the dancer for her powerful magical seductive magics and charms are not totally free .
the only way for a dancer to refill her magical reservoir is through draining the life-force inherent in the sperm they drain from their foes .
the power bestowed upon the dancer by her goddess grants her several boons the most important of which is sexual fortitude .
she can take any amount of sexual punishment no matter how many foes she pleasures no matter how many thick desperate cocks stretch her holes and no matter how many mind-bending orgasms wrack her body .
by the end of the 'battle ' she arises coated in sweat and seed while her opponents lay passed out in a daze brought on by their own orgasm allowing her to loot them rescue their slaves or progress past them onto her real objective .
no blood only seed need be spilled when a dancer arrives on the battlefield .
dancers are also incredibly popular amongst the townsfolk of the kingdom as well for being delightful eye-candy with their revealing translucent clothing and physically fit bodies .
the bustling taverns cheer in exaltation any time a dancer strides upon the stage and entrances the people with her mesmerizing swaying hips soothing their souls and putting their minds at ease thanking their respective gods for being able to drink in such a sight .
not to mention that after a long day of sucking and fucking her enemies sometimes a dancer uses more magic than she gained back from slurping down seed making the tavern a perfect place for her to collect 'donations ' from the people to top her off .
kinks exhibitionism lots of cumplay excessive thick gooey cum erotic magic large/huge cocks monsters/beasts bukkake cum-drinking erotic dancing deepthroat futanari face-fuck ball worship anal cumflation all-the-way-through lewd armor/outfits erotic magical items transactional sex and more !
iam trying to help ppl with thier ee since i have done them all but i just hate firebase z ee steps soo annoying
hi i have a custom html email signature i created but i ca n't seem to get around the editor .
how do i set a totally custom email signature ?
i added the parts to trigger the timer satsuma is actually complete and it 's been about a full in-game week but the van still has not appeared .
i 've tried every position around the log held q/repositioned/the whole nine .
a while back i had an idea for what i thought might be a fun event .
you need to gather materials while at the same time fighting off waves of creatures .
when you finish repairing the roller coaster a mini boss appears with spawns and you need to defend the coaster from the boss destroying it .
once the event is complete you get the rewards .
but the roller coaster stays repaired for a while like maybe an hour or so .
anyone that comes to camden park can ride the coaster and doing so gets a buff for an hour .
rewards could include things like a tshirt and jeans outfit i survived the widow maker !
or a rare outfit of a clean mr fuzzy mascot .
or maybe some camp posters like they have around camden park .
maybe a rare food recipe to make your own hot dogs mad with real mongrel !
maybe it 's a way to put in a mod for the paddle ball weapon ?
and then i thought maybe they could do something like this with other events like one violent night ?
after you complete the event for a short time you can get some unique booze items that give a new kind of buff to it .
or even better you can go to the beer hall and party a little and get the buff .
a few other events could be upgraded like this .
after the event you can go and meditate and get a short term buff .
and it would n't interfere with any quests like the dailies at camden park .
any quest or daily would still be doable at these locations .
edit thanks for all the comments and feedback and conversation .
i 'm looking to take my girlfriend somewhere you can dress nice suit jacket no tie for a guy but not break the bank ... maybe under 50 bucks a plate ?
how many of yall are fed up and either moving out of state or purchasing rentals out of state ?
i could n't afford a place in california to save my life .
i bought a duplex in a southern state that is up and coming i used to live in this city for almost a decade .
i study and live in ca but realized trying to get a place here especially a dupe is out of the question .
friends and family here are crazy enough to have aspirations of purchasing a home in southern california but rent a place for 2k a month while raising a newborn and only one significant other works .
i do n't understand why people put themselves through so much heartache in this state when there are so many others that are beautiful and cheap .
speedway llc https redejobs.com/job.php ? j=619f370 p=13 s1=reddit s2=newyorkjobsforall retail cashier sales associate full time or part time https redejobs.com/job.php ? j=619f370 p=13 s1=reddit s2=newyorkjobsforall glen cove https redejobs.com/job.php ? j=619f370 p=13 s1=reddit s2=newyorkjobsforall
ocean state job lot https redejobs.com/job.php ? j=b8f0ba8 p=13 s1=reddit s2=newyorkjobsforall retail sales and stock associates https redejobs.com/job.php ? j=b8f0ba8 p=13 s1=reddit s2=newyorkjobsforall valatie https redejobs.com/job.php ? j=b8f0ba8 p=13 s1=reddit s2=newyorkjobsforall
hey guys here are some recent job openings feel free to comment here if you have any questions i 'm at the community 's disposal !
if you encounter any problems with any of these job openings please let me know that i will modify the table accordingly .
so i have this weird issue that the hud becomes offcenter in my nemesis to where the radar and the two info screens on either side or completely hidden beneath .
if i teleport out to another ship all is fine but the second i go back to the nemesis it happens again .
i have to log out of the game and back in to fix it but eventually it start happening again .
anyone else have this issue or know how to fix ?
we wo n't strain your time with aggressive deals of hearing tests in adelaide .
adelaide hearing is built upon your success so we aspire to achieve exceptional results that vastly enhance the lives of every client .
this gives us unrestricted access to a huge range of cutting-edge products so you receive unbiased professional advice that is focused on finding the perfect solution for your hearing test in adelaide https adelaidehearing.com.au/hearing-test-adelaide problems .
i 've had guinea pigs all my life 17 so i know basic care procedures and how to give them as much love as possible .
now i recently got a pair after not having for a couple of years and they settled right in !
we 've moved them to our outdoor area a large space we like to call piggie heaven and i got a call from a coworker saying one of hers passed away and if i could take on a rescue .
we recieved her pixie a few weeks ago and kept her in an indoor cage before we moved everyone outside .
she spoke to the other girls by boggling and was generally vocal .
yesterday we moved them all outside and the other two were quick to jump around and explore whereas pixie instantly burrowed and began shaking .
now i 'm just wondering what anyone thinks to do ?
i understand it 's only been a day for her to settle but she 's barely picked around and has n't even began exploring .
early in the game while repairing the disrepair on the bridge why does the witch have kratos manually push it from the vanheim tower position to the missing jotenheim tower position before we go to the travel room and travel to alfheim ?
hi i 'm looking for cc loafer pls comment down below if ur selling it !
i was just randomly discussing this with my family during the holiday visit .
apparently it 's very odd to not look at your toilet paper after taking a dump it 's just never occurred to me to do that .
honestly the idea of it grosses me out why would i want to bring a ball of shit paper up close enough to me so i can take a look ?
never had issues with skid marks or anything unless i actually shit myself which only happens every few months tops .
i 'm glad the vo-tech training he wants will be apart of highschool and he 's not advocating for more for profit vo-tech scam schools that defrauded the government targeted and screwed over tons of underprivileged young adults like myself .
stop looking at pussy 's and finally fuck some dating guide here https www.reddit.com/r/ratemypussy/comments/pl9ggu/how_to_find_girls_online_and_fuck_them_in_real
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ratemypussy if you have any questions or concerns .
wait so he knows he works for quality assurance here ? ?
republicans want to get rid of lgbt people and democrats think anyone who disagrees with them is a nazi
i like the dark mood this song has it makes me think of some kind of noir-western movie .
i do n't know if that 's what you were going for but it is cool .
weirdly i noticed a few moments where it seems like the tempo of the song fluctuates or you lose time playing your guitar it sounds like you recorded a real guitar and bass correct me if i 'm wrong .
i 'm not sure what the issue is because ableton keeps strictly to the tempo you tell it to play at .
a little bit of tempo variation can sound very great and natural when playing real instruments but here it interrupted the flow of the song too much for me .
i assumed ukraine hit it but the plane managed to fly back to russia .
they did n't attempt to land big planes like that after that .
circumventing this filter will result in a permanent ban .
if you or someone you know is considering suicide please view r/swresources for support resources .
message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole subject=/r/amitheasshole before attempting to resubmit your story .
resubmitting without approval will lead to a permanent ban no exceptions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
that bird is lucky to have found a kind soul .
i do n't think i have ever seen a team miss that many open shots in my life .
actually impressive we managed to brick that many open looks
i would n't say it 's vain since it 's absolutely necessary .
the main problem with existence is not evil but boredom and loneliness .
fair enough i dont really know any intersex people myself so i didnt know .
it 's pretty simple if you 're comfortable skiing very steep terrain you should be able to ascend it as well .
overall fitness is key to making the whole experience most enjoyable .
i saw you guys bouncing around on some other m150 posts !
this specific moment does n't get adressed but at least we got an episode about how men being sexually harassed is often overlooked in season 5 the lightbulb scene which makes up for it imo .
i 'm on the final mission right now just completing challenges with arthur i can check for you tonight
the smile on their face whenever they hit their english lines .
well with deer it 's kinda terrifying cause there acting so strange smacking into things charging at nothing and really really sad once you realize how much pain there probably in .
i have n't seen it in person but i 've seen some videos a guy i know took of one .
just like germany and europe who buys way more oil and gas than india .
they buy russia 's gas from pipelines running through ukraine as we speak now .
ukrainan blood spills on ground and underground russia gas flows to germany and europe .
do you have a regular bedtime routine for the toddler ?
like a solid 10-30 min sequence of events that directly leads up to you walking out of the room with them still in bed ?
it 's not a day 1 fix by any means but by day 5-7 it usually starts to have an impact .
beyond that it 's really tough for kids to transition from only to oldest '' child .
taking extra care to do special things just with them during the day can also help a bunch .
i was so tired i wanted to napalm the planet soooo i 'm glad no one tried to talk to me today
i also tend to minimise my suffering but it 's more because i know what i experience is too much for someone to hear and process and less because i do n't feel important or have value in the face of other people .
it looks the same but it is n't the same .
i do n't think i 've had the same experience as you when it comes to tired people haha .
and as for others ' resentment of tired people ... hmmm ... i 'm not sure i 've paid attention .
for a lot of people pet play is related to humiliation being less then human .
i 'd say 10 dollars over your local minimum wage or do n't do the deal .
id say it started when his react portions started growing fast .
if i ever seen a british motha fucka in the united states say mum i 'm gon na whoop their ass
a lot of our receivers tried to chest catch a lot this year and i 'm not really sure why .
it 's not something keenan did in past years .
it 's definitely the reason for all the drops though i do n't know if it 's a lapse in coaching or receivers trying to compensate for herbert fast balls but that shit has got to change this year .
wait how the hell after all these years did i never know he lived an hour from me ...
thing is they could have kept a giant galactic war even after episode 7 .
many new republic fleets would n't have been destroyed by starkiller and even those in the system would have been safe if they were n't near those planets destroyed .
the new republic could have been made weaker than the first order due to it and have big space battles the the nr is at a disadvantage but through good tactics and main character plot armour manages to win key battles .
it could have been cool but they just completely annihilatrd 100 of the nr to make a shitty version of the ot .
against undeveloped terror cells like we 've been fighting for 20 years with no anti air or advanced radar to speak of sure .
they can be tracked pretty much like any other aircraft .
and attack drones that can carry any significant armament are not exactly small .
they can monitor that shit just like the us can .
maybe a stealth drone can sneak through and put a few missiles down but then you 're talking about all the intelligence that russia has been able to gather on western weapons systems for decades .
they 'd know it was n't ukrainian and then it would actually be the west conducting a first strike against a major world power without a declaration of war .
it 's much better to use the western intelligence community to watch those convoys and relay that intel directly to the ukrainians .
that 's what i love about dr stone it 's not just pure comedy but has it 's touching moments .
suika and her glasses and the side story manga hit me right in the feels
you 'd think i 'd get less hate for reading the assignment .
the shelter said she was a shepherd husky mix .
her eye color makes me think she might have been husky .
she howled more like a hound than a husky .
her feet were not webbed but had long skinny toes like a german shepherd .
definitely really cool i liked it a lot as well !
speaking of netflix has anyone heard back from their internship program
it looks a bit more like an fnc to me .
but it does n't really matter the ar-70 i think and fnc for sure seem to borrow very heavily from the ar-18
not even a packed one or a costco during holidays ?
when i was like 5 i wanted to be an artist then at 10 i wanted to be a fashion designer then wanted to be architectural designer in highschool .
im still studying architecture but now i want to use the degree to eventually be an interior designer or production designer
i have no idea why people think they would only appeal to younger people .
that same girl pulled into my handicap spot this morning !
i think the eviction was quite a bit more complicated than that .
greninja is gone and m heracross ex might be pending .
will let you know about the reshiram charizard gx .
which one of the 3 variations were you wanting though ?
i get that especially since the grand prize second and third place winners are contractually obligated to become originals creators to receive their prize money .
the thought of landing in any of those spots terrifies me .
those comics put out 40-60 full-color panels every week !
it 'll take me 2 months to make a single episode that long !
ideally i land somewhere between 4th place and 10th cash prize but no contract .
realistically i wo n't place at all and the experience will be its own reward .
the choice is always yours to make but i think you should go for it .
at the very least it 'll be a great creative exercise and a way to grow .
if you need to step back for the sake of your mental health that 's also okay .
he just wants to hear it from their experience motuh for a sense of not being completely nothing to someone that 's everything to them
yes m.des can be a great option for aspiring designer or artist .
stay as positive as possible i know i know and know we 're all pulling for you here .
my s rank pardo with 3 star weapon and no signature stigma
once i was trying to help a coworker with an issue and i googled the error message and found a forum post with the exact same issue .
then i saw the screen name and realized it was my coworker haha
thankfully she was only partially scalped and most of it was along the hairline but there are still scars .
that dog got a bullet in its head that day grandma was n't going to spend the money to get it put down humanly after what it just did to my aunt .
i 've never had a string of turtles before !
i do n't understand who thought it was such a good idea to put the architect of 2017 in the broadcast booth .
because op doesnt base his opinions off of popular youtubers
your comment is so pathetic i 'm running a 15k later to raise awareness for it
i did the 10k in 48:06 which i should be pretty happy about but i 'm slightly pissed that i did n't push it a little harder to break 48 .
the user who is banned can not make a post or comment in the community but they can direct message you .
whenever you make a buying post you 'll be bombarded with direct messages please make sure not to deal with anyone who does n't comment on your post .
avoid dealing with anyone if the deal seems too good to be true or the user has pretty new reddit account .
use our middleman service so both parties are safe and seller does not run away with the money
all the mm deals will be done on reddit itself and not on discord because of impersonators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/clashofclansaccounts if you have any questions or concerns .
both the chinese and indian traditional vaccines have been dismal failures .
sinovac had like 50 efficacy against symptomatic infection and has recently been show to produce no neutralizing antibodies against omicron when administered on its own .
feel better when i 'm balls deep inside ur asshole pumping an grindi g u
i dislike the 2 combat system for a single reason you can not auto attack while moving i love 1 and x 's systems for the simple reason that i do n't have to sit there and do nothing for my arts to charge up i can move around and dodge attacks because i do n't feel that i 'm being useless to the team while moving .
an easy copy of keel wing and some changes to rear brakes for cooling purposes .
i guess the weight reduction has reduced the oversteer which reduces tyre deg .
i 'm old enough to remember when saying women wo n't be able to do their jobs because of periods '' was an incredibly sexist thing to even suggest .
one set of parents wo n't believe they are fucking unless they see them do it .
the other wo n't believe they are n't fucking unless they are in sight at all times .
i would recommend not going to a chain that you can get in any other large city .
the recommendations for mass ave and fountain square are the best .
it is sad to read what a person thinks life is like is not close to reality .
dude you 're the only one pushing gender identity on kids with how obsessed you are with trans people
he just stated that inumaki 's usage of the technique was extremely impressive because it 's difficult to control the ability with pinpoint accuracy after he used the technique .
unless you 're basing it off of the fact he grabbed his throat for like half a second after he used the ability which could mean something as simple as it gave him a dry throat .
he had no backlash when he told uro and ryu to not move '' who are clearly stronger than a bunch of fodder spirits .
tell me you do n't know f1 without telling me you do n't know f1
thats an asshole that deserves to be ate after anal 👅👅👅
if it helps the royal mile is absolutely jam packed every august with comedians actors and other artists as well as actual street performers handing out fliers advertising their show .
like jam packed and you ca n't go from one end to the other without getting absolutely hounded by fliers .
so lying on the ground seems like a cool and original not like the other artists '' move which three groups totally thought was genius .
i found this topic of yours some time ago and i was feeling just like you .
obviously after 3 years i was n't going to respond until i saw your comment from a few days ago mentioning you 're playing elden ring ...
i think it 's funny because it seems like a transition to me .
before i liked all kinds of games nowadays i just like to play soulslike or stalker i think it 's their different style that made me fall in love and play just that style .
honestly i do n't see myself playing the other styles again maybe just a few exceptions like god of war red dead redemption 2 hollow knight .
i actually got the s 2 seconds after i hit post .
i 'll hold on to it for you for the best storage
r/onlyfanssmallgirls is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanssmallgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
lol they didnt say it would take 8 more weeks .
they said they have stopped taking new submissions for 8 weeks to catch up
if i hit 200 before 2pm i 'd keep going to see if i could hit 300 hell 400 .
you are a heretic if you think there are fallen
imagine being worried about new worlds economy being ruined 😂
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jerkofftoceleb if you have any questions or concerns .
go as far as you can into the game without spending any attribute points and only using non-lethal takedowns .
when the need arises hack something to distract enemies or throw a knife near the enemy to distract them .
is there ever going to be a restock of the hg arx-7 arbalest ver .
i only got into gunpla fairly recently so i 'm unfamiliar with how often kits go completely out of stock and are never seen again vs how often they restock when sold out everywhere .
all places except ebay i guess seem to be completely sold out of all things full metal panic .
i put alerts on the two model kits i want arbalest and laevatein back in september on a few sites and as of yet have not gotten any notifications .
the laevatein seems to have 2 left on amazon for 50 mark up but i seem to be sol for the arbalest .
i really do n't want to spend double or triple the price to get the kits from ebay but realistically are they ever going to be in stock again ?
i accidentally throw my speedo at sea when doing delivery from nightclub.it was out shore delivery .
han solo stepped on a stick and caused the fall of the galactic empire .
that 's why you should always order from vegan restaurants if there are any in your area .
i used to think that a dry sponge was a dying dehydrated spongebob so i would immediately soak it in water and wait for him to thank me for saving his life .
the title reminds me of the portal from this is how we trip hahaha
downvotes for making an obscure half baked movie quote .
it is a huge buffet of dumbass drivel but my favorite is election was stolen '' .
the idea that gop in az and ga colluded with fbi homeland security ag barr all controlled by trump in 2020 and dnc to steal the election ... !
like how fucking stupid conservatives are to believe this nonsense ?
is this the one with a tik tok account always posting how doug ford is doing so much for the province .
while i 'm south asian as well a huge queen fan myself and understand where you 're coming from freddie would 've likely not considered himself to be ethnically south asian .
he was part of an ethnic minority the zoroastrian parsi ppl who generally consider themselves ethnically irani/persian and still remain separate from the general south asian population even though theyve been in south asia for hundreds of years .
i know members of this minority group personally and most were ok with rami male 's casting though some would 've preferred an actor of irani descent because they thought a specifically parsi actor would n't be feasible .
or get downvoted a shit ton of you make a joke to a bunch of salty sports fans when their favorite team sucks .
asia has its own issues with so many countries being involved in high-tension situations that could snap at anytime .
i understand ukraine 's sentiment but triggering another military conflict and having this evolve into wwiii is in none of our interests .
level 3 's have always and always will be better than most players
if you were open to those possibilities you would be able to say i see that statistically mentally ill people are not more violent '' or sometimes people do rush to excuse unjustified or unpredictable violence as a key symptom of mental illness '' but instead you just rushed into tearing apart his attempt to back up his point with material by saying he 's not a psychologist himself or whatever .
you 're silly i 'm aware of logical fallacies .
and your logically flawed as i was n't using that to support any argument i made .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
got a samsung s22 but the phone is laggy and the battery is n't all that great so i wanted to see if i could exchange it for the iphone 13 since they are the same price only had the s22 since last friday .
also im trading my old iphone x in for 800 so can that just cover the iphone 13 as well ?
i have debilitating anxiety and i also play a travel sport .
when my anxiety is bad i throw up shake and my whole body goes numb .
today i skipped practice due to this and my parents are so mad at me and they are refusing to talk to me .
i feel horrible for not going but i cant calm myself down no matter what i do .
i have a family member in town for a visit .
she has celiac disease and loves sushi i was wondering if anyone had any recommendations for some sushi restaurants that we can try !
i looked through post histories and nothing answered my question .
new to the game but i 've cleared sheriff and warlord .
started new playthrough but i have n't received my warlord shipment ?
i just posted something on soundcloud for the first time and i noticed this function that the site provides where it masters your track for around 5 .
does anyone here use this and do you guys think this is a worthy investment ?
the lexicanum youtube channel has a new video about the space marine legions .
mostly a question directed towards catholics and orthodox since none of them that we know of were christian and persecuted christians pretty openly is it presumed that they are all very likely in hell ?
of course some miracle could have saved their soul but not that we know of .
we are currently doing heroic fd and t2/t3 soo raids .
for sure t3 once merged as we 're completing it now in about 6 days .
we 're friendly and understand life is a priority but we also enjoy the game and work towards our common goals .
send me a message if interested and we can discuss it !
as an alternate option we 're also looking for 10ish people to join us instead so if you 're interested in t3 and joining our club send me a message !
did a google search but could n't find any results .
i use multiple pairs of headphones with different sound signature daily .
if i keep it to same pair for days my ears will adjust to it and i feel that they sound good but if i am switching back and forth i feel like all of them are trash and it takes time to accommodate again .
is this happening to y'all or is it just me ?
edit i use galaxy buds live when i am outside inhouse i use hd599 for mastering and a pair of ath-ls50 for casual listening .
i mainly ask because i have heard tales of estrogen and spiro lowering people 's sex drive .
and while that was the case for the first few months for me all of a sudden it has absolutely gone through the roof and i 'm honestly struggling with it .
we are the leading industrial lift cabin manufacturer and exporter india .
our range of industrial lift cabin exporter products is manufactured with high quality material ensuring its flawless working and robust construction .
we manufacture industrial lift cabin in accordance to our customer 's requirements and specifications .
our range of industrial lift cabin exporter products is compact and capable enough to accommodate passengers as well as goods .
sturdy construction is done while manufacturing industrial lift cabin in order to meet functional requirements of various industries .
apart from high speed and functionality these industrial lift cabin manufacturer products are available in economic prices .
our organization has successfully expanded its business in market owing to the offered elevated quality array of industrial goods lift .
it is manufactured using excellent quality raw materials and latest technology by our adroit professionals .
the entire assortment is widely used in construction automotive and garage service electrical and power service telecommunications manufacturing inventory management wire and cable industries painting and other applications .
sk elevators is a leading provider of industrial elevators solutions .
our industrial elevators are designed to withstand harsh outdoor environments and meet your most difficult applications .
we provide industrial elevators constructed from the highest quality materials that can be constructed to meet any height requirement and installed in virtually any structure to provide safe efficient vertical transportation for service personnel tools and equipment .
industrial elevators are designed to withstand the elements of heavy-duty industrial and commercial use our elevators are an ideal solution for temporary or permanent settings .
their elegant and simplistic design does not require a hoistway or machine room making service and maintenance much lower than traditional hydraulic or traction elevator solutions .
our comprehensive product line of industrial elevators is available in a variety of platform dimensions with capacities ranging from 650 to 10,000 lbs. and lifting speeds up to 300 ft/min .
sk elevators industrial freight elevators are also available in explosion-proof designs that meet required safety codes .
all our lifts are manufactured to comply with industry standards .
choose from our inventory of reliable industrial elevators when you need to safely move personnel and materials during daily maintenance inspections turnarounds and outages .
dave navarro https www.lezeto.com/dave-navarro is the founder of the american rock band ‘jane 's addiction . '
he is also a songwriter singer and guitarist in america .
to sum it up navarro is the leading guitarist in the entertainment industry .
moreover his fans and fellow musicians appreciated his great work .
looking to spice things up either with wife playing solo and i watch for mfm .
how do i set the combobox property for defaultselecteditems based on what i did below ?
i am updating my sharepoint list via the update property in a datacard using this
how do i set the combobox property for defaultselecteditems based on what i did above ?
i am using a separate sharepoint list for the controlled vocabulary of the combobox
i am a software engineering student ive dealt with loads of computer problems throughout the years however i cant seem to solve this one .
i run a two-monitor setup for my laptop the primary monitor being its in-built monitor the other one an external 24in monitor .
my windows license expire yesterday so i used kms to solve that issue .
however since rebooting the device yesterday the primary screen would just be black no cursor after booting .
while booting the lenovo logo would appear so i ruled out the possibility of a hardware issue that just leaves some kind of os error .
when i use the duplicate '' option for my two-monitor setup the primary still doesnt work but the secondary works normal but when i use extend '' the primary still doesnt work and the secondary shows a black screen with a cursor .
i will be forever thankful to the soul which resolves this .
ims ghaziabad university courses campus is one of the top college to pursue bca program https www.vingle.net/posts/4405688 .
top career options after bca degree are higher education data scientist digital marketing cyber security etc .
password is c259 place summon sign at church of elleh
i want to say my boyfriend is a great dad .
i want to say he is an attentive partner .
he is a good person but i do n't feel loved rn .
and when i do it 's because i know that 's his love language .
he helps when i ask but why do i have to ask ?
i 'm overwhelmed and overestimated because of the overwhelming need of a 10 month old .
his sleep schedule is wild just everywhere he should 've been to sleep at no later than 12 .
it 's 4:37 from 12 to 2:34 i sat and tried to breast feed or better yet be used as a goddamn binki just because i decided i wanted to breast feed .
why did i put him in bed with me ?
why did i decide that it was a good idea to bedshare .
switching to a crib makes me want to run away .
i ended up putting my little one in his crib and just kept laying him down he would n't stop crying and screaming .
it 's better than him staring wide eyed while attatched to my nipple falling in and out of sleep teasing me taunting me .
i know nothing he is doing is intentional and i know he is just a baby and it 's normal .
i 'm so selfish which is why i did n't want a baby originally .
now that i have him i literally ca n't be without in a good and bad way .
why do i feel bad when i get one .
why does he get to sit and play on his game while i want to melt away from here .
why do i have to be the one who solely deals with him ?
he is such a good baby but i am so selfish and not cut out to be a mom .
i ca n't do it it is too hard .
it 's not attractive to be everything he is being .
and anything he does i thank him why you may ask ?
because if not what if he wo n't do it again .
please please please if there are any people going to give advice do n't i ca n't stand it .
right now i 'm not sure is the name the item that some bosses give you to exchange for some weapon on the round table .
i 'll lose them when i start a ng or simply i 'll be stacking them ?
hello everyone i have a quick question chrome os flex reqs are 16gbs of storage i have my bootable usb to install the os and i plug an other 64gb usb to intall it on but i tells me i cant i have tried fat32 exfat ntfs basically all.if anyone would help i would honestly appreciate it .
are you allowed to deploy skull bombs if they do n't hit anything without invalidating the street fighter run or is it invalidated as soon as you deploy one ?
was watching a review/first impression video on linus tech tips of kia ev6 .
where he mentions that it only has wired android auto .
then i remember that here in india hyundai and kia 's high end cars also do n't have wireless android auto .
like kia seltos hyundai creta do n't have wireless android auto even in their top end trim but renault kieger which costs less than half as much than both of the above has wireless android auto .
so was wondering if kia and hyundai have some legit reason to exclude wireless android auto or are just cost cutting even when customer is paying for top end trim .
sofi 25 easy sign up bonus just fund 10 within 5 days !
takes less than 5 minutes to sign up and fund your account !
you will be able to instantly withdraw the 25 bonus !
if you have any questions or issues pm us !
i like to add a custom banner with the project name .
to make the startup look better and it indicates which project that is running .
but my colleague does not like it he wants to see the default spring banner and arguments that is unprofessional to include a custom banner .
so we know that aternos isnt adding bungeecord for many reassons and either likely exaroton but what if i host the proxies from my house ?
i was only going to do a short session today but noo had to waste 30 minutes on this minigame .
well 30 minutes of gameplay real time was a lot of waiting because retrying takes way too long and if you accidentally quit it takes even longer .
i got two whole levels just retrying this stupid thing !
and i hear there 's an even harder one down the line ?
since i was little i 've always wanted to have a special mask or something that automatically provides me 24/7 clean air to breathe even when i 'm in a heavily polluted area .
now thinking about it does n't sound like a bad idea .
it would be nice to not to get short of breath or have an attack when i come into contact with second hand smoke or chemicals instead of pulling out my inhaler with my spacer evrytime .
idk that 's just me i 'm weird but i 'm ok with that lol
i know writing a fic is n't easy and you wo n't get everything right but this is one if the things i wish they would be better at .
specifically in fics where ned and catelyn are still alive or jon is told the truth early .
that jon always forgives ned and catelyn too easily .
one of them ned was ready to send him off my apologies he actually just did n't disuade him .
though i can bet he would have done everything he could to make this jon 's only choice other than perhaps going across the narrow sea to essos and becoming a sellsword to what amounts to a frozen penal colony just to keep the realm safe from war '' as one fic i read a long time ago puts it .
he just did n't want to choose between his nephew and his best friend now king .
he knew how robert was when his father announced his betrothal and i doubt he made a peep of protest when it was announced .
while lyanna is n't some heavenly saint for going off with rhaegar and thinking it would be all good robert is n't smelling of roses either .
true people can change but trying to change robert from going around making bastards with every beautiful and willing female and breaking lyannas heart if she actually tried to give the marriage a chance would have been an uphill battle .
that marriage would have been doomed from the start .
but yes ned denying jon the chance to choose if he wanted the throne or not while simultaneously keeping the truth of his heritage as he goes off to freeze his ass off for the rest of his life is something i if i were jon would take years to forgive him for .
it would be more forgivable if he actually tried to foster him with another noble family and give him a small castle or keep to hold and make him start a cadet branch .
fics brush this off by going on the oh it will anger catelyn hoster tully and the riverlands . ''
because it will somehow put jon in the succession if all his trueborn siblings die .
bitch please ned stark is warden of the north .
what he does with the lands under his control is his own damn perogative and seeing as robert does n't know the truth at the time and is neds best buddy if hoster started shit like threatening war or trade sanctions just because ned wants to give his still bastard '' son a place to grow his own family possibly under another bannerman like the karstarks or umbers all he 'd have to do was send a small letter to robert detailing what the fuss was all about and you can bet that another letter would be sent to riverrun from kings landing asking where hoster wanted his grave to be .
again fics go ned did n't want to kick up a fuss it would bring too much attention to jon . ''
dear lord excepting for maybe varys and if you 're going with show varys he would n't have said anything nobody in westeros is a damn cia agent .
jon and arya are straight up starks to the bone when it comes to looks .
jon more so as everyone just sees ned or rickard in some fics when they look at him .
robert would look at him all day and just see ned as he was in the vale .
a lot of options were open to ned when it comes to jon .
no she never abused jon in the books not physically at least like in some fics .
truthfully if she had i think ned sending her away back to riverrun would be the least of what he would have done to her if she laid hands on lyannas son as a child
but she sure as hell made sure to know he was little but dirt beneath her shoes no doubt .
and what she told jon when he came to see bran it should have been you .
heck if ned had heard her i think he would have slapped her hard !
but when the truth comes out jon just say how her understands and forgives her '' in most of these reveal fics .
in these fics endgame is jon x daenerys jon x margaery jon x arianne or whoever else .
you ca n't tell me that at that point the riverlands while they wo n't suffer will probably be ignored in favour of the other kingdoms .
well his wife who is madly in love with him wo n't really like the woman who treated him like shit and while she ca n't physically harm catelyn ca n't find other ways to hurt her like sidelining her homeland when in comes to royal favour gifts important positions etc .
unless it 's jon x sansa and she 's trying to persuade him otherwise you can bet the riverlands would pay for catelyns mistake .
after knowing the truth i doubt jon would graciously forgive her but at the very least give her the same cold shoulder and treatment she gave him treat her advice and suggestions as trash etc not forgiving her at the drop of a hat .
but simply i hope that fic writers make him less forgiving of the two .
i 'm a massive cum and big cock slut and i love it when guys treat me like it when they talk to me .
i 've let loads of cocks in my ass both human and animal and even shemales .
if you want to ask me questions about all these cocks i 've taken and where i 've taken then just msg my kik and i will answer them .
i do n't send pics so please dont ask .
i 'll be the reason you smile when he 's not looking ... tell you all the rough things we 'll do .
send you pics late at night that 'll make you want more .
i wan na give you that attention you crave and take care of you .
we could make a game out of it 😏 bonus points if you have daddy issues it 'll be our secret..
at the moment it is in the experimental phase but this type of maritime turbine is achieving what has been tried for years .
the seas occupy 70 of the land and their conditions are good for obtaining energy from the waves .
this offshore turbine which opens and closes according to the conditions makes a turbine move as in wind blades .
s can open or close 160 degrees for better adaptation and generation .
i hope this turbine comes to commit its mission since they have been looking for years how to transform the energy of the waves .
i look forward to your doubts questions and comments .
this is your last chance to get this book at its reduced price !
a bounty hunter that can not kill must face arrival that he does not expect while also facing his morality at the same time !
i also plan on checking out an additional rave .
i have bought tickets to see illenium on may 19th at omnia .
are there people who go to these events by themselves ?
the show starts at 10:30pm but i 'm not planning on staying longer than 2 hours .
i just want to check out the vibe and atmosphere .
if i 'm going alone i need to be very aware and thoughtful of myself and others .
i avoid talking to any females to avoid coming off as some creep .
i mostly talk to guys at these events and we have lots of positive interactions and conversations .
i 'm taking all the home teams fuck it ... risking a small 100 ... no biggie if it do n't hit ... ... so please do n't troll ..
i 'm registered for a 60mi gravel event this weekend .
current longest ride is 42mi on gravel and i 've been averaging 3 rides/45 miles/4hrs per week for the last couple months .
obviously preparation is what it is at this point .
what do you wish you knew for your first event ?
i have but never really played ds3 on my drive .
having not put any time into ds3 or ds at all what am i going to hate going to this game ?
i was finally able to bind my vpn to qbittorrent in my synology via docker and i feel i could put the nas to good use 24/7 if anyone has an extra invite feel free to ping me .
please let me know if you 're selling one !
so i 'm watching through the walking dead for the second time after finishing the season in which at least as far as i can remember rick dies i watched that season shortly after the season had been released on netflix and then stopped for a while and recently decided to start the series over
and i 'm shocked i was at a loss for words until i looked into it a little to find out why .
spoiler for those who do n't know do n't remember this episode specifically .
tyreese gets bit shortly after following a distraught noah who insisted on seeing what became of the rest of his family into his old house .
by the end of the episode we see rick and the gang burying tyreese .
in my opinion this was the worst way anyone died in the series excluding the literal slow and painful deaths although i 'm sure the injuries tyreese sustained hurt like a b**ch i 'm not convinced he was in more pain in his final moments then anyone else in the series .
i 'm talking more about how the writers could have a killed tyreese in a more epic fashion or during/after doing something heroic and they did n't rather they had noah 's little brother who somehow got out of the room he 'd been stuck in for god knows how long and sneaking up on tyreese who was n't paying attention then biting him .
after looking into it i found that the writers knew fans were far too endeared to tyreese in there words .
and decided to kill him to give us an impactful reminder of human life .
and while they 're not wrong and especially with what the show is it is certainly an except-able move to make however i believe it should have been someone else the death should have come later or like i said his death should have been far more epic and/or heroic .
and they just killed beth in the episode prior for crying out loud .
and i was definitely endeared to her as i 'm sure many other people were not only that but she was maggie 's sister and very close and connected to other members of the group .
what do you mean we need a reminder of the value of human life we just got one 40 minutes ago or however much time was in between the release of episode 8 and 9 for those of you who were lucky enough to watch the show as each episode was released .
📷 pepper 's 📷 open or spots ptaylor prolinkstaff.com text or call 📷 513.428.1727
manteca ca 5085 on 40 hours 8x5s days 4 weeks
memphis cvor 5288 on 40 hours 4x10s am 4 weeks
az 4702 on 40 hours am and mid 4 weeks
az 5571 on 48 hours am and pm 4 weeks
i am on eastern time i am working off and on through this evening to help get these spots filled .
i tried my best to get the music down into the notes this is the best i could do
orc along with a number of like minded corporations are resigning their membership in genesis federation in the next few hours .
we have stood with genesis federation through many wars .
despite negative opinions of others we have fought proudly and with our heads high because we believe that corporations should give 100 for their team .
though we also believe that the team has responsibilities to the individual corporations and pilots .
we have long been aware of specific institutional biases within genfed and made our best efforts to change the climate from within .
unfortunately we no longer believe genesis can fulfill it 's basic purpose to corps/pilots or hope to move forward with the speed necessary to make meaningful change .
we are incredibly grateful for the opportunities we have been afforded and most of all for the relationships made and what we built together as a family .
additionally outside of gen we have friendships and relationships within all major groups in eve .
those connections are based on mutual respect and we appreciate those that have checked in on us we value those friendships also we at orc feel our path forward will be best for the game our corporations and our players to forge a new alliance from the ashes .
we have collectively stood with honor dignity and a spirit of goodwill for those seeking pvp this will be the foundation of this brethren 's court
as we form this alliance we take with us no enmity or bad blood for past grievances or actors that have held ill will towards us specifically or towards genfed .
we will make our fresh start forward by the skill and effort of our corporations and pilots and carve out our place in the galaxy .
fly fast die often and leave a beautiful kill board
things are heating up ... . notifications would be nice if they sent one warning that the app is n't working correctly 🧐
this is the last weapon i need in the game .
if you have one and do n't want to part with it i will gladly dupe it and return it to you .
can give lord runes any weapons at any level mule dupe etc .
i say wilson andrew johnson and either hoover or peirce for worst .
believe in god 's timing because he has a perfect plan for your life .
i invite you to pray this short prayer with me .
a place for members of r/reklamkafasi to chat with each other
met someone new at work today who just started and did n't know me before transition .
they seemed genuinely surprised when i mentioned i was a trans woman .
i guess face masks basic voice training and a dress go a long way 😅
i 'm using the strava api and can successfully create and update activities .
i am wondering if it were possible to add a gpx map and times in the polyline format strava uses to an activity so it does n't just look like a manually entered activity ?
i just bought a lot of used nerf wich included a rebelle revolution but i noticed that the quiver mechanism at a certain point does n't work anymore unless turned manually and then start working again .
like a precise point of the quiver something does n't work and if skipped manually it start again until reach the same point .
i 'm not new to open and fix a blaster but here is new ground for me any advice for fix it ?
with the anniversary event going the grind was there the last few days .
since i am scared of missing something important i just wan na ask whether i have covered the major parts
got all the anniversary weapons i want both the event ones and the special requirement '' one
in case there is anything i am missing i would love to know !
in case anyone else has a thing for doll houses and some money to burn the rainbow high house is currently 99 bucks on amazon .
one random stranger said something about another random stranger and i have opinions !
well magnus takes skill now ca n't abuse broken shard anymore .
you miss the shots you do n't take this video proofs it
i am coming from a non computer science background .
that 's my reason for doing the masters and not a bachelor 's .
i am not so big on research and so i do care about getting a job in the industry .
which is why i chose rit the ms program .
is there also any way to connect to alumni in se ?
i 'd like to get know their experiences too .
rest with a bitchy look on my face oh to be able to get paid for this
if you thought luigis mansion was hard you are not going to like super mario sunshine .
especially when you know what is going on and remember what you read !
you got ta wait for those logs to burn down into coals before you cook on them .
det låter bra och väldigt svenskt att vara försiktig med såna extrema saker .
samtidigt har jag inte bott i ditt huvud och känt som dig och tycker väll generellt att folk som inte skadar andra och är vuxna får göra som dom vill .
så lycka till världen är stor oavsett vart det bär av .
köper verkligen inte usa romanticismen men har man bara pengar frågar dom nog inte två gånger att ta dom så kanske blir perfekt .
damn as another redditor pointed out in this thread that slot is cursed .
physiologically if you are uncomfortable or feel threatened your labor will not progress .
it 's the same instinct that makes a deers labor stall if they smell a predator .
your husband is the father but he is not the one physically pushing out a child .
first off 36k saved on a 37k salary and no debt .
♡︎ ︎message me or visit my etsy shop 2 get started .
but he said traders would be locked for 5 days .
so unless it 's next thursday which would n't make sense with the 4/28 stuff it does n't add up .
oh how i 'd love you to sit on my face and force your pp in my throat 😍
zay while obviously having a rough upbringing and certainly dealing with racism is pretty volatile and is probably not a great partner in general or compared to rae .
in fact it seems apparent that either rae 's timid personality was a bad match for zay or she learned to be timid and avoid sharing her honest thoughts and feelings due to his volatility .
rae is n't a saint of course but i can picture how their dynamic came about .
your submission has been automatically removed as you are 34 and do not meet the age requirement 35 for submitting to this group .
you may want to consider checking out and posting to the following as they are open to men of all ages 18
all of your posts will continue to be automatically removed .
you may still comment on others posts but please be aware to follow the rest of the rules else risk being banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadsgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
i feel at peace be sadly i got about 45 minutes to play by myself before my sister comes home from middle school and we have to share the computer .
oh my ... .where exactly do you think the black population of the caribbean originated ?
have you considered that there may have been a single reason for black people being in america and the caribbean ?
perhaps this is a good time to look into how big the slave trade was .
it was n't a few isolated cases the current wealth of your country and most of europe was based on slavery to a large extent .
i spoke to my dietician and surgeon and they both said as long as i do n't experience any pain nausea or throwing up to continue progressing with my diet .
i 've been really lucky to have a very fast recovery .
to me if someone if brutally murders a bunch of people whilst insane and they gets better and are no longer are troubled they should go to jail .
mental illness does n't wipe the slate clean of the consequence of taking innocent lives .
if an anarchic ideology retains those are elements is it really anarchy ?
using a term to refer to your beliefs does n't make it accurate .
calling democratic socialism anarchy '' is just dilution of the word .
good luck i 'm not even sure this is an m4 .
as far as the shop return some might not even take it .
i 'm sorry this happened to you best chance is to find that spring that you 're missing .
i am commenting on the wisdom and fairness of blocking multifamily from huge chunks of the waterfront and it 's role in our housing crisis .
fun fact there is an apartment at 1677 hollywood crescent but in the 1970 's all the area mansion owners got it downzoned so only another mansion is allowed on that lot if it ever burnt down .
basement and garden suites also exceedingly rare only 75 applications are a completely inadequate response to our housing crisis and barely worth mentioning when discussing how incredibly unfair multifamily bans are .
he was n't credited as producer he was a producer .
as producer on set he was responsible for what was going on .
he knew there was no armorer on set that day because there was no scene that called for it .
why are you so dead set on defending a man whose negligence killed a woman ?
at the very least make a legitimate argument instead of being an asinine clown .
you started this by screaming about your bullshit politics but once it was clear that american politics mean nothing to a european your argument if it can even be called that utterly evaporated .
you 're making a fool of yourself by spouting nonsense in the face of facts attested to by the crew that witnessed the shooting .
you 're a kid but that does n't mean you are lesser than anyone else .
can i lick it off your hot balls you are sexy
report to the credit bureaus and this might help poor people access credit
okay so the pt-01 is a lower end turntable and is n't known for handling 180g vinyl well .
also the belt is known to have issues with wow and flutter .
i hate just saying get a better turntable '' since i dont know your situation i would suggest avoiding playing modern records that weigh 180g these are noticeably heavier than other records if you hold your awaken my love record and compare it to an older record you should notice the difference in weight as this turntable likely will damage them .
and if you can get underneath the platter try making sure the belt is lined up parallel to the platter .
if you do n't disrespect other people 's property and only stick to seeing what they actually wanted to show you then you would n't have found the pictures that were not meant for you .
does she have a neurological condition where she processes things differently ?
do you have a right to disrespect her privacy because of this ?
are you entitled to know everything she does on her phone ?
learn to treat her with the respect she deserves as an adult .
lmao at the idea that a transvaginal ultrasound feels like sex .
the issue is that some people are just naturally stupid .
if they are exposed to racist propaganda they are likely to adopt it as their rhetoric .
even if you are able to rationally discern disparate viewpoints that can hardly be said about many .
our sun 's the best imo even if it 'll end earth one day far far in the future
if you think this post is funny upvote this comment !
if you think this post is unfunny downvote this comment !
kevin would also like to remind you that if you 're really desperate youtube-dl can be used to download videos from reddit .
whilst you 're here gladwin4 why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/qpbgxd2guu ?
i 'm no raptors fan but i serve the mission of memes .
as tech we have pts and ourselves wash hands and wipe down services between pts .
i still have n't played it even once so i would n't care though they wo n't delete it there 's no real reason for them to cut it out entirely it 'll just not see any more support like what happened with firestorm .
beating the orphan of kos was exhilarating tough and anxiety-inducing .
but the bloodletting beast had me panicking backpedaling and erratic in no time flat .
i 'm surprised that so many believed her in the first place .
i google these and yea the affair thing is fucked up bathroom thing is fucked up cause he never apologized and the recording might 've been an accident and the nft thing is a personal choice with little benefits for players idk how that 's bad unless i misses something .
honestly did n't like him much but a little less now .
were there any people in there that you felt a special compassion that maybe they were on the fringe of needing to be in there and that the longer the stayed the more detrimental it would be to them ?
my buddy plays with me and gets pissed about dying so damn much cus he runs out into a field dies and yells fucking hacker every time
i 'm not sure if everyone shares the same opinion but twitch still offers the better experience .
twitch chat is much more live '' than youtube chat .
twitch uses live websockets and youtube still does http polling .
it might be a scaling issue for youtube i 'm not sure .
there were a lot of jokes about it not too long ago in the ryan reynolds movie free guy '' a bunch of youtubers star in the movie livestreaming '' the game '' .
because it 's youtubers and/or sponsor reasons the youtube page with the youtube logo is shown .
not sure 🥲 i wish it were out now .
in the future just know you could have bought an external hd for much much cheaper
knowing him i would get stitches if i did that
yes it is possible but you have to use the shortcuts app and airplay the content to the apple tv .
how do you know he 's liking these posts ?
if you go looking be careful what you find .
say hello and add a friendly comment to another user 's post on the sub while you wait for someone to comment on your post !
you 're also more than welcome to join our official discord https discord.com/invite/9uudpwbftk to find friends !
when someone contacts you review their profile before responding .
help us make this a better community by becoming familiar with the rules https www.reddit.com/r/makenewfriendshere/about/rules .
report any suspicious users to the mods of this subreddit using modmail here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere or reddit site admins here https www.reddit.com/report .
all reports to modmail should include evidence such as screenshots or any other relevant information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere if you have any questions or concerns .
because it 's unbelievably lazy storytelling and more importantly it 's absolutely everywhere .
people would n't hate on it nearly so much if the market was n't so completely saturated with exactly the same story over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over ...
khaenri'ah was n't destroyed yet if anything that 's where they were before they tried to escape and the flower was given to lumine before they left the city to as a remembrance .
best to look for a damaged lite that has a good top screen
they are a pain in the arse to open up !
a ribbon cable is spiralled through the barrel of the hinge .
also ... keep an eye on the l and r springs
i would watch a disassembly video on youtube first .
one thing to note is the potentiometers in the battery compartment .
if you pop them off thinking they were screws you might be in trouble
however you may need to make small adjustments to these after you install a different screen
not trying to scare you off just speaking from experience
du heizt eine relativ große herdplatte an die nachwärme kannst du nicht so richtig nutzen das ding ist nicht thermisch isoliert ... .
and why charge peanuts when even that is a rare skill for muggles today
once you learn when your full the shower head is amazing .
not having to refill it and still can get a gentile flow .
the small bulbs are a pain in the ass ''
get an enema bag from the pharmacy for about 15.00 if your going to buy somthing .
an opinion piece that argues that germany should take up nuclear arms published in a very big center left leaning german newspaper written by the former chefredakteur '' dunno the english wors for it of the bild which is like the german equivalent to uks sun ''
but the west can say tough shit no nukes or we 'll sanction you into next week '' and they 're not wrong either .
i get that but i 'm not sure it applies here .
i assume it 's going to be paid out in some way .
if they pay out unemployment and you have to file a claim is there an argument for you to just go and collect it ?
i personally like the glitchpop one waaay more because of the sounds
something which if it happened in italy would be memed for decades but as it happened in germany the entire continent pretended it did n't happen .
mwahahaha its april 2022 and this shiesty studio still hasnt fixed this shit googled it and found a post from 2018 with the same issue .
an owlcat dev posted with an bug report email in the forum steamcommunity iirc and just ... never ... got ... around to fixing it ?
your post has been removed because it does not comply with sub rule 5 personal nutrition it involves personal advice circumstance or context .
as the rules and posting page notice state posts which include any personal context overt or implied will be removed and may not be appealed for any reason .
instead use the comments section of the r/nutrition personal nutrition discussion post https www.reddit.com/r/nutrition/about/sticky ? num=2 found at the top of the subreddit .
if your post also involves medical concerns advice requesting or giving dietary advice pertaining to a medical condition health concern test procedure diagnosis consultation etc .
it is not allowed anywhere in this subreddit and it may not be appealed for any reason .
these kinds of questions should be directed to a physician registered dietitian or other credentialed/licensed health care provider .
use the r/nutrition personal nutrition discussion post https www.reddit.com/r/nutrition/about/sticky ? num=2 at the top of the subreddit for discussion and queries involving any personal context or to ask about something you are considering consuming .
search the subreddit https www.reddit.com/r/nutrition/search ? q=topic restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all .
use as few terms as possible for the best results .
appeals must be valid conforming fully with the rules and should not be made without reading this removal notice or the sub rules beforehand .
an appeal will need to include a link to this post .
avoid being hostile argumentative or nit-picking about the rules .
again fully confirm that your post fully complies with the rules before you appeal .
bad faith appeals or attempting to end run rules and moderation by rewording and reposting will result in a ban .
use the r/nutrition personal nutrition discussion post https www.reddit.com/r/nutrition/about/sticky ? num=2
please be aware that nearly all removals and bans involve skipping or skimming the rules and notices
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nutrition if you have any questions or concerns .
just to clarify did you have 4 days off or did you have a larger amount of time off which included 4 days of training ?
in the 7 years before abramovich took over they had finished top 6 every year in the epl as well as winning
they were well on there way to being a major player in england before roman took them to the next level .
that 's really bad for performance as it means that the game would constantly be on the check to see if the value of the number 5 changes .
not so much that depends on how they 've implemented their scripting .
i doubt it 's a fully reactive system though likely just calculated regularly rather than when an input value changes .
if that scripting updates every few frames or runs in the background over a few frames then there wo n't really be a performance issue .
constants tend to be compile-time which is where any performance benefit comes in so not something parsed from a text file at runtime .
you are more talking about mutability and immutability which again are implementation details we do n't see .
unless you have a copy of the clauzwitz engine sitting around we are all just speculating .
would you like me to put the coffee on ?
and how long before he shipped it to agent ?
lol i might try to complete the pokédex on the next game .
after around mr 26 adding a forma wo n't force you to unequip mods due to lack of drain so you can re-level your stuff with a full build .
this reminds me of those scientologists who took credit for putting out a fire with their minds even though it was on the other side of town and they did n't leave their house .
career mode is going to be the same as last year .
which one would you top for and which one would you bottom for
they just want an excuse to show off their bikes get drunk and talk about fucking trudeau .
she would look good choking on dick in porn .
and that is not something simply any woman could pull of .
commenting on one specific trait of one specific woman is as misogynistic as saying amy schumer is n't funny and would be great at selling fish on a market .
if it was a black actress would that mean reddit is full of racists to ?
do you just pick any comment you do n't like and pick the first isme that comes to mind ?
is there a word for someone who accuses others of hating or demeaning half the worlds population for no legitimate reason ?
put the weight of the wirld on his shoulers and built thig boy from the ground up and signed all these brilliant podcasting and cawlmedy minds like bgl and david lucas
coach really had a great arc in regards to shedding most of the toxic masculinity he was carrying around in the beginning .
tbf all the guys did maybe not schmidt as much i do n't remember him ever being that concerned with stereotypical masculinity .
i just realized how many similarities there are between dutch and the dialect of the ruhrpott
well let 's see i currently make a living on a motorcycle delivering mail/parcels for 1000 houses a day and servicing my fleet of motorbikes so there 's that .
i 've also been a baker a gardener/handyman childcare/educator a records clerk attending construction sites with builders/plumbers .
varied retail jobs and a mural artist painting on large buildings and motorway structures .
wow a 14 years old who does n't like tiktok you 're a special person
indeed sir i am also a man of timing 😎
he inherited fergie 's united with likes of rio vidic evra rooney in the team .
r/onlyfans101 is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
legacy of kain soul reaver is a game i enjoyed a lot although it 's closer to a darksiders game than medievil .
i have maximo though i have n't played much of it and it looks promising .
i 'll look into the rest of the games !
you will be sweet for work the next day its not like edibles .
i would say pipe/bong it or make a joint with it if you smoke tobacco .
it goes to the servers piggy bank is where it goes .
if you go to your schedule page there is no option to drop it but if you look at your schedule listed on the home page there is always an option to drop the hours .
it did read like esl but i think the math is universal .
i can believe that a person wrote animals are people and also delicious '' a fair portion of people who eat meat know that it might be wrong and still do it .
though i 'd probably have to stop if i regularly had conversations with animals .
my current excuse is like that i have avoided meeting a cute cow or something .
also can he not magic up some bacon with his otherworldly science ?
i started focussing on symptoms of a blown head gasket '' and went off course .
oh it could 've been him that upgraded it and the other random npc that sold them i have n't played for a while so i forget😅
we had a dog at the shelter that would do this same thing .
so funny 😂 it ached so badly when he needed treats 😫
for my protagonist all those guys gave her experiences and made her change her pov about certain things mostly about her morality .
made her realize stuff about herself that she hated or liked .
i believe everyone has relationships with people that they wish they kept but could n't that they wished to go somewhere else that they were glad they had them at least ... there are some relationships as mentioned with those last two that people do n't wish would have ever happened .
that 's how i saw it when i read the prompt lol .
we are destroying our food production when we cover fertile land with roads and houses we are destroying our remaining forests and grass lands with urban sprawl .
increasing populations will need to be in high rise but not the current process .
towers can be built that are say 30 mts apart to provide visual audio privacy tenants can be designed for different family sizes etc .
the space between the towers can support trees playing fields as well as general areas to relax and stretch out .
having this type of tower design allows for smaller infrastructure in sewerage water supply etc and becomes much simpler for designing public mass transport solutions .
we retain our farming land our forests for hiking in and supplying resources honey being just one and our world has the chance of being sustainable .
your submission has been automagically removed because the title seems to be begging/pandering/overused/unoriginal .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bustypetite if you have any questions or concerns .
mi innen vettük egy ideig a napi menüt de most már inkább csak másodikat mert a leveseket nem ettük .
this is entertaining as shit and cart narc lives for it .
though if he did n't want to do this i do agree he 'd be hard pressed to find a job that pays over 200k a year .
hell i 'd be hard pressed to make that in my region and i 'm in computer engineering !
i have to be at the hospital in 12 hours .
if you look up at the sky does it break 175 ?
if he used lethal force id be ok with it but just absolutely fucking trashing that punk is a much better decision in my op
scalpers in montreal still trying to sell their 3060 ti for that price on marketplace
their c documentation quality fell off a cliff also .
security-critical sdks will have a single sentence in english on each page which is just the function signature but with spaces added between the words .
the root cause is that microsoft fired their entire technical documentation team and also their qa team .
their solution is to open source the docs on github .
microsoft employees turn up on forums like this and helpfully suggest to starving students to volunteer their own time to fix doc issues with a pr to help out microsoft the second biggest company in the world .
none of the covid relief measures were extended to ffel loans .
i saw a few comments in bs about gifting a cutting board or a bottle of booze '' and thought that 's what this was referring to .
although a bottle of booze as a thanks for the childbirth and stuff '' gift makes a lot of sense to me .
did anyone else request money from their cash app ?
if u do be anonymous with ur name on there .
based off personal experience i sized up when i got converse .
i 'd recommend going to your nearest shoe store that has converse and try some on that are the same model shoe .
i know the problem but i do n't want to get into it .
so both of the letters come before and after l ?
assume that every project posted is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise .
use tools such as http www.bscheck.eu and https tokensniffer.com to help you determine if this project is legitimate but do not solely rely on these tools .
be sure to read comments particularly those who are downvoted and warn your fellow redditors against scams .
feel free to join in on our newly made telegram at https t.me/cryptomoonshots to discover and submit projects as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cryptomoonshots if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kgbtr if you have any questions or concerns .
lol pretty brave to make fun of someone 's hobby 's when you watch cartoons and play with dolls
is the court street bagels you 're referring to la bagel delite ?
i was n't confident after season 7 being so ... that .
i mean the whole season is bad of course but their insistence on 'subverting expectations ' was so stupid .
hey let 's make sure this totally established thing does n't work the way it is established because people wo n't see that coming .
betray your own logic while on it but sure .
and while you 're here see the winners of our 2021 competition !
op what did you want this photo to be like ?
do n't reply directly to this comment instead make a new comment on your submission here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/itookapicture if you have any questions or concerns .
i would love to see her make the logo orange instead of blue
twitter wo n't be based in the eu i assume and anyone can access the internet
very new to exploring this sub but this is my favorite so far
the strongest union efforts are coming from the woke '' .
why would n't you want class solidarity with a fellow worker who is trans or nonbinary ?
if you want to hide your head in the sand and pretend those creepy fucks at the wef do n't exist that 's up to you .
the dude gets millions of views on every video and is a host of one of the biggest podcasts going at the moment why would he bot a subreddit he has never interacted with ?
just because you ca n't fathom this sub not upvoting an otk streamer does n't mean it 's botted lmao
good eve in response to my permanent ban i 'd like to ask one question who decides wether this post was funny or not ?
it seems that a lot of redditors like myself enjoy these kinds of posts .
even if it 's not hilarious it 's still pretty shitty .
in my opinion shitty enough to be on your subreddit .
if i violated a rule please let me know .
if not i 'd like to request to be unbanned .
correct me if i 'm wrong this post was not conform your standards well that 's personal .
i find it mildly inappropriate to give someone a ban on behalf of your personal opinion while the public opinion speaks for itself .
also the word karmawhore is a little bit offensive to me for i am not on reddit to score the most karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
oh my god i 'm so sorry you had to find out like this
do i not matter to you anymore am i even the 2 kids father
my professor even commented wow you 're so passionate about this ! ''
and i was confused as to why everyone was n't as passionate as i even though i 'm totally not queer just a believer in true love ! ''
someone once put a giant sign on my base with a drawing of a large penis that came fuck you '' in text .
1 if you 're totally starting cold then doing some work on spec will both build your portfolio and your reputation .
you 'll gain a video for your portfolio and a reference ideally local or relevant to the work you want to do !
2 i 've used pexels and pixabay in the past with good results .
i would n't go paying for something like a subscription to similar services until you know you 'll actually use it .
just for tinkering and practice there 's no need for paid sites .
that said i use artlist.io artgrid.io and both are fantastic—once you know you 'll actually get your money 's worth .
it was the right decision at that time and no one knew we 'd be getting a free xq in an event month 's later .
if that were really true then why did it take gus countless years to kill everyone and takeover ?
all your ! attack28 are belong to us https i.imgur.com/hilgoen.png
post tubs for around 25 w shipping 30 free shipping on ebay mercari places like that .
i do n't think selling is allowed in the sun though .
if i could get nurses like that i would be sick all the time !
it 's very common possibly the rule in kentucky for it to be considered rude to speak languages other than english here .
louisville and lexington are bigger cities and slightly more culturally diverse but it 's funny to see how quickly people are expected to speak murican '' once outside of the city .
can anyone tell me how this dude managed to input the low gravity code from tony hawk pro skater 2 into reality ?
it 's not even funny it 's just creepy .
how does her brain come up with these things ? ?
imas na yt milion ljudi koji jako lepo i detaljno i besplatno objasnjavaju osnove jezika .
to ti je sasvim dovoljno da krenes kupi svesku i zapisuj kao da si na casu .
i meant vanilla in the sense that he was n't sugar .
you got some good advice in the other posts/replies an honest conversation without spilling all the facts about what else or who else you see might be in order .
that would let you move forward with both with a clean conscience no lies to remember .
you 've already had the non-exclusive conversation with the sd guy ?
no because the mha universe takes place centuries ahead of time .
the euphoria with md depends more on serotonin than dopamine i thought
i do think about whether either of those singles should have been included .
i liked how much more chamber music the album started to feel
do n't worry we can get it to the bear .
scrap it melt it down use it to make a new f-35
i do n't think it 's hypocritical to say well you were just having fun '' about someone who was seriously sexually abusing a woman .
if you were upset about it then you would have been more than entitled to express your opinion on it .
you do n't need the validation of the community to have a valid opinion about it .
you can express it without validation from the community .
you can express it without even reading the article .
yeah as a trans woman i take any opportunity to talk to women about it .
i 'm a rapidly approaching 40 guy looking to buy a home .
looking midlandish as it 's cheap but close enough so i can visit the folks in the south possibly commute to london for work once a week .
do n't give a fart about nightlife pubs etc will spent most of my time sat indoors by myself .
i hear warwickshire is good rugby perhaps but obviously without having been there i do n't know what the area or crime is like i can visit to look but i 'm ideally looking to get a feel for which areas people think are best for me to look at first before i start taking time off work to travel and explore new areas .
for something '' the audio course that i use teaches algo .
but i only ever hear alguma coisa here in portugal .
eg at the supermarket when asked quer mais alguma coisa ?
are they the same or is there a subtle difference ?
just looking for some drivers perspective about any major market changes in these past couple months .
i have n't driven in a while because my retail job has been paying fine for what i needed it to be but i just had my hours cut from 25-30ish to 17 after a new company bought us ... so to say the least i 'm gon na have a lot more time off and a lot less money in my pocket .
does uber help at all with the raised gas prices ?
i know instacart just added a tip protection feature of some kind so idk if uber added that as well ?
would you say it 's gotten better or harder to earn money in these past couple months ?
edit i realize my title is funky i was multi-tasking while posting so sorry for any funky grammar lol
looking at all these rankings it looks like everyone loves saint pablo .
chorus is nice but kanye 's rap is a little cheesy .
for swap looking for derby rbl rbs or ls jerseys .
são josé home 2011 with 8 bnwt large 40 shipped
all the characters involved in the rp are 18 plus and participants must also be 18 plus of age
alright so i 'm a literate and limitless sub femboy slut that 's looking to do rp involving puke play and other similar nasty kinks with dom futas females also welcome .
please be able to write more than a couple of lines in the rp .
i 'm really kinky and am looking to do something really messy and nasty for fun
i 'm in the mood for some celeb roleplays .
i want my partner to be playing any famous celebs.zendaya millie bobby brown tessa thompson olivia rodriguez hailee steinfeld gal gadot jennifer lawrence nathalie emmanuel brie larson cara delevingne natalie dormer maisie williams normani keira knightley michelle rodriguez natalie portman dua lipa and ariana grande are some of my favourites but it can even be someone not from these
my kinks are femdom pegging worshipping feet play face sitting spitting spanking sloppy oral rimming ahegao hairy pits sweat musk scent play piss scat cum puke tentacles gags blindfold mutual masturbation footjob teasing messy food and a lot more
you do n't have to be into all this but if something about this post interests you we can find common ground
if the post is up then i 'm still looking
bluespike was a lonely severely bullied 13 year old with no friends .
most of the online gal pals were actually men unwashed lonely men with nothing but freetime .
spazkid looks like he could be a chandler himself .
some of them like liquid chris and even clyde were just having fun clyde even sorta cared for chris in a sick twisted kinda way .
he tried to get him to mature a little .
most of the others were either playing into some weird ass anime villain trope just as tard as chris himself or sadistic to a point that borders on psychopathy .
i especially ca n't see how some people glorify the ones that sexually harassed him i mean pretending to be him and rigging an entire singing contest so you can win the rights to being called the real chris chan is funny af tricking chris into thinking miyamoto wants to make a sonichu game is hilarious but where 's the funny in getting some sad autistic man to shove a medallion up his own ass ? ?
or holding all of his personal accounts and items above his head until he says the gay word lmao..
no socially adept put together human being would find certain parts funny .
it 's on the same vein as those who abuse animals for fun or prey on people smaller than them so they feel more secure about themselves .
very mommy and daddy never loved me and i got bullied in school so i hate the world ! ''
even clyde called that shit out but i know hurrrrr funny woman pretend to go on date hurrrrr autistic man wear bra '' .
and i would argue he should have been placed in a care facility years and years ago .
but this guy was raised by a narcissistic hoarder and a shell of a human person everyone he ever thought was actually his friend was paid off and then some of the shit those trolls put him through i would argue most people would n't come out of with any amount of sanity .
tldr half of chris chans trolls are just as if not moreso autistic greasy smelly friendless and shitty as he is .
does anyone have any christian video ideas they 'd like to share ?
i have a youtube channel doing cleaning and jesus content .
if you have any video ideas for christian youtubers please comment below .
anyone know where i can track down a sony cx20084 sop 16 .
i need one and am having a bit of a hard time finding one .
basically the title the hubs and i are planning on transitioning our 7 month old lil boy out of bed sharing into a floor bed on his own and i was wondering what works well for you guys as well as how best to go about that process .
i have done a bit of research on my own on the transitioning but not on the mattress toss up .
he is just in a rough situation got arrested because of drugs and probably going to jail for more than 6 months up to 2 years .
we took it slow and we were building it up strong .
i 'd move to his country uk in fall since i 'm finishing my studies in few months .
we match so well the view on the world simillar personalities physical attraction sense of humor traveled together ...
worried taking sleeping pills having a lot of things to do with attorney psychologist etc .
when he 's not doing that then he plays games for hours as a distraction .
he used to be so outgoing going to festivals and hanging with friends .
because of the house arrest atm he needs to stay at home .
basically he is very lost and scared i 'd say .
i said i 'd like to fly to uk this april for few days just to be present and make him feel ok we are long distance atm .
he said i do n't know if it is good for your own sake you ca n't be my priortiy right now i appreciate all you do but i am at the worst place possible now its not fair to you i ca n't provide you anything now '' .
i said i just wan na see you we do n't have to do anything i can handle grumpy you whatever happens i 'm not the one that disappears . ''
maybe he is ashamed thinks i deserve better or that he 'll ruin my future even his friends teased me how i am prada compared to him and how thankful he needs to be for having me .
few days before april he videocalled me and said i was thinking a lot i want you in my life i miss you and everything you do thank you for understanding my needs thank you for being so patient with me even when i 'm out of my mind i 'm a mess i am so sorry for betraying you with this situation..
he usually does n't show that much of emotions so i know he 's been honest and meant it .
i said okay as i said i 'll have free time between exams in april and i 'll come . ''
i was supposed to be there in two days .
he have n't responded to my messages for 7 days already .
been having pain in my neck because of it .
started to sit near my window half of the day and smoke cigarettes overthinking .
cause nothing happened between us he is fucked up by himself now and i feel lost and sad .
not because of the fact that he 'll be jailed for some time i was prepared but for being in ignorance and not knowing where it went wrong .
although i see his true colors behind this and he 's worth it i do n't know what to do .
i have ton of things to do for uni and work through summer so this pause is okay for me but still..
my friend said he needs you more than you need him he 'll realize he was wrong towards you . ''
i do understand his way of thinking but is n't it nice to have an unselfish girlfriend by your side if you are at bad place like this ?
someone to make you mentally strong and boost your self esteem knowing that ur worthy of love ?
i 've sent him few supportive messages with our intern jokes nothing hearthbreaking or childish .
he saw them in notifications but did n't left seen .
can someone help me see this from a different perspective positive one since i 'm just going in circles ?
i do n't know what to do i know he has a rough time but i 'd like to be there for him ... should i give it some time or let go without explanation ?
i do n't think i 'm ready to let go..
but yeah the time heals deep inside i still think this will be okay just needs time .
to make it clear i do n't believe that there is just one person right for you in this world .
but i think this sure is something beacause i 'm outgoing and met so many people nowhere felt like this .
anyway i booked flight to sweden instead with my friend to ease my mind .
i 'd still visit him if he 'd geniuely call me and say he 's okay with it .
yeah i am young but you do n't runaway when life gives you pickle water instead of mojitos .
when you have something you truly want you try to hold it no matter the obstacles .
tl dr ldr boyfriend waiting for prison sentence lost and with mood swings i planned to visit him for few days on 12th of april but he stopped responding my messages 7 days ago as in a way to push me away cause he thinks he betrayed me or maybe is ashamed yet i want to stay and be by his side and he knows that .
i am confused and do n't know what to do .
some kind of positive advice or word of support would be helpful .
over the years i admittedly know that i 've been gaining weight .
primarily it 's been a ton of stress/depression eating and extreme lack of exercise that has made putting weight on extremely easy of which most my weight has come on during the lockdowns being isolated .
thing was as much as i knew i was gaining weight in the back of my mind i was n't doing anything about it .
i 'd just continue to let it happen and from time to time i would try to start a diet to make myself better .
sure i might lose a few pounds but i 'd instantly back at it after having the mindset well i just lost a few pounds guess i can go back to my normal diet ! ''
yesterday really took a toll on me ... my friends who i used to bike with almost daily were all in town and we decided to ride together .
of the group i was the only one who basically fell off a cliff after college and stopped biking all together .
i started working but still had plenty of time to go bike after work but i just never did .
just to put in context back in the day i was the fastest of the group and would easily hit 40-50mile rides without really struggling and still have energy in the afternoon to do something .
in any case woke up all excited packed up the car and met with friends .
the first thing they said was damn you gained a lot of weight '' and i do n't blame them .
when we left college i was probably a solid 160-170lbs but now i 'm hovering easily at 220lbs .
anyways after some chit chat we hit the road .
this has been the first time in a long time for me to even crank the pedals or even do some exercise and man ...
i was almost out of breathe by the first mile and holding up the pack .
by mile 2 i needed to turn around and felt so bad because my friends would n't let me turn around alone so we all turned around .
after we packed up we hit a brewery and hit it off like old times but after that i just went home and really struggled to sleep .
it really made me wonder what the f happened to me and really made me hate myself .
bringing my players into a town with a lot of npcs and the way my brain works it 's easier for me to start broad and gradually get more info on the npcs .
so i thought of a cheat sheet idea that 's inspired by alignment for/neutral/against and open/neutral/secret .
it helps me get a quick idea about an npc at the table without having to read too much .
i was thinking of calling it stance or party stance as an homage to the old name for alignment .
if anybody is going to the games where the rangers are giving out the yearbook may 14th and the 50th anniversary baseball cards which they are doing for each decade april 29th june 4th july 10th august 5th august 26th would one of you be able to send them over to me ?
sucks they are n't doing magnet schedules this season .
the ones they have on ebay were printed before the lockout and i try to obtain a magnet schedule every season .
it does crash while i 'm playing the games or anything it just crashes whenever i finish a level/mission .
it gets very exhausting and i do n't know why that happens .
i recently modded my 3ds but i 've had this problem since before i modded it .
i 've had it since 2014 so maybe its just cause it 's old and i 've used it a lot in all those years ?
is it just me or is the big willow circuit experience one of the hardest especially the 2nd and 3rd one ?
if i hide posts from my profile will it become invisible to everyone ?
i am offering you tarot lenormand or oracle readings !
love life soulmate what someone thinks about you how relationship is going
advice what the best course of action would be regarding a certain issue
just dm me your initials big 3 signs sun moon rising and your fav color optional and we can get started from there !
if you have any questions beside the topics mentioned just dm me and we will see what we can do about it !
you can check out my reviews here https www.reddit.com/user/fluffsheeple/comments/ovuph9/tarot_reviews ? utm_source=share utm_medium=web2x context=3 !
payments and any tips are done via paypal https www.paypal.me/fluffsheeple only !
i will not read for people with only 1 karma
tarot is not a suitable replacement for appropriate mental health therapy.
trolls will be blocked people who ghost upon payment will be reported to the mods .
my brother is very attached to our childhood cat of 18 years we had him since we were learning how to walk but the absolute state of him is sad to see .
he does n't eat anymore he is very frail and weak and also ca n't walk .
my brother called my dad and i monsters for trying to call a humaine society to end his suffering but he 's just letting him go through more suffering keeping him alive ?
i love him too i have so much memories of him growing up and i 'd wish he was healthy again but i 'm looking at reality here .
my brother needs to learn to let go and move on his attachment for our old cat is causing him to suffer much longer than needed .
i do n't have funds to actually pay for euthanization and my dad is always busy traveling so i 'm really upset that i might be also letting him suffer for not trying to help him anytime soon .
ok now that there has been enough post reminding us that he 's even more boring than that piece of cardboard what do you really think john stewart 's personality should be like ?
personally as someone who saw the jl version i think his personality should center around his ring his duty and his relation to it .
it makes him a good foil for hal and sinestro hal is the reckless pilot and maverick space cop who tends to go against figures of authority and call out their abuse while still refusing to fall prey to that same trap and actually become part of the hierarchy .
sinestro his nemesis is literally the abuse of authority a fascist who uses fear as a tool to oppress and bring absolute order and justice .
john on the other hand is an architect and a soldier he evokes stability and order .
hell he even led the corps and became a guardian at some point .
not to mention his greatest fear is losing himself to his duty and become alienated .
john even considers that the great power he 's been given the ring only gives him more duties and responsibilities .
in a nutshell john can and should represent the positive side of duty hierarchy and authority while still showing how difficult is ti to balance it in order for it to remain just .
sorry if it 's a bit long it 's just that i think he deserves better than being a boring gl especially after his current handling by thorne .
i personally do n't like them that much compared to the manchester special edition but what are your opinions ?
to be a part of this movement and wishing a successful to all team members and developers.the most interesting project to date !
robinhood widens user access for crypto wallet transfers unveils plan to support lightning payments for bitcoin
when i say trash i 'm not talking about good aim or building .
grab one revive card and ignore the one right or very close to the one you just grabbed
park a tank right dead middle in the middle of the map low ground
run back into the storm at a time where it quickly eats your hp only to die because you had nothing to heal you .
do n't bother to spectate to see if people are coming to get their card most of the time just end up leaving while one person is on the way to get it .
if you want challenges done mark a place and maybe the team will land there .
if not just complete them as you move with the team or..do solo .
only bother to run to teams locations when everyone is dead and said dead ppl decided to leave one by one
run off too far ahead of the team to rush into a another squad only to die .
this iis stupid if you suck especially in no build mode where you are out in the open
refuse to take and use healing/shield potions even when your marking them
find the concept of sticking together difficult and match ends up with one person always separating from the group only to die in storm or to another squad .
instead of shooting the person shooting at you you stay out in the open trying to save your downed teammate .
another thing how are people afraid to fight in a team mode ?
you do n't even have to worry about people building a towers to demolish you .
i understand playing strategically but in most cases i feel people spazz out and do n't know what to do .
i also understand if the rest of the team dies and you 're the only one left but from some fills i 've been in the last person standing was not helping in the first place or off fighting someone else .
i 've been in fills when it was two of us versus one person three of us versus 1 person or just plain 4 versus 4 and they end up running away .
i guess since it 's all out in the open people are afraid of being third partied .
only new players in my opinion get a pass from making the above mistakes .
already awaiting the let them play how they want you cant tell them how to play ! ''
and before people tell me go play solo then '' i do and have no problem doing so both build and no build .
i 'm just amazed that even with no build mode here people still cant do simple things .
so i 'm looking for women who are interested in one or more of the following kinks .
if you have one that is n't covered and is similar in nature get in touch .
due to the nature of the kinks and the fact it 's more fun this would be an in person thing but i 'm happy to start online and progress from there .
but be warned i do n't want a penpal for months and months .
if you live outside the uk we can still chat but consider the logistics of how we 'll meet regularly .
30 year old british gent based in the north west of england .
outside of kink i 'm an ambitious hard working individual .
hobbies include hitting the gym going for walks reading socialising and occasionally a little gaming time permitting .
i enjoy sarcasm and a bit if witty banter back and forth so do n't be afraid to joke around .
physically i 'm 6ft tall thick black hair currently about shoulder length but it 's annoying me a lot so considering just shaving it back to short back and sides again brown eyes i look like your typical manly man .
i 'm hairy from head to toe and i 'm not skinny or athletic .
i guess picture a bear and you ca n't go too wrong haha .
this is an anonymous account so i 'd like to keep any pics off it even in messages .
ghostly pale skin gets me going like nothing else but is by no means essential .
i like both women that are older and younger than me slight preference for younger if you put a gun to my head .
i do n't mind chubby women or skinny women but if you could dress up as the michelin man or a skeleton without using a costume you 're likely not for me .
if you are n't sure i 'm happy to look at pics and politely decline if you 're not for me .
i 'm a particularly kinky individual happy to chat about almost anything .
so the following are n't all of the things i 'm into just the stuff i 'm really eager to find from a partner at the moment .
i 'd be interested in finding someone who really gets off on cnc and/or fee use for regular fun together .
that includes denying you and sometimes forcing you to endure multiple orgasms or orgasms when you may not want them .
always ready to be taken at a moment 's notice so expect plenty of edging either me edging you or being given a set number of edges to complete .
i plan on denying you for weeks at a time if not longer and if you 're into it i 'd be happy to do permanent denial .
so if your idea of denial is not cumming for a couple hours while you edge then perhaps this is n't for you .
with that said i 'm happy to help push the boundaries of novices all i ask is that you like the idea of long term denial .
as it says on the tin i want someone who likes being fucked in the ass so much they do n't want their pussy touched .
i like teasing you about it while i fuck you .
telling you your pussy is n't worth my cock .
that you 'll never feel another cock in your pussy again .
you do n't deserve it and your only job is to give me pleasure which i get from denying you yours .
someone who gets off on watching their man fuck other women .
ideally you get off on the humiliation of this as i 'd like to verbally humiliate and degrade you while i make you watch .
make you clean up the mess i leave in or on other women .
showing you the messages between me and my dates and telling you how you wo n't be getting anywhere near my cock tonight .
making you go online and arrange new dates for me .
primarily thinking of watersports with this but if scat is your thing we can discuss what you 're after and i 'll consider it .
want someone who does n't just want to be pissed on but loves the idea of drinking it down too .
someone who does n't shy away from wrapping their lips around a cock and swallowing every last drop .
also if you enjoy bladder control or generally pissing in clothes or being pissed on in clothes and made to wear them that 's also good .
are you the type who wants to give up all control .
what to wear what to eat when they can use the toilet whether they can go out or not how they look etc then perhaps this is for you .
if you think this is for you be warned it will likely contain at least some if not all of the above .
you 'll be given regular training to make sure you 're the perfect slave .
i 'd quite like to give pegging a go haha .
so if that 's your bag gimmie a shout .
can include humiliation if that 's what you like or just a good ol ' fashioned banging .
if you 're gon na drop me a message do me a favour and let me know which you 're interested in please .
at simply sold homes we are a real estate solutions and investment organization that focuses on assisting homeowners in quickly selling their burdensome houses .
you need not pay thousands of dollars for agent commissions deal with escrow fees long closing times inconvenience and uncertainty of finding the right buyer when you partner with us .
if you want to sell your house as is fast in oregon your property selling process becomes one of the easiest and fastest transactions you can make when you partner with us .
we buy houses as-is for cash to help you get rid of your distressed house quickly .
why does god prefer faith over belief with concrete evidence .
god can reveal himself in a way that is indisputable .
a way that is apparent as the existence of ourselves .
like appearing in front of every single person on earth at the same time and say the same thing if he did that a staggering amount of more people would know of god 's existence and be more likely to follow him and get to go to heaven .
but instead he chose to reveal himself to modern people through a holy book amongst thousands of over holy books that claim the same thing .
he does this because he 'd prefer people have faith instead of indisputable concrete repeatable testable evidence that every else can verify .
why is this faith so important that its worth sacrificing the people who will never believe in god because they find the claims of a holy book to be lacking ?
hodl it 's one thing that makes you different from others.the ability to hodl on makes you you_nique .
when i 'm really and truly overwhelmed and into the loud sobs crying i have found a curious behavior by my hands .
one of my hands usually the left one will take on the role of what my wife would do to console me when i would struggle and fall apart .
it will stroke my hair a certain way or navigate up and down the opposite arm exactly how she would even pausing to pick at scabs .
whenever i notice this it makes me bawl even harder though .
maybe this is a common thing but i thought it to be curious .
so as the title says i wan na start working out .
i 'm mtf and i wan na have that very feminine body but also work on my lower part of the body .
i just want a more fem/more of an hourglass body already😭
i got santino today at my local kroger and showed him to an online friend in nw indiana .
they wanted to know where to look for him !
in my state it 's just kroger so i have no idea which affiliate they would find around them .
i tried googling and managed to find a map but it gets ... rather confusing to read in the midwest any help is appreciated !
we unfortunately live in a 1 bedroom apartment and we cosleep with our toddler month old .
it 's 1 am here and i just quietly and slowly crawled next to my toddler .
my husband let out a loud cough from the living room which startled both me and my daughter and she woke up crying .
i 've asked him many times to try to be considerate but things like this keep happening .
i do n't understand why he ca n't remember to be quiet and be considerate for our daughter .
the other thing he does is empty the dishwasher quickly and with a lot of noise after our toddler has gone to bed and i 've asked him again and again to do it quietly .
and just earlier tonight he kept trying to close the bathroom door but it would n't close so he kept shutting and shutting and shutting it .
is there something about my approach that is n't working ?
come and enjoy the games we gave like ! boss battle to fight live boss battles with a wide variety and classes to choose from or enjoy the music as well
everytime i initially think i 've finally found a well fitting bra it soon reveals itself to not be the one .
a frustrated search led me to the abtf calculator and this thread .
i know it 's not a guaranteed perfect fit but if i 'm gon na put the money into a hopefully well fitting bra i 'd like to do so with some confidence and 38l threw me for several loops .
if anyone would me kind enough to check over these and help me out i 'd appreciate it !
i have n't told my family about my deconversion but i did bring up the term deconstruction .
my mom has a blog and recently posted about this podcast with a deconstruction reconstruction coach '' .
oh yea that 's what we need someone to guide us exactly to the just right conclusions '' .
its like they 're saying please by all means deconstruct we 're not a cult !
we believe in freedom of thought and we 'll give you the very specific logic you need to use to get our pre-programmed answer . ''
buying the nord 2 and looking for a full body case with back protection and especially with a screen protector ... . something similar like this https www.amazon.in/supcase-unicorn-designed-full-body-protector/dp/b08mq4h132/ref=pd_sbs_sccl_1/262-8243674-9337352 ? pd_rd_w=86tyz pf_rd_p=f7f53f20-c5e9-46f6-80ca-3dc93baa1685 pf_rd_r=1k8k0k72esh23eg6bc5h pd_rd_r=307c0a60-cfaa-4d83-b31f-e9535defa33a pd_rd_wg=torci pd_rd_i=b08mq4h132 psc=1
i had a one plus 3t before and had a full body case for it ... .but it seems impossible to find a similar case for the nord 2. it is easy to find all kind of covers that do n't give a extra protection to the screen yes i know i can just buy a tempered glass but since i am often outdoors i will need a full body case something like a exoshield just for the phone .
something that provides a protection in case mud water splash sand etc .
i do n't care if the phone looks bulkier or uglier just want it protected .
i am desperately looking for such cases https www.amazon.in/supcase-unicorn-designed-full-body-protector/dp/b08mq4h132/ref=pd_sbs_sccl_1/262-8243674-9337352 ? pd_rd_w=86tyz pf_rd_p=f7f53f20-c5e9-46f6-80ca-3dc93baa1685 pf_rd_r=1k8k0k72esh23eg6bc5h pd_rd_r=307c0a60-cfaa-4d83-b31f-e9535defa33a pd_rd_wg=torci pd_rd_i=b08mq4h132 psc=1 and cant find any ... much appreciated for suggestions !
kaz get your brother ... ... are you fucking death ! ''
kaz instantly gets up makes her way down the hall to her mothers room .
her mother lay there in a bleached raggedy baggy shirt holding the controller as she is looking for something on the tv .
her mother replied just check him you know how to change diaper close my door . ''
kaz kazriyann alizea grew up in out of the system she indured years of trauma ... ... from beatings in her own home to being put in a foster home where she was forced to sleep on the porch .
now kaz at 7 became a mother to kids who are her own siblings she had to grow up quick this meant throw out the bratz dolls replace that with diapers huge eye bags even darkening underneath her eyes .
she took on the role of a mother to 3 boys who she did n't conceive nor birth .
he needs diapers '' okay so go to family dollar ''
kaz got in the shower got dressed headed out the door .
although kaz only lived 2 blocks up from the store it was a tough area being 7 years old and walking to a store to get diapers for your newborn brother was n't something you 'd see in a predominantly white area .
she got to the store and she searched for her brothers size .
she finally found the pack she needed but the only issue was she did n't have any money was too scared to wake her mother up to ask for the money .
kaz slowly walked around the store as if she was browsing for other items .
she quietly discreetly opened the package of diapers and slid them into her pants sleeves of her coat .
as kaz turned the corner of the street a man came bursting out of the store screaming hey lil girl get over i here i know you put those diapers in your coat . ''
kaz ran turned another corner as she heads down the street a female employee stopped her without even trying .
this woman was on her way to family dollar even weirder is the woman worked there .
kaz bumped into this woman so hard kaz dropped down to the floor instantly looked at her shirt realized she was an employee .
kaz immediately got up tried to limp away by the male employee had caught up to her .
just as she turned the corner on the street of the store the cops had just gotten out of the cruiser .
find the best venues banquet hall https tourwhizz.com/wedding-social with prices contact facilities and services .
tour whizz provides the facilities by city choose the best banquet venues in your budget .
we provided event services for weddings conferences birthdays and parties .
we organize your event with complete and best facilities .
for more information visit our official website and call us at 91-896-872-7340 .
time to only cook for one and only wash your own plates
but i think it 's time to move into your own house again
what an amazing body and that o face too .
any patient with suspected eds and claiming syncope/heart palpitations is absolutely punted to a genetic counseling appointment for ceds .
no one wants to be the last person to see a patient before their arteries suddenly dissect .
possible eds with cardiac complaints is a lawsuit hot potato .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/eroaltgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
sounds great clicky switches are just so much fun .
i 'd like to see all the people complaining about your nails type half as well as you with nails like that .
i use the the tarot as a form of meditation where i pick something about myself that i 'd like to understand better so i can change it .
just depends on the purpose of going into meditation .
i detected that you might be trying to identify a film/show which does n't fit this sub .
if this is correct please post on r/tipofmytongue r/whatisthatmovie r/whatmoviewasthat .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/moviesuggestions if you have any questions or concerns .
you can get a lot of water on your roof by attaching a pipe to you roof rack .
a 7in diameter pipe at 8ft can hold 20 gallons of water .
instal an intake for a hose and a value where you need it
at that level of fame it 's rare that a documentarian and a pr person do n't coordinate to curate the perfect image and postings to maximize their status and image .
she is signed to a record label interscope and an actress so there 's millions on the line for the label and the acting projects she works on if it 's not as tight as possible and ends up reducing her draw whether that 's to movies or concerts or streaming shows .
in case you forgot why the dicky ammendment was needed .
except again even the eponymous sponsor of the bill agreed it went too far in combating perceived bias .
comments from an acting head of a subdivision do n't justify such a general freezing of research .
blantant bias to push a political agenda does not equal good research .
the strongest proponents of the bill were and continue to be the political arms of the gun lobby gun advocacy groups .
but i guess blatant bias '' only goes one way for you .
to be fair even tho the comment is stupid lmao a 36/42 is prolly lower than average for a t10
women do n't like being followed chatted up or complimented by yelling when they are alone .
it 's frightening and not flattering in the slightest .
i 'm not sure how common it is but i do know computers are n't infallible and the bank has a team or a contract with company to investigate these kind of errors .
the keeper for my uni 5 a side team was at sheff u until he was 18 .
if we scored 3 goals in the 50 min game we could be confident of winning .
the most anyone ever got against us was 5 which in amateur 5 a side is absurd .
we often kept clean sheets which is even more mad .
we were unbeaten in all 3 years despite not being anything special aside from the goalie .
it also really highlighted that even more than any other position amateurs are fucking shite compared to professionals .
when searching i found this study by stanford university school of medicine
which indicates a positive effect to providing hormone treatment to transgender youth .
we both use weed him more than me and he works at a dispensary and gets a discount .
i know he 's used some types of pills and coke a few times in the past but he seems strongly against those things now .
i 've never had reason to believe he 's been on anything other than booze or weed when we 've been together so i do n't think it 's that at least .
i 'm talking about the grad and not about overall rocket launchers .
i mean by all means go for it if you have the rib or skull of a recently dead large herbivorous animal cow deer horse especially if you can afford to break a few .
but i definitely do n't see blasting bird bones or the skeleton of anything smaller than a dog with a pressure washer going too well .
pressure washers output hundreds if not thousands of pounds of force per square inch .
hilariously the dm did n't plan most of it .
the tiefling player myself and one other party member planned most of the drama and danger .
every time i try to help people with their financial future they call me a scammer .
100 if you have 100,000 to invest in your future you will learn more from buying my oil bonds than you would earning a degree in happiness studies .
but i think i have run out of room unfortunately .
im working from home as well which mean i have to keep things spaced out and clean .
hey new jersey also received a 10 minute misconduct and an absolute beatdown
hated my name when i got it and still do .
yea i feel really bad because i feel like op is trying to deny to their self that they were raped but the unfortunate reality is that they were .
sex without consent is rape op said no to both men and they did n't respect him .
i understand it can be hard to admit you were raped when it was n't some super violent experience but i hope op can admit it and seek out some therapy even if it 's just a session .
so now that we got some fun facts out of the way did you have some response to my original point ?
or did you just find a good argument in favor of allowing trans women in sports ?
always reminds me of my mom for some reason rip
a ton of scientific computing has a legacy body of code and libraries going back 50 years written in fortran but also it 's very very fast .
if it was just a matter of rewriting legacy code some grad student would have done it by now their time is basically free .
the cervix is extremely sensitive and the thing that dilates when a baby 's head is crowning .
lotsa blood and pain is associated with this association .
please do not talk about our cervixes during sex unless you want us thinking about natural childbirth .
i 'm right hand dominant but there are a variety of things that i do with my left hand instead .
i also do most things better lefty than a lot of other right handers .
i have a lot of left handers in my family including my mom and daughter .
added a toggle option in the settings menu for loot actions .
idk if rifle was n't like a gun it 'd probably be a pretty cool name like if it did n't already have that meaning
it 's fun to flirt and make out when you 're young but good relationships require work and healthy boundaries .
and it 's easier to figure out setting boundaries with friends than it is in dating .
figure out how to have healthy platonic relationships before jumping into romantic ones .
wow typical toxic gamer wants to curb stomp a bunch of casuals all day👊 why do n't you just get good lmao 👊 i guess ur not as good as u think you r 🤓 if there was no sbmm casual gamers like me would always get stomped by pros 😡 i would quit the game .
most of traditional human knowledge is useless in modern society .
there is no practical use to being able to tell the difference between plants you 'll never see day to day nor to knowing how to work a hand mill to make flour .
it might make us more mature in terms of empathy though remembering all the times our ancestors had to be on the receiving end of injustices .
or just make us more likely to fight as usual .
depending on how far back it would go though it 'd be interesting to share like 50-90 of your ancestral memories with people .
after all it 's been proven that all humans are related to a single woman called the mitochondrial eve https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mitochondrial_eve that lived way back when .
do n't forget about the fact that the part of the headphone that the bullet supposedly deflected off of does not have a single scratch on it and the fabric over that spot would not have torn into such a massive ragged hole .
i have fired a lot of different bullets into a lot of different materials over the past 20 or so years and examined the results of all of them and nothing about this looks realistic .
maybe they have to pay for everyone 's dinner after exams ?
if you have normal cycles and during the time of ovulation your sex drive is usually higher .
you are n't a robot you 're a human .
ah because there is no way to make your breasts bigger
nuclear fuel casks spent fuel storage pools and generic nuclear waste things like overalls tools scrap material that 's been in hot areas are entirely different things .
i can ensure you that whatever they are talking about is actually designed to hold whatever they are saying and that the nrc and associated contractors who provide the storage have confirmed that the design is adequate .
sounds like the bee is the major insult to this angelic gift .
perhaps i should wear a bee suit and when the bee comes to touch me i just suck it up into my vacuum cleaner and put it in a jar .
but only if i know there 's actually been a study
so i like make up specific numbers to get the point across but tell the truth about what the study was studding for the the general results
how were those control knobs implanted and why are their balls black ?
good for you but i 'm sorry it ended like that .
a lot of people have made jokes that crossed the line a decent person apologizes instead of doubling down .
i 'm sure this is disappointing but it 's better to see their true colors before things get too serious .
ah i should have specified that i would n't recommend having the horde use all its attacks on one pc my comment assumes its multi attack is evenly spread among the party !
i 'd probably start with enough attacks to hit each pc then remove attacks one by one as you reduce the hp pool .
do you know if you can bring a date that are n't getting their ring this spring ?
people here talking like they 're some sort of survival experts who would find other ways to survive before eating dogs .
you guys went crazy over not being able to do dine in .
i would n't have mind combining both games in one movie but they also have to make a good movie first .
the original movie did n't follow the games at all and at least feels like a movie .
the french girl arc de triomphe and the notre dame are not german by the way they are french .
i started to watch baby singers in between bp and 25-21 .
it is a super cute reality show that you can watch on viki us at least !
i am also thinking of watching old enough on netflix since i have seen a preview of it and it looks cute as well !
i believe is an older show i wonder if they still making new episodes ?
i kinda started to get back in to anime again by watching komi cant communicate and kotaro lives alone .
as for kdrama i might start watching the thriller shows that i have been holding off since i wasnt in a mood for them juvenile justice the cursed etc .
but idk since im still feeling more of romcoms ...
i will never pay a dime to that massive hypocrite .
the only thing i consistently appreciate is the news ticker .
great job it is amazing how we always start with bigger sizes and then realize we need smaller sizes .
rarely see someone say they bought too small of a cage .
whose dick do i have to suck to get a shakira lip sync in spain ?
since we 're not getting a latino version any time soon
lisa wow chris 🔥🤭 i do n't think anyone can win against you 😁
as you point out its the completion bonus that is the problem and id argue its not a player problem to fix as it stands because its literally a waste of time to clear to any boss that can be skipped .
tho ive noticed a lot of people think m routing is the effective way to do quick leveling when you should pull most all trash as it does give exp worth the time .
but thats doesnt change this has always been the case .
unless its worth killing people will try to skip it there is a reason its called trash and not loot mobs .
with all that being said im on my 4th set of healers and tanks in sl old dead server and i like leveling so now i have a horde ally and rp server with all them now and i just like leveling .
not to blame you but you should go holy .
not only does it do more damage it actually gets all its tools relatively early unlike disc .
holy literally will out dps a shadow priest till like sls content
i do n't know about elsewhere but in the usa this is battery and she would 100 be in the right to press charges .
i would text her an explanation of the entire situation and let her know she has the right to press charges/make a police report over this .
eta also do not throw away the braid if you still have it .
once she calms down she may want the hair .
if she has that much emotional investment in her hair then she may want to make plans for it that will ultimately help her heal maybe an act of closure .
perhaps if serbia had n't done all that ethnic cleansing they they would n't have been bombed ?
and frankly comparing the limited nato air attacks of 1999 with the wholesale destruction of cities is pathetic .
i thought the million viewer marker did n't count and was arbitrary ?
me and my girl looking for someone to have fun with
at the time when i recorded this i didnt really know how to counter that homing missile thing so i always just frantically rolled away from it .
if we 're judging by a lot of the people in these comments apparently so
they went and made a fool of themselves to try to prove a point .
i would have expected them to know that oops did it again .
do n't care did n't ask cry about it who asked stay mad get real l bleed mald seethe cope harder dilate incorrect hoes mad pound sand basic skill issue typo ratio ur dad left you fell off no u the audacity triggered repelled ur a minor k. any askers get a life ok and ?
cringe copium go outside touch grass kick rocks quote tweet think again not based not funny did n't laugh social credits 999 999 999 999 get good reported ad hominem ok boomer small pp ur allergic to sunlight gg !
get rekt trolled your loss muted banned kicked permaban useless i slept with ur mom yo momma yo momma so fat redpilled no bitches allowed i said it better tiktok fan get a life unsubscribed plundered go tell reddit donowalled simp get sticked bug lol talk nonsense trump supporter your 're a full time discord mod you're grammar issue nerd get clapped kys lorem ipsum dolor sit amet go outside bleach lol gay retard autistic reported ask deez ez clap straight cash idgaf ratio again stay mad read faq youre lost you re stay pressed reverse double take back pedophile cancelled done for do n't give a damn get a job sus baka sussy baka get blocked mad free freer than air furry rip bozo you 're a insert stereotype slight_smile aired cringe again super idol的笑容 mad cuz bad my pronouns are xe xem xyr irrelevant deal with it screencapped your bio karen/kyle jealous you 're deaf balls i 'll be right back go ahead whine about it not straight eat paper you lose count to three your problem no one cares log off do n't care even more sex offender sex defender get religion not okay glhf nft owner you make bad memes problematic fall in line dog water you look like a wall you do n't know 2 2 with yo head ass you are going to my cringe compilation you ca n't count to five try again you failed kindergarten rickrolled no lifer guten freunden schickt man einen deutschen panzer you have a anime profile picture an fatherless motherless sisterless brotherless orphan you ca n't catch this ratio catch some bitches i do n't care about your opinion genshin player you dress like garbage 日本語がお上手ですね get fucked you ca n't understand what the word intelligence means with your dumb ass you have hair queued put some thought into what you 're going to do with that stfu go to bed yes i 'm taller than you i think your joke is funny i rejected your mother 's advances marooned you ca n't read i win final ratio
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
hopefully you checked my profile to see what would be slipping in there😛
i dont pack lunch enough and wind up eating shitty food around campus with my peers .
it 's social time so thats less troublesome though .
otherwise my fiance or i get to the grocery store every ten days or so and stock up .
i keep a handful of shelf stable foods in my locker so i can eat something somewhat decent when i forget to pack lunch .
otherwise eating during school is not much different than eating at any other stage in your life .
its all about how much you let yourself slip in other life needs while involved with your studies .
join us on the new official kitswap instagram ! !
all the kits featured from kitswappers around the globe ! !
you can also join fellow kitswappers on the official kitswap discord server !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kitswap if you have any questions or concerns .
i did n't expect them to use the side stories tolkien wrote after the fact .
while fall of reach would work its going to weirdly paced .
you need actors for when they are children teenagers young adults and then again when they adults in 2552 .
the best reason people want marines or odsts is n't just because bob or the pacific but because it makes a more grounded story for a general audience to follow .
the 9 squigbuggies was n't what made that list .
the ork alpha strike list is 4x super undercosted planes 3 dakkajets 1x wazbomb then a bunch of squigbuggies .
all of these above are designed to trigger the freebooters buff to the rest of the units as they can more easily hunt small units and soften others for killing next turn .
the plane nerf already heavily impacted this list as you have 1/2 the firepower from planes available to zoom around and pick off targets easily .
imo the real issue is that gw made the rest of the ork codex bad and increase the shots/stats on the buggies .
in 8th you could still take freebooters still bring 9 buggies of any kind .
ignore line of sight squigbuggies did n't exist at that point and planes were much more expensive .
realistically gw needs to remove 1d6 shots from the squigbuggy .
it 's super swingy and when it swings well it does some serious work .
with less shots and some of it 's shots coming from the 18 '' launcher instead of the 36 '' one it 's less dangerous .
forcing orks to hit on a 6 means no one will ever bring one again .
it 's not a realistic idea and is simply bad for the faction as a whole .
i know it makes you feel good that they 're worse but it 'll literally destroy the usability of the unit .
for specific questions about london you can also visit r/london .
if you are looking for attractions recommendations places to live eat drink or do take a look at wikivoyage https en.wikivoyage.org/wiki/london or search tripadvisor https www.tripadvisor.com/search ? singlesearchbox=true q=london .
your post was not removed this is just a friendly message
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askuk if you have any questions or concerns .
yes i do n't care where the money comes from as long as i can spend it
i agree that a logo should look good standalone .
however i dont think it is necessary to have it to be understandable alone which is why abstract logo is a thing .
a brand will have target audience and they come from searching for what they need from references and from advertising .
some random persons looking at your logo on a sticker on a traffic light post just dont care they are not target clients .
the best you can hope is they have a deja vue when they start searching for what your brand is doing .
if you are presented with 10 brands and 1 seem familiar you are more likely to click on that one first .
i am the king of boggle there is none higher i get 11 points off the word quagmire ''
shame this fucks over those of us who do n't install games to protected folders anyway .
tho as a dev myself i understand the logic behind it .
also you can just symlink the folder to another drive if space or performance is the issue .
and the labor sweat and blood of our grandchildren too as the national debt grows because of these folks taking that money .
i think the particles are giving the curse more intensity for the severity if the spell .
like more than anything i think it 's a design choice
you should transfer stores if customers treat you badly and your manager does nothing .
i ban and throw people out if they cross a line .
if it is always happening and yoyr manager wo n't do anything escalate to your cm and/or dm .
or talk to hr first if you are more comfortable .
i do know the nature of what the contractors are saying to you .
if they are angry about prices/product availability i joke and say uhhh ... . have you seen the price of gas ... ? ''
or how long did it take you to get the door/cabinet/siding/drywall/etc that you are painting ? ''
if they are being violent or threatening call loss prevention immediately .
if they are being racist sexist anything derrogatory call hr .
you have a right to kick anyone out that makes you uncomfortable especially if you feel unsafe .
please use the questions megathread https www.reddit.com/r/genshin_impact/search ? q=title 3a 22daily+questions+megathread 22+author 3averitasibility restrict_sr=on sort=new t=day or the team/character building megathread https www.reddit.com/r/genshin_impact/search ? q=title 22weekly 20team/character 20building 20megathread 22 20author veritasibility restrict_sr=1 to ask your questions .
if your question is exceptionally thought-provoking and can help a more general player base send us a modmail and we 'll get back to you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/genshin_impact if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm 5'11 '' so my waist would need to stay under 35.5 '' .
i 'm slightly overweight but not by much maybe 10 pounds .
i could end up with my waist being more than half my height long before i was obese .
the filament that latimer patented made all other light bulbs better and longer lasting .
also his earning potential is n't limited to just his contract .
he 's currently the face of the most valuable franchise in the sport .
giving that up for a marginally bigger contract elsewhere could very well be a net financial loss for him in the long run .
carina l'idea di versare i soldi sul fondo pensione peccato che non gli dia troppo peso .
i was always taught that people without christ in their lives were horrible vindictive monsters who hate christians .
so imagine my surprise when they were ... actually nice to me ?
and a lot nicer than some of the people within the church at that .
this subreddit is for showing off the location around you .
please remember to observe our rules https www.reddit.com/r/whereintheworld/about/rules before commenting and do n't post a more specific location about where the streamer is than is in the post title this is considered doxxing .
if you want to help out our wonderful team please apply at https apply.rpan.co.uk
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whereintheworld if you have any questions or concerns .
zoffy jack ace taro and leo are explicitly their real names .
ultraseven and ultraman are the only ones to not have 'real ' names though you could always argue that dan is seven 's real name .
it 's not any more odd than marie or ken or jack or chuck or scott or
op can you post an update on how things went ?
i think the fact that the things he comments on are controversial is part of the problem .
the ideas he 's critiquing shield themselves from critique with circular arguments that amount to you disagreeing with me is proof that i 'm right .
it 's precisely the reason why things have gotten so crazy and why we need someone to stand up and do the critiquing .
now that you say it out loud..*brb i have to post something on r/place
the water will evaporate or pour out of the device rice or not .
all rice does is make the device all sticky once your done which can also cause damage .
best you can do is wrap it in paper towels attempt to shake globs of water out and leave it to dry for 1-2 days just in case .
thank you for your response i already have a ta for first year .
i am definitely concerned about adjusting cross country with a teenager and everything that entails so your response is helpful .
good to know what i 'm in for depending on my decision .
i think bruno 's been a great asset since united moved back to 4-3-3 under rangnick .
he 's central to whatever united do in attack .
sancho can tick along nicely with a return in the odd game but he does n't shoot enough and get into as many threatening positions as bruno does .
an upgrade notice has a processing time cost and can also cause nvc to mess up e.g .
your petition gets lost in the abyss while being transferred .
i hope you are right but it feels like max pain fridays are making a comeback
so that the managers can get their 4-5 figure bonuses .
i would love to kiss and suck on your pussy lips — licking up and down sucking on you pushing my tongue into grabbing your ass and pulling you into my mouth .
i love how the party of pedos is the one always screaming about pedos ... projection at its base
it 's a weird emotional story that does n't make sense but i 'm in a big group of gay friends well mostly gay like 90 and it 's so fun .
they think i 'm gay as well and i want to be but i 'm not .
in the archie continuity he 's the only echidna to have those spikes naturally .
everyone else uses either special gloves or surgical modifications .
supposedly this is due to his father experimenting on him with chaos energy before he was born .
in other continuities i could n't say because it 's never been addressed .
tab to tu bhi waha nahi tha jab scientists ne escape velocity calculate ki thi aaj tak mars dekha kabhi ? ?
agar nahi to kaise maanta hai ki aisa bhi koi banda kabhi tha ?
facts dene par bhi accept nahi kar raha hai to kya hi bolu ?
what i mix my men 's thongs with ... is another thing altogether !
it is best to be the friendly b necessary yet redundant member of the team .
altså.. er der regler eller finder vi ud af det as we go along ?
they are clearly worthless if you can cross wherever you want
yeah the only reason i got lunacy is to follow my hobby that is ui/ux designing
ha i imagine her situation might be like this but breakfast with someone '' instead of sex .
i once had an almost 20 mile order for 23 from a sheetz that was like 4 sheetz away from the address that ordered it .
all the sheetz here are open 24/7 and sell the same food .
the tip was only like 3 which would 've been appropriate for the closest sheetz to them so the base pay had definitely been hella bumped up .
you may already know but it 's also the bond family motto .
leave him he deserves better than you you deserve less than him and more like your pretentious ass .
oh so it 's not politicians that are being bought by the lobbyists ?
and are n't they the ones to have taken an oath to represent people ?
pretty sure corporations are very clear on their objective .
stop blaming capitalisim for miserable performance of leftist parties .
people should stop blaming macron for not comprising with the left when leftist ca n't achieve compromise amongst themselves either .
half of them do n't even germinate and rest just die tragically
its better to spend a bit extra and order auto feminised from either attitude seedcity or seedbank
skinny will never be a compliment it 's the same as fat just the opposite .
it means you 're unhealthy in the opposite way unless we are changing the definition of words now ...
this subreddit is open to all onlyfans models to post content .
we determine if someone is a model by their full onlyfans link as a comment .
we did not see an onlyfans link under this post so we have removed it from the subreddit .
i will monitor this post for an onlyfans link once i see one as a comment i will approve this post .
i am only a bot and i may make mistakes .
if i have removed your post in error please use the send a modmail '' link below to send the moderators a link to this post and they can approve it manually .
we are not saying you are not an onlyfans model .
we are saying we did n't see an onlyfans link as a comment under your post .
we are asking you to put your link as a comment .
this post is not deleted it is just not viewable to the subreddit .
do not delete this post yourself this post will be approved once you put an onlyfans link as a comment .
you can comment your onlyfans link on this post and we will approve it .
we will not go to your profile to verify you are a creator .
it must be an onlyfans link under the post url redirectors or onlyfans trial links are not recognized .
comments are not locked on this post if you are seeing a message saying so you are trying to reply to the automod comment and not your post .
if you are getting a message that says please wait '' that is reddit that is slowing down how often you post .
we can not control this all you can do is wait until reddit will let you comment .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfans101 message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fonlyfans101 2fcomments 2ftzpvbp 2fnew_and_ready_to_show_off_50_off_now 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
they have iceberg stone powered aircraft tech which no other country has .
and they will soon be more developed than all .
💸 turn 1,000 into up to 5,140,565 in 12 months !
oh lord i swear you should 've seen my face when that issue happened 😳
props to you and apu for 1st and 2nd 🏆
that 's not how you can tell if masks are working though .
you do n't know how much bigger the wave would have been without masks .
edit for the downvotes ... it 's called science numb nuts .
they are pretty radicalized now par agar terrorist attacks hue toh vaha ki government india army ko ghus ke terrorist ko maarne degi so pakistan jitna khatra nahi hai
i am on a same boat with you except tokens and credits bro congrats
the only thing centrists hate more than someone who is wrong is someone who is right .
you wan na have fun with a trans sissy in training hehee
the biggest danger is one 's fellow survivors especially after our entire culture has just spent several decades positively worshipping individualism as the ultimate virtue .
the german churchill kv-1b and kv-2 just feels powerful since they 're not fighting against german guns
doing the same thing for 20 years gets a bit stale and uninspiring .
i know richard has been experimenting with more british voiced amps recently so that explains the guitars .
chris changed his drums around 2019 i think that will also make a difference to the sound .
i got paddle shifters at my buddy 's advice for this !
i 'll be keeping roughly 30 games to play .
druid do n't vibe with the class fantasy and i do n't really understand their features .
wizard/sorc get increased spells witch gets a spicy familiar hex cantrips bard cleric and oracle have their unique features and druid does n't really have anything special .
i 'd take a primal sorc over a druid with no hesistation
thanks but i finally had to wave the white flag .
the bank the bank 's brokerage to be more precise wo n't export in qif .
i was looking to see if i could somehow convert an excel file to a qif .
i gather that there are utilities that would do that but i ended up not going that route .
the problem i was having was that some of the transactions involved rights offers .
i 'd never even heard of rights offers before .
and no matter how hard i tried i could n't pound that square peg into quicken 's round hole .
so for 2021 i used balancing cash adjustments to get around the problem .
this research still has not been published but i can put you in touch with my collaborator at virginia tech who is still working on it i 've seen graduated
i do n't know about other people but for me it involves prolonged contact .
although it wo n't take very long if i am sweaty at all i will get a rash in around 15 minutes whereas usually it may take hours .
so i can get away with wearing jewelry that has nickel in it .
just ca n't wear it all day when i am hot enough to sweat and what not .
but want to wear it for a few hours ?
and i have found that the more often i wear something the longer i can get away with wearing it it 's like i build up an immunity or something .
but i will eventually get a rash and sweating with it on is guaranteed to cause a rash no matter what .
time for you to get a watch '' that way when visitors ask for the wifi you can confuse them with a bad joke
most managing positions are useless and the pandemic showed it .
people are as productive if not more productive working from home and the managers know it and are terrified to lose the control they have over their subordinates '' and ultimately their overpaid job when corporate realizes they do n't need them as much as they thought .
working in the city crossing threads multiple factions trying to solve a mystery and figure out what the heck is going on .
the persians did n't ban institutionalised slavery i do n't know how this myth has taken on such a life of its own .
i think i did the right choice not look the third page .
i really wish i can throw in a couple of good punches..
unfortunately it happened so quick and before i could process it or react he fled with the car .
but the area has a lot of cctvs so the police will try tracking him down through those .
man behøver ikke være psykopat for at slå ihjel og det ville ikke lade sig syne i de test man anvender ift ansættelser .
probably knights of grandshelt but they are premium so you may want to just wait for the next cow dps .
but can i make them as easily avcessible with just a keybind ?
i downloaded that and by the time i have to search i already used regular windows function
well that 's what they said when people wanted 2 day long weekends until enough people refused to take jobs that required you to work 6 day weeks .
and then a couple decades later that 's what they said when people said 50-60 hours is too much .
until enough people refused to take the job unless the work week was only 40 hours in length .
and now they are saying it about people that wont take the job unless they get work-from-home .
yeah shooting yourself in the head will definitely show that nasty macron !
if we had a second round face off in greek elections i would 100 vote for literally anyone who is at least not a traitor to my country and europe both .
even if i never voted before in my life .
remember mes amis it wo n't be just macron going down .
french voters have a responsibility now to a much much wider audience .
your elections have direct implications for many others around the world .
if someone sits at home and let someone who they agree will do great harm to the world win what does that make them ?
please message op directly https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=friends1stthenfun instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyatx4atx if you have any questions or concerns .
and if those people do n't get you ... the potholes sure will .
sunscreen feels like it 's barely used in pak .
russia was a european coloniser that merely had it 's colonies on the same land mass not overseas .
the steppes were full of islamic turkic states that were conquered and colonised by russians over 200 years with genocides and ethnic cleansing occurring under soviet rule .
just want to add that dram refreshes itself periodically so it might be possible read ram similar to how rowhammer works .
the mayor of auburn in sydney used public money to pay for his multi million dollar wedding he closed streets so he could land a fucking helicopter on the road .
lol all this person does is repost and spam their insta you 're more likely going to get a thank you than be asked to take it down
most bbg do n't fuck with 4kt or nba since yb was tbg once before not only that bbg got hella beef in baltimore and tbh otf should only be going at otm that 's the beef lol
do n't send us a modmail about it we will not change it !
this is a spam protection mechanism tutorials on how to earn
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
i think those people are mostly in denial yes .
but if they are really convinced i doubt about that they are really poorly informed .
yeah but morally illegal has more oomph so i 'm gon na stick with that
yeah ig sometimes it means they lost interest sometimes they might have depression its a whole range of reasons but the important thing is to not blame yourself just focus on moving on
you just made me realise why i like cornelius so much .
i want to see brotherly relationship with rosemyne and wilfried is very much failing at that .
whenever a friend and i would get in a car we would often say the door locks !
like is it ever talked about at all/do we ever see it happen ?
you get 20000 gold an immortal and cool horse on of the coolest and best daggers in the game and some pretty good stealth armor .
ich bin in den nächsten monaten für ein paar tage in amsterdam und wollte fragen ob ihr gute coffeeshops oder allgemein nützliche tipps für die stadt kennt .
ich war vorher noch nie da und weiß nicht ob es irgendwelche regeln in coffeeshops usw .
eine obergrenze was man kaufen darf oder wo man alles rauchen darf in der stadt .
when i 'm not in game the tracking is fine but then when i load in my hands are on the floor but my fingers are still accurate .
i 've been wanting to play this game for so long
our collection of gabor brand hair styles and colors is essential for the modern mature woman .
discover the simple carefree joy of gabor wigs and hairpieces .
gabor wigs are available in synthetic fibers and come in a variety of cap constructions including basic cap lace front and monofilament top styles .
now is the perfect time to grab one of these high-quality name-brand wigs at everyday accessible prices .
a place for members of r/helptheworldeastwest to chat with each other
if you do n't have telegram you can use my invite code vclub-molcfz
our family stopped at our first resting place on the field trip .
a cheap motel we just found on google maps and decided we would stay at
when it was time to sleep the family of 4 was split into 2 bedrooms .
1 with the men and 2 with the women .
being the boys of the family we had some friendly banter before sleeping talking about eachother and eventually it got to sexual experiences .
cmooon you 're not saying you 're still a virgin are you ?
not even some cute girl ? you asked you lost your virginity at a way younger age than i did .
i dunno i sputter out not knowing what to say .
it 's not that i could n't get any women .
eventually the conversation lead to the topic of me being confused about ... who i am .
i did n't know if i liked dudes or it 'd it was ok
i 'm looking for an experienced roleplayers who can play a father helping his son discover what he likes .
including the conversations before the 2 talk about sex .
an aspiring femboy and thinks he does n't like boobs only cock .
he can be anything we decide a loving goof a strict but loving figure and anything in between
along with the vanilla ones we could have musk cum play toilet play food play pain rough sex and more .
even non-con blackmail and etc are options if you want to go that route
titanium monetarily unadulterated evaluations are unalloyed and among all appraisals grade 4 ha high substance of iron and suitable oxygen .
it is besides most grounded of every one of them with 480 mpa or 70 ksi as the base yield quality .
the material of this composite makes it essentially resistive to use weariness and deterioration .
they can be washed into bed blankets plates circles channels and chambers .
we supplies titanium grade 4 sheets plates bits of high bore .
these circles and sheets can be treated at high temperature with no harm considering its high bore .
it in addition bundles astounding fabricability weldability in like manner versatility .
it has the remarkable blend of solid confinement use square and in this way shows the most raised power strikingly with some other unalloyed evaluations for example grade 1 2 and 3 .
the sheet and plates focal points for grade 4 take after grade1 7 9 and 12 .
the titanium grade 4 sheets plates turns estimations are-en bs asme aisi astm jis and din .
the standard estimations are asme sb 265/astm b265 and ams 4911 .
they may change in size inside the degree of 8 to 100mm .
these sheets bends and plates in like way move concerning hardness where some can be made as touchy hard and differing as spring hard quarter hard or half hard .
considering their hardness they can be utilized in different applications .
the titanium things should be conceivable as the hot moved plate cold moved sheet satin 2b ba no 8 and 2 d. the evaluation 4 is the 5al-2.5sn composite that has different stock ends .
finish hot rolled plate hr cold rolled sheet cr 2b 2d ba no 8 satin met with plastic coated
as you know a talking warp core will give us a blue crystal in our left palm .
and that crystal just so happens to be the same colour and shape as the crystal on the box you steal in a heist with markiplier .
in a heist with markiplier the scientist will explain that the crystal 's causing a spacetime anomaly .
and in in space with markiplier '' every time you die you go back to the start of the story in a new universe .
i think the crystal is able to change space and time to travel through time and universes .
and it traveled from the heist with markiplier universe to the in space with markiplier universes .
and the device that we can attach to the crystal utilizes the crystal 's space time abilities to warp through space and time at will .
i am adding a new mod to this forum for help in establishing the rules and formalities while assisting with whatever it is that mods due .
i will attempt to do that today and then introduce them as well as allow them to provide their own intro as they see fit .
so far we have 76 joined up on this subreddit .
if you know of forums on facebook or instagram or other social media please let them know about this group .
i will try to do a facebook page as well directing people here .
i am using reddit because it is pretty good at this type of situation and will allow users to participate regardless of if they have a bunch of networks and it just seemed to fit .
we might establish another social profile elsewhere but right now i feel like this is best suited for this lawsuit .
right now there are several lawyers watching to see how this goes which is why i have asked everyone to post their stories so they can better assess this for actual legal action .
it will also be promoted to government officials and news media outlets to help any legislative actions being filed against horne llp and bill.com and other contractors that have created this entire mess .
i feel that it is strongly headed towards a class action lawsuits within a month or two .
i personally was raised by one of the original class action members in the agent orange lawsuits in the early 80 's .
i direct you to see unnatural causes '' a made for tv movie that started john rittter and alfrie woodard in the late 80 's .
the character played by ritter was a composite of a few different vietnam veterans that included my father and the character woodard plays was maude divictor who were all the original filers and so my early years were spent in court in washington dc with my parents fighting for the agent orange victims .
i tell you this to let you know how much i believe the system will eventually work if you have convicted people behind it .
i am hoping to have the best possible team that will bring this to the table .
i understand that it was emergency funding by government rule but i also think that this is the reason government exists .
to establish rule and order to help those who are in need regardless of our personal belief in their lifestyle and ultimately to give those a hand up and it is important we stop hiding the fact that they spend billions bailing out the rich and have trouble even giving hundreds to private hard working tax payers that were victim of things like a total government shutdown due to a disaster like this covid pandemic .
i am not here to judge why we needed this help but there were many people like myself who were lost to this poorly run program that was created to help people like me .
am i upset others were able to get funded ?
i am upset that there has been no accountability at all through multiple states and this company keeps getting millions of dollars to create chaos and emotional damage that will never be fixed and now that this has been their reputation it is time for us to respectfully provide them the consequences for their lack of compassion and their continuous lies to make upper managers rich off of the hurting american public .
so please welcome and take a stand with us against this tragedy because this was supposed to help us not make it worse .
so nun liegen auch die ergebnisse vor für die lotto-zwangssauschüttung am 13.04.2022 ich hatte am montag darüber berichtet https www.reddit.com/r/finanzen/comments/u14xob/positiver_erwartungswert_bei_lotto_6_aus_49_durch
antonello is a 2-storey italian-inspired luxury house and lot for sale https www.brittany.com.ph/location/vista-alabang at vista alabang capturing the beauty and elegance of classic italy .
i mean it 's worse than phb beast master .
why was n't it reworked in tasha maybe along with a broken af ​​bro ?
gravi literally looks like it was made by one dude overnight and no play testing has been done whatsoever .
he only has 1 lvl2 ability which is a cantrip and it does n't even help with it 's school because gravity spells do n't require str save and not that his other abilities are any better .
maybe during the development being able to cast dunamancy spells was an actual tradition 's feature but we know the second sub and oh boi they definitely did n't balance chronurgy with this in mind .
i wan na make a youtube channel archiving stories of oppression of lgbtq people by islam .
i 'm not a muslim and never been one but i believe more people need to see islam for the backward cult that it is .
main audience will include non-muslim or ex-muslim lgbtq people and atheists .
you 're welcome to share your ideas about other groups of potential audience .
the channel will be non-profit but if we can get a crew willing to work to produce professionally done documentaries further down we can get a patreon or something to get some compensation for them .
as it stands right now it will not be a full-time effort as we have other obligations .
we could even collaborate with large exmuslim or atheist channels to get more attention and stories .
we can also use reddit to help grow the channel .
if guests do n't wan na to reveal their identity the story will be read by a bot like the reddit videos all over youtube .
but they can show their face if they want to .
i kneel on the floor my hands cuffed and resting on my round belly a soft black blindfold covering my eyes .
the air smells like leather and acrid cigar smoke .
and down distant halls i hear the occasional slap of flesh and women moaning in mingled pleasure and pain .
the man who knocked me up brought me to this club wrapped my eyes in velvet darkness and left .
it feels like i 've been kneeling here for an hour or more but maybe it 's only been a few minutes .
i do n't know where he went or what he 's doing .
after all who would want a seven-months-pregnant slave with a massive belly and nipples grown thick and dark ?
i can feel eyes taking in every inch of my nude body ... my blonde curls and fair freckled skin my milk-swollen breasts and newly formed outie belly button my thicc thighs and curvy ass .
then i hear you say follow the sound of my voice piggy . ''
something about the acoustics of the room make it hard to tell if you 're the man who filled my belly with seed or an unknown stranger .
either way your voice is authoritative and i crawl after you as fast as i can with my hands cuffed .
with each step my breasts and belly sway side-to-side .
i hear the creak of leather as you sit down in a chair .
stop piggy '' you say and i halt in front of you .
suddenly i feel your hands confident and calloused and strong .
you caress my face gently then your hands slip down to squeeze my breasts run approvingly across my stomach and grip the flesh of my ass .
nice and soft and round ... just like a little piggy-slave should be . ''
i hear the desire in your voice ... the plain desire for my pregnant body ... and it makes me smile makes me feel more beautiful than i 've felt in seven months .
thank you sir '' i say softly wondering what you want to do with me .
so this is a strange little fantasy and i honestly do n't know if anyone else will even be interested .
i love the idea of a heavily pregnant woman spending an evening at a bdsm club .
if it interests you too know that you do n't necessarily have to pick up right where i left off with this scenario .
we could explore other aspects of the idea or just chat about how it might develop .
either way i would love to hear from you .
however too many people here seem to think that talking to a sub is an excuse for lazy writing and half-assed replies .
please be willing to put some thought and detail into your pms otherwise i 'm likely to get bored pretty quickly .
artisan is brand new and has never been opened .
a place for members of r/rbodyadventure to chat with each other
the company i work for has been trying to fly a magnetometer payload using a dji m300 rtk .
we have been suggested to use the ugcs mission planning software but we have issues with the mission uploads getting stuck at 99 .
we were not having this issue for some time then it started happening .
we have tried a hard reset of the dji controller and drone firmware .
has anyone else had this issue or does anyone have any suggestions ?
thank you for any advice you might have to offer .
would you like to see northshore make a light yellow megamax ?
the alternate 's voice that was asking mark to let him in was kinda awkward was the alt imitating cesar 's voice or someone else 's ?
bought some crucial ram the website says it 's compatible .
if i place stick one in slot one and the other in slot 2 i get the amber blink code for invalid memory configuration .
i 've tried to obvious cmos reset no luck .
this is the 2nd set of ram that was ordered i thought maybe the first set was just faulty .
anyone else run into this problem i 've never had incompatible crucial ram with a dell before .
please just send me text just via offer ty .
b/o bayonet doppler fn p2 or karambit freehand mw or bayonet tt fn
i can get close to beating spider 20 probably could if i manualed .
i have tried vogoth in apothecary 's spot for healing cc but still lose .
i know overall it is a gear issue likely speed of my ch 150 and armiger 150 .
but i have foods resources and i am looking for a quick fix .
thinking of maxing gliseah for some much needed cc .
or perhaps just load up on healers/revivers and let the burn do its work .
also have maxed sandlashed rector seer tayrel uugo and fylja i could try .
also got a paragon to cheese with and could max sethallia .
do i have a quick fix here for spider 20 ?
will gliseah 's freeze help also got her in frost set and she did help me get through spider 19 at 50 ?
so here goes tl dr sort of thing at the end
it goes without saying that the world did n't go from american civil war style line infantry to standardised ww2 style infantry so i thought that you could a great war infantry '' or some variation of that name that would serve as a breaker between these units its stats would be as follows
it would replace the infantry as the modern era melee unit and the normal infantry unit would be moved to the atomic era .
snipers have long served on recon missions during wartime so my idea for a modern era recon unit would be such a unit it would in theory be like a submarine only observable when you are next to it unless it is revealed by an observation balloon or a drone .
range 3 can only hit units not city centres or encampments
ranged strength 80 i know it 's high but see below for some info on this
melee strength 10 easy to kill so it 's high ranged is justified
this unit would be highly valuable in the hands of a skilled player .
it would n't be able to move and shoot on the same turn and it would have the ability to hide '' it would hide on the turn the ability is activated but it would take a turn for it to come out of hiding it would n't be able to move or shoot when hiding .
it would upgrade into the '' modern sniper '' which would be the exact same as the sniper but with a higher ranged strength and slightly higher melee strength .
this addition would also require the spec ops unit to be moved into a new class called airborne '' which leads me into the next unit .
i have always loved the way that spec ops units operate in the game and have long felt that they need a predecessor in this scenario the spec ops unit will be moved to be the atomic era version of the airborne '' class with the paratrooper being the modern era version .
ranged strength 65 in this case the spec ops ranged strength would need to be increased
it would be able to drop from any aerodrome district into anywhere within a certain range although i got no idea how far that would be .
it would behave very closely to the current ingame spec ops although it would n't be able to drop from anywhere in friendly territory only from aerodromes .
this unit would be almost identical to the current machine gunner but with stats that go as follows instead
this unit would move the current tank into the atomic era and replace it in the modern era .
i would serve the same function as all heavy calvary units in game currently and only be modified in its stats which go as follows
would pretty much be a bomber but without the ability to strike city centres and a combat bonus against naval targets .
i would upgrade into a jet naval bomber which would be the exact same thing .
i 'm a little more foggy on the exact way this one would function whether it would be through it being an air unit or an information era light cavalry and an upgrade to the current in game heli unit .
a unit that would serve as a transport it could carry one unit other than a siege unit and could deploy it anywhere it would n't be able to be attacked by anything other than anti air units and anti tank units i say anti tank units because of the way anti air units work in civ 6 .
i do also propose a new type of unit for the modern and on era which would be like an rpg type unit or something that would serve as anti-helicopter although i think that could over complicate things .
the early carrier would be the exact same as the current ingame carrier and would be unlocked with flight it would have slightly lower stats than the current carrier .
the aircraft carrier '' would be the current ingame carrier with the same stats but a capacity of 3 planes instead of the normal 2 .
the modern aircraft carrier '' would be an interesting case it would have a capacity of 3 planes and 1 helicopter transport attack or normal .
it would have to be very expensive in order to balance it though
would like to hear some other ideas for this something that i find really lacking in civ 6 is the combat and time spent in the modern and atomic eras and these are just a few of my ideas to change that in civ vii .
think about it most of the habitat destruction going on right now is for expansion of agriculture .
whether that be for animal feed or just feeding human 's expanding food requirements .
if all of that agriculture was locked up in giant vertical farms we could just let nature reclaim all of that land with some maintained corridors for transportation purposes .
i thought of this as a solution to the problem of pests .
those are n't problems for vertical farms at near the same scale as traditional agriculture .
we could reorganize the planet with human sections and nature sections .
just thought this was a potential solution others might want to hear about .
6 months ago i enjoyed 2g of golden teacher in a calm and thoughtful environment .
i 've have similar experiences 20 years ago but this was amazing in so many ways it changed everything i know about being a successful adult '' and parent '' .
i started researching md and mushroon growing tek i read how to change your mind '' https www.amazon.com/change-your-mind-consciousness-transcendence/dp/1594204225 and also watched countless yt channels on all the above .
about 3 months ago i researched and decided to ween myself off of venlafaxine 75mg and it was a pretty bad exit .
i understand this is not a super high dose and by all accounts i probably have pretty mild depression compared to others .
at this same time i was inoculating gt using uncle ben tek .
i was feeling good mentally for about a month when suddenly dark cloud of depression came over me .
now for the last few weeks i 've suffered every day with anxiety struggling to get out of bed lethargic and dark thoughts of myself..but i put on a strong face in front of my family and try to carry on .
the tek of growing mushrooms has taken longer than expected or at least the onset of depression came on much sooner .
i 'm still out a few weeks before my first harvest if all goes well .
i thought i could deal with my depression until i got onto a md schedule .
last night i decided i could n't wait any longer and i went back on venlafaxine 75mg .
i hate this shit so much but the alternative of no treatment is worse .
i just want to share this state i 'm in and would love to hear comments or experiences !
i do n't know how to define flashbacks is it normal that i do n't get flashbacks but wake up to a feeling related to a previous trauma like being abused or hurt and it feels really also i get a panic or anxiety attack after i dont see a situation idk who was trying to hurt me but i feel it
and ofc when i feel myself even a little bit my brain starts to give me a lost of a people who have hurt me and maybe i 'll recall certain situations
im a vape shop owner in the usa and ive been vaping for 7 years .
i m not sure why their trying to stop us from vaping .
but there has to be something we can do about this issue .
if i choose to vape that 's my right .
if theres anything we can do to keep them from restricting vaping then i want to help .
businesses can solve worker shortages in a huge number of ways hiring temps and outsourcing work adjusting budgets scopes or schedules opening an hour late or closing an hour early diverting employees from lower priority work paying employees overtime delaying the start of new work the list goes on and on .
maybe work gets done a little slowly maybe checkout lines are a little longer .
maybe a manager has to perform real labor instead of patrolling the building .
i mean god maybe something just wo n't get done after all is that really so bad ?
none of these are world-ending and more importantly they 're not your problem .
it is the responsibility of a business owner or manager to sort out schedules and coverage not you .
most of us are not trauma surgeons or bomb defusers .
in the vast vast majority of cases the worst thing that happens is the business makes a little less money money that probably is n't going to you or your coworkers anyway .
in short if you manager says they ca n't afford to have you out '' or that you are n't being a team player '' they 're lying to you .
and i mean that literally they 're straight up lying to you because it 's the easiest solution to the problem .
they 'll try to guilt-trip you because it 's simpler than getting on the phone with a temp agency or reorganizing a shift schedule .
and if your manager isn't lying to you you need to ask yourself how committed you are to a job that goes up in flame when a single person is unexpectedly absent .
go home when you 're supposed to hell go home early .
if you run out of pto days but still need a day off take it .
if you do n't get pto days at all and need a day off take it .
support your coworkrers when they do the same thing and never badmouth someone for taking time off .
is it really that bad or can you work through it ? ''
those dates are very busy for us and we really need all hands on deck . ''
i 'll be sure to prepare my coworkers for my absence . ''
i ca n't believe coworker took this week off . ''
they deserve the break and i ca n't wait to hear about their trip when they get back . ''
you do n't owe your managers an explanation or an apology .
you do n't have to justify wanting to not work .
you are not requesting time off you are giving them a courtesy announcement that you wo n't be working that day .
the only people you should care about are yourself and your coworkers .
i 've been thinking of having a nighttime fire pit d d session now that the weather around my way is nice .
would supply each player with a dice tray for their lap and a clipboard with clip light for their character sheets .
a cooler with drinks and a break of course to roast some hot dogs and marshmallows lol .
here are some pairings and scenarios i 'm interested in .
i 'm also open to any ideas you might have .
a rescue mission nearly ends in tragedy when a slip-up almost causes the deaths of several hostages .
bruce and diana are both partially to blame and after returning to base they argue over each other 's shortcomings as members of the team .
the argument gets increasingly heated and personal until they 're both naked and having angry passionate vigorous bareback sex .
they initially try to continue the argument while they fuck but neither of them is able to concentrate enough to do so .
two hours later they leave the room both unsuccessfully trying to convince themselves that it was n't the best sex they 've ever had .
rachel roth/raven dick grayson/nightwing fucking out of mutual boredom .
dick and rachel are left alone in titan tower while the rest of the team is out on missions or doing other things .
boredom quickly sets in and after a couple hours rachel walks into the living room to find dick scrolling through his phone and half-watching tv .
dick it 's a terrible idea but that 's how fucking bored i am right now.
she closes the door and locks it then walks over and straddles his lap .
some nights he catches her stealing something and tries to stop her .
some nights they strip down to their masks and fuck each other 's brains out .
she 'll never admit it but the best part of any day for her is clawing at his back as he slams that thick meaty cock of his into her fast and hard .
similarly he 'll never admit that his favorite part of any day is when he 's on top of her and she rolls him on his back so she can ride him .
a birthday massage from dick gets barbara unexpectedly horny and she half-jokingly asks if he gives happy endings .
after the massage he drops his pants and she spreads her legs so he can rail her .
afterwards she decides that having sex with him was a mistake .
she goes on to make that mistake several more times just to be sure .
a fight between batman and poison ivy ends with his arms and legs restrained .
they exchange some playful banter then ivy offers batman a sex truce which he accepts .
they fuck for a full hour then immediately go back to fighting .
a training session between bruce and barbara takes a turn when he pins her down .
she suddenly notices a bulge in his sweatpants and without thinking she starts rubbing it .
hey ! he gasps as the bulge gets bigger .
she kissed back offering no resistance as he pinned her arms above her head .
he was already pulling up her sports bra when he broke the kiss and after discarding it he removed his gloves and began feeling her up better than anyone ever had .
a few minutes later she was naked and holding him tightly as he fucked her with the biggest cock she 's seen in person .
he had started off gentle but that had lasted less than 30 seconds before she demanded to be fucked hard .
she cried out and came and he kept fucking her through her orgasm .
15 minutes later he moaned her name and came inside her pushing her over the edge and causing her to have a third orgasm .
how can you know for sure if you 've only done it once ?
she straddled his lap stroked his cock back to life and impaled herself on it .
dick grayson/nightwing harley quinn sticking your dick in crazy .
a fight between nightwing and harley takes an unexpected turn when he gets an erection after she pins him down .
despite saying all of those things and more he makes no attempt to actually make her stop or get off him .
once she gets her top off he gives in completely .
soon he 's wearing only his mask and she 's naked while she rides his thick cock .
a few minutes later she 's on her back and clinging to him as he fucks her brains out .
while visiting titan tower batman finds himself balls-deep in raven .
maybe she seduces him maybe he comes onto her .
harley quinn is no stranger to rough sex but when a fight between her and batman takes a sexual turn she finds out one of the many reasons catwoman is so fond of him .
the fight had ended with batman pinning harley down on the warehouse floor .
rather than surrender she wrapped her legs around his waist and started grinding on him from below .
his requests for her to stop were ignored and his attempts to make her stop failed so in a moment of weakness he started grinding back .
it was then that harley made what was either the best or worst move she could she laughed and blurted out get outta here with that gentle shit .
now harley finds herself clinging desperately to batman as he fucks the everloving shit out of her .
her bottom half is completely naked her neatly-trimmed pubic hair on full display as a thick meaty cock is slammed into her with more force than any other time she 's been fucked before .
batman 's suit is gone leaving his muscular torso exposed to a delighted harley .
his mask remains on hiding his identity but still allowing him to kiss her and leave hickies on her neck and chest .
bite marks and saliva cover her bouncing breasts the result of what had easily been the best fondling and sucking she 'd ever received .
harley cries out when she cums then cackles with delight when batman starts fucking her harder .
she has no idea how long either of them will last .
all she knows is that she has no intention of letting him pull out .
dick grayson was under a lot of stress when he encountered poison ivy in an alleyway .
it caused his fighting abilities to suffer and their fight ended with him tangled up in vines .
to his surprise ivy admitted that she 'd also been feeling stressed lately .
approaching her restrained opponent she offered to let him have sex with her .
nightwing was understandably skeptical but he soon found himself balls-deep inside her tight soaking wet pussy watching her incredible breasts bounce as she rode him .
bruce wayne/batman dinah lance/black canary welcome to the justice league
dinah was thrilled to learn she 'd been accepted to join the justice league .
she was looking forward to being part of the team .
she was n't expecting batman to welcome her to the team by bending her over the meeting room table and fucking her raw but she was n't about to complain .
despite the fact that he was probably using her it was easily the best sex she 'd ever had .
while out taking a break from patrolling dick and donna unexpectedly end up fucking .
it 's the best sex either of them has ever had and afterwards they argue each accusing the other of intentionally seducing them .
the argument leads to a second much more aggressive round of sex after which they agree to never speak of it again .
dick grayson/nightwing m'gann m'orzz/megan morse/miss martian just be yourself .
after nightwing saves miss martian 's life she decides to repay him by having sex with him in the form of any woman he chooses .
he tells her he 's flattered by her offer but that it 's not necessary .
she insists admitting that she finds him attractive and is only using him saving her as an excuse to have sex with him .
he explains that although he finds her attractive too he 's never thought of her in a sexual way .
he quickly adds that if he was going to have sex with her he 'd only do it if she looked like herself .
ten minutes later he 's balls-deep inside her and every previous sexual experience she 's had with humans pales in comparison .
dick grayson/nightwing dinah lance/black canary adrenaline can be a hell of an aphrodisiac .
while patrolling the city nightwing finds black canary in a losing fight against over a dozen assailants so he helps her fight them off .
their adrenaline is still pumping even after it 's over so when she impulsively kisses him it ends with him balls-deep inside her .
no one can ever know about this. she says panting as they cuddle afterwards .
there 's nothing romantic about the way he looks at her during lunch and it 's not her chest that feels warm when she notices .
there 's no love in the kiss she gives him as she locks the door to her room and there 's nothing romantic about the way he rips open her blouse with his bare hands and starts roughly fondling her exposed breasts .
despite the fact that cyborg beast boy and even raven have said dick and kory would be a cute couple the only attraction between them is strictly physical .
that mutual physical attraction is the reason had first had sex a week before the other titans started openly shipping them and that shipping was the reason they intended to keep their sexual activities a secret as long as possible .
they 've discussed the possibility of developing romantic feelings for each other and they decided they 'd rather take that risk than stop fucking .
the sound that escapes kory 's mouth when dick bites her neck is somewhere between a gasp and a moan but the sound he makes when she claws at his back is the deepest groan she 's ever heard him make .
promise me something. she says arching her back to press her breasts up into his hands as his aggressive groping continues .
promise me that if we do end up dating you 'll still fuck me like a slut.
there 's no love in her eyes when he sheaths his thick cock in her only lust and joy .
there 's nothing romantic about the way he pounds her pussy nothing loving about the way he slaps the side of her ass .
he rails her like an animal in heat and she cries out as she has her third orgasm .
the rest of the team is out on patrol unaware that their alien teammate is begging her best friend to cum inside her .
batman is driving miss martian back to the batcave after helping her escape capture .
she had managed to escape her restraints on her own but she had been cornered when he arrived .
are you alright ? he asks as he weaves through traffic .
i 'm okay ! she blurts out as he pulls onto a dirt road .
there 's nothing to be embarrassed about. he assures her .
okay okay ! he parks the batmobile on the side of the road just inside the edge of a forest .
because i do n't want what i say recorded !
he turns off all the batmobile 's systems except the external security .
the only reason they were able to capture me is because i was masturbating when they broke in. she admits .
you 've been attacked while you were jerking off ?
no but barbara 's walked in on me more than once so i know how embarrassing it can be.
do you want to know what 's both the best and worst part ?
i was thinking about you. she admits grinding on him as she leans in and kisses his neck .
do n't try to tell me you do n't fuck aliens. she whispers sucking on his neck until she leaves a mark .
i know you 've fucked power girl more than once.
i was going to ask if you 'd rather do this somewhere more private.
lois would be lying if she said she 'd never thought about batman while touching herself but when he agreed to an exclusive interview sex was the last thing she was expecting .
she clawed at his back moaning loudly as she felt her second orgasm approaching .
the muscular anti-hero was stripped down to his mask and his fully-erect cock had been enough to soak her panties the first time she saw it .
the interview had gone surprisingly smoothly and after she stopped recording she had asked if he would answer a couple personal questions off the record .
he had allowed it and after answering two questions and declining to answer two more she asked the last two .
does your social life ever overlap with being batman ?
he gave her an honest answer without revealing too much .
does batman ever get to do those things or is that limited to whoever you really are ?
would you be more likely to try to seduce me if i said yes or no ?
since the start of the interview you 've looked at my crotch 11 times and my chest 27 times.
would you like me to fuck you ms. lane ?
she never verbally answered his question but the fact that she immediately started getting undressed made her answer pretty clear .
after breaking up with nightwing starfire finds herself getting dicked down in her own bed by batman himself .
she 's already cum twice and she can tell he 's not close yet .
blackfire threw her head back holding nightwing tightly as he fucked her .
his thrusting was fast and rough exactly how she liked it .
she clawed at his back letting him know that she was getting close .
he bit her neck leaving a mark she had no intention of covering up as he fucked her harder .
there was no love between them only lust and a strong mutual physical attraction .
blackfire had n't even been looking for a sexual partner when she arrived on earth but that changed when she saw the way nightwing looked at starfire and the bulge in his suit when she bent over .
that night she had slipped into his room locked the door and removed her robe to reveal her naked body .
he had been hesitant when she first straddled his lap but before long his face and cock were buried in her cleavage and pussy respectively .
their first fuck was slow and gentle the exact opposite of how blackfire usually liked it yet she had no problem getting off almost a minute before he shot his load inside her .
she had stayed and held him until they caught their breath then returned to the room she was staying in .
the next morning he had bent her over the kitchen counter ripped a hole in the crotch of her leggings and fucked her harder than anyone had in a long time .
when it was over he pulled up his pants and left without a word and as blackfire felt his cum running down her leg she knew she had chosen well .
cassandra never said much when she and dick hooked up but he did n't mind .
the grunts gasps moans and whimpers that escaped her mouth were like music to his ears .
she was a switch equally comfortable being on top and bottom .
if she wanted to switch from one to the other she would do it often without warning .
they were still figuring out each other 's kinks but they knew they both loved creampies and hated anal and reverse cowgirl .
dick knew that cassie liked hickies having her amazing breasts fondled and sucked on spanking hair pulling and light choking and she loved being praised .
he knew she liked being called a slut and hated being called a whore .
he knew she hated begging humiliation/degradation group sex with multiple guys and all things related to breeding .
cassie knew that dick liked giving and receiving oral playing with her tits being on either side of unexpected but reciprocated sexual advances fucking with their masks and nothing else on watching her tits bounce during missionary and cowgirl watching her face when she came and getting honest feedback so he could make sure he was n't the only one having a good time .
he was waiting in the batcave when she returned from a mission .
he did n't have to say anything else she knew why he was there and she confirmed her interest by starting to remove her batsuit .
she rode him slower than usual taking her time lifting herself up until only his tip was still inside then letting herself fall back down as fast and hard as gravity allowed crying out each time she took his full length in .
the way she impaled herself on him over and over was enthralling and her bouncing tits only made it harder to look away .
he knew she was getting close when she spoke for the first time since she arrived .
she had a tendency to talk more right before she came and the look on her face when her orgasm hit was all it took for him to lose control and cum inside her .
he was running a hand through her hair when stephanie brown walked in wearing her robin suit .
i thought i recognized that silence. she said shamelessly admiring both of their bodies .
do n't worry i have n't told bruce and i do n't plan to.
any time sweetie. stephanie turned and went back up to the house .
promise me we wo n't stop if bruce finds out.
stephanie brown had only been robin for a week when she first met nightwing and she had known him for less than half an hour when he slid his cock inside her for the first time .
dick had n't planned on fucking anyone when he arrived at the batcave but as soon as he felt stephanie 's pussy squeeze his cock he knew he was n't stopping until they both finished .
he had arrived at the batcave to find her running on an elliptical to build endurance .
she had hopped off and after introducing themselves they started chatting for a bit .
she had just finished laughing at something he says when her expression suddenly became serious .
so is this what you do when a woman joins the team ? she asked .
sweet talk them out of their pants when bruce is n't around ?
let me guess i 'm the first one to pick up on it ?
stephanie i have no idea what you 're talking about .
i 'm not trying to sweet talk you or get in your pants.
right that 's why you came to welcome me to the team when bruce is gone.
he leaned forward and took her hands in his .
stephanie you 're a beautiful woman that anyone would be lucky to have but i 'm not trying to get in your pants.
realizing he was telling the truth she dropped her gaze .
oh. she mumbled not trying to hide her disappointment .
wait were you expecting me to try to get in your pants ?
ten minutes later stephanie gasped loudly as dick buried his thick cock balls-deep inside her and started thrusting .
dick grayson/nightwing selina kyle/catwoman the next best thing is surprisingly great .
when catwoman shows up at the batcave with a craving for bat cock nightwing is sitting at the bat computer and since no one else is around he has to explain to her not in these words that the cock she craves is on the other side of the country .
i need a big strong hero with the size and stamina to satisfy me. she whispers nuzzling his neck .
25 minutes later selina is very pleasantly surprised when dick turns out to be just as great in the sack as his mentor .
different but still good enough to make her cum twice before he came inside her .
i 'm assuming this is a one time thing that no one can ever know about. he says as they get dressed .
you 're right about keeping it between us. selina says .
i would n't mind having a well-endowed boy toy to keep me satisfied when batman is unavailable.
sweetie i never give head the first time i fuck someone.
batman does n't fully understand the appeal of hate sex until he finds himself balls-deep in copperhead pounding her pussy mercilessly while she moans taunts in his ear and encourages him to cum inside her .
he does n't trust her not to try to kill him as soon as they 're done but he has no intention of stopping until he finishes .
when it 's over they part ways without finishing the fight .
the next time they encounter each other he ends up on the receiving end of the riskiest and hottest blowjob he 's ever gotten .
he returns the favor but throughly devouring her soaking wet cunt then she rides him hard until they cum together .
this time they finish the fight and it ends with her getting away .
i 'm not interested in a man playing a woman .
please tell me which role play prompt you want to do !
i post a variety of prompts so if you just say i wan na do your role play idea i 'll have no idea which one you mean .
we can discuss kinks limits and descriptions as needed .
i role play in first person and present tense .
this can be a long term or short term role play .
we can talk here or on kik either one works for me .
i am 18 and all characters and participants must be 18 .
i saw a trailer/intro a few years ago where the narrator deepish voice says each man 's name and cuts to them with text on the screen possibly showing their name .
i believe they were going through a river on a boat when this was happening .
from what i remember it looked quite old but still was in colour and the men looked to be from that era so i assume around the 1970s and the narrator had an old-time sort of accent .
the men seemed to be working together to survive in the forest .
doing some due diligence on suburbs in the area mamaroneck looks super appealing as it 's important to us to be near the water and the city .
looking for the mrballen video that has the story of the man who saw the little girl outside and starting calling her home .
he then started stalking the family constantly and tormenting them .
i 've got a 7pro and between declining battery life 5g rollout and an imminent end of security updates i 'm considering upgrading .
getting something with less than 256gb of storage is a non-starter for me though .
one of my favorite things about my current phone is not thinking about storage and i 've currently got 180gb of stuff in it .
the 10pro seems like a natural upgrade otherwise as i 've been happy with oneplus so far .
just as the title suggests i need some help with my resume .
i 'm currently writing it but i am in a bit of a slump .
i was asking my sister if i would be able to put that i 've sold items and dealt with customers before online as work experience .
if it does n't where in my resume should i say that i have worked with customers before and dealt with issues relating in this field ?
i just thought about some one climbing through my window while i slept and then climbing on top of me cover my mouth then stab me
if there are any companies you 'd like a similar analysis run on leave them in a comment below .
i 'm also looking for feedback on this analysis layout .
zoetis inc. discovers develops manufactures and commercializes animal health medicines vaccines and diagnostic products in the united states and internationally .
it commercializes products primarily across species including livestock such as cattle swine poultry fish and sheep and companion animals comprising dogs cats and horses .
the company also offers vaccines which are biological preparations to prevent diseases of the respiratory gastrointestinal and reproductive tracts or induce a specific immune response anti-infectives that prevent kill or slow the growth of bacteria fungi or protozoa and parasiticides that prevent or eliminate external and internal parasites which include fleas ticks and worms .
it also provides other pharmaceutical products that comprise pain and sedation antiemetic reproductive and oncology products dermatology products for itch associated with allergic conditions and atopic dermatitis and medicated feed additives which offer medicines to livestock .
in addition the company provides portable blood and urine analysis testing including point-of-care diagnostic products instruments and reagents rapid immunoassay tests reference laboratory kits and services and blood glucose monitors and other non-pharmaceutical products including nutritionals and agribusiness services as well as products and services in areas such as biodevices genetics tests and precision animal health .
it markets its products to veterinarians livestock producers and retail outlets as well as third-party veterinary distributors through its sales representatives and technical and veterinary operations specialists .
the company was founded in 1952 and is headquartered in parsippany new jersey .
based on my discounted cash flow analysis intrinsic value ranges are as follows
according to my pricing and discounted cash flow analyses at a per-share price of 187.30 zoetis is more than likely overvalued .
based on my margin analysis and company quality score of 86.27 zoetis appears to be a high quality business .
based on analyst estimates revenues are expected to grow at a high estimated rate of 10.12 and grow at a low estimated rate of 4.66 over the next 2 years .
according to the latest 10k/10q the company currently has 3,500,000,000 available in its share repurchase program which at today 's price is equivalent to 18,686,599 shares or 4 of the company 's current shares outstanding .
the company is currently paying a dividend to shareholders and should be able to maintain this dividend based on my earnings analysis .
empty tome and christine both a must https preview.redd.it/8fobioie6lt81.png ? width=1539 format=png auto=webp v=enabled s=1d13386fe4c69e3753a69e19a7cd6510be1d036e
was able to survive for 35 minutes in the tower .
the key is to get max cooldown with good base cooldown boost for christine and clock lancet .
i was doing observational drawing of my statue i have .
the proportions are wrong something i have to work on .
i am making progress on my art journey which makes me happy .
i get my 2021 bonus tomorrow and would like to buy a new club .
i bought irons over the summer but my driver putter and 56 are all still pretty trash .
which club will an upgrade in quality make the biggest difference ?
i 'm not particularly good but i did notice a massive difference with my new irons .
i suck at putting way worse than driving or with the 56 but those are n't exactly spectacular either .
what is the general consensus about the steelcase gesture as i 'm planning on purchasing one .
however i am unable to sit in one prior as the nearest showroom is 6 hours away while using public transport .
iv heard quite a few problems with the extra lumbar support and would it just be best to not purchase it .
i 'm defiantly not buying the headrest either as it looks it would get in the way .
also would the chair be too short as i 'm 6,1 .
iv looked at the aeron aswell however the fact that it can restrict my sitting position has been overstated and worrisome .
i 'm in the uk and would like to hear about other chairs if there are any that can compair as i 'll be going far out my way to get the steelcase gesture .
my date asked me to come to a certain place on a certain day but i forgot to show up .
how can i make it up to my date ?
if my bump on my knee is small and does n't pop out so much osgood-schlatter disease and i still get surgery would i need a cast with crutches ?
i may get surgery im just not the best with crutches .
we went to visit a few weeks ago and he realized just how much he misses all the delicious pastelitos .
he has n't been able to find any place in the city that sells them .
we 've also been on the hunt for cuban bread !
is anyone else having issues loading the course quizzes through the app ?
i can go to the mobile site as a workaround but i have n't been able to figure it out .
i can loaded quizzes for a previous aws cloud practicioner course but not for the aws certified developer course .
i 've tried restarting my device and closing/opening the app .
my next step would be uninstalling and reinstalling but i thought i 'd first check and see if it 's a widespread issue .
it 's weird because i could load quizzes for 3/4 of my journey through the course and then suddenly i could n't and the previous section quizzes wo n't load anymore either .
when i had my 3090 a app called greenwithenvy '' did a great job of managing the fan curves .
but now with mu 6900xt i cant find a app to do so .
i tried and configured corectrl and it does nothing for my fans i do have a different kind of 6900xt its a strix lc the one with a aio on it and this app dose not control my fans .
i ca n't trust this person anymore and it 's hurting me every time i let him back in .
i feel really stupid for falling for it every time .
i saw the emotional abuse in the silent treatments he would give me until he decided he wanted to apologize and ... be intimate of course .
i 've been around the block enough times to know an abuser when i see one ...
i 've been properly abused and i thought i knew better by now .
or he 's fooling himself into believing that he is n't being emotionally abusive .
we were supposed to be making a healthy new start .
i held up my end like a healthy person does and he 's gone silent again .
just did n't msg when he said and it 's been days .
he 's likely waiting for me to go crazy '' so he can have an excuse for his behavior .
me going crazy '' is simply messaging him crying over how he lied to me again and begging him to talk to me .
worst part is i think he shared private things with someone else ...
i 'm panicking to think that he actually did that to me because he promised .
we promised never to share that stuff with anyone else .
we 've been through a lot together and i 'm shattered at the thought that the person i believe loves me and wants to keep me in his life is actually an abusive person .
not someone who 's simply damaged and trying to be better ... but a totally self aware lying manipulative vindictive cruel sick individual with some serious issues that he 's using me to feed .
we have large reserves of copper and uranium are beginning to mine remaining untapped uranium deposits to build electronics and nueclear power plants or clean energy respectively .
we hope this does not affect our trade relations with russia as we intend to contiue trade with them
i purchased some cro on the cdc app sent it to the defi wallet on the chronos beta option not the .com one i tapped on dapps i tapped on earn i tapped on vaults what 's next ?
sense nomura reveal about the build/scrap command how would it work ?
i do n't know if i 'm over reacting but all i could think about for the last few weeks was if my friends really liked me or not .
i usually become the butt of the joke with my whole class whether it 's because i 'm unathletic or i 'm dating the weird girl .
and i 'm afraid to confront anyone because they might think i 'm just too soft which would probably make it worst .
but i do n't know if i 'm just over reacting .
what kind of race waig and gil even are ?
egyebkent pont ilyenkor latszik mi a problema oroszorszaggal altalaban .
ha az oroszok nem utazhatnak nyugatra az nagy ervagas ott tartjak a penzuket a gazdagok de meg a kicsit tehetosek is ide jarnak nyaralni es a gyulolt nyugat termekeit hasznaljak nap mint nap .
forditva viszont ez nem letezik a kutya nam megy oroszorszagba orosz termekek nincsenek is a piacon nem hogy nelkulozhetetlenek lennenek .
az egyetlen exportcikkuk a szenhidrogen es egyeb nyersanyagok pl .
uran palladium rez semmi mast nem tudnak kinalni a vilagnak .
anyone who didnt want the help could read the name then send them back if they really wanted to
hi upvoted please upvote my comment and go to my profile and upvote my posts
though it 's never been a problem for me through the years .
i am also prepping for jee and yes we all wish we could leave this country as soon as possible..
you know why ? ..we have to slog 16 hours a day stay awake till 3 in the morning and then sleep and wake up at 7 again to study..
all this for a college which is the only thiing the societ sees as success..that 's all
and then what you will get stuck in work life again grinding your ass at work because work space competition ...
we are sick of this exessive competition ! ..and the unfairness in the edu system
controverial iit-b cs course needs an air 70 for general category..and then girls topper rank is 90 ish and she to can get in cs..is it fair ?
we have system of rejecting the masses not selecting the best..
there are many industries that overpromise and underpay not just mncs .
ido n't eeally have anything to trade ... if so what price ?
if u ca n't afford to host a party do n't host one
yep they take this way more seriously than cops will .
as in they would not have died if they did n't have covid .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/assholebehindthong if you have any questions or concerns .
was only gay for a few years in the new 52 .
or is that something they applied to his main universe version when they brought back the classic version
most people who say things like this are themselves very insecure people with low confidence .
i can relate to finding a fighter annoying or not liking them but sometimes you can tell they hate when a fighter is arrogant .
dude if he does n't believe in himself no one will .
if you have any volcanos you can get a petroleum boiler going it will take a while though but it 's worth or just some steam turbines .
you can also tap into the magma at the bottom of the map .
i always start my games with lots of hatches because i 'm noob and need the op coal and meat crutch .
why 's that one lady have lara croft boobs circa 1997 ?
i do n't mind if he buys himself a book tbh .
he might have finished 2nd with pace shown by lec
als ich in istanbul war da war ich noch zarte 16 hab ich verzweifelt einen deutschen also kebab salat fleisch etc .
ansonsten stimme ich dir zu wobei es halt auch nicht ganz so einfach ist alles selbst zu produzieren .
he 's likely counting everyone who is working on getting the engine working right for next year 's game as also working on 2042 since it translates into at least some of the bug fixes .
the working on 2042 '' is incidental to the main project they are working on .
but how else will i add to my collection of 1-star ghoul slayer 's t-45 right arms ?
i need them for a ... 'special project ' .
this grew out of some dried moss from central kalimantan most likely sampit so it 's probably going to be very hard to identify i should imagine !
since i am a democrat and i agree with his policies i most definitely will .
it 's a free podcast at the end of the day and it 's quite easy to skip them i do n't really see the big deal .
it 's better than watching something on tv that is 50 advertisement 50 show and you ca n't skip it .
i remember the cartoon version of sleepy hollow fucked me up when i was really little .
i was also petrified of disney 's pinnochio but also loved it and would rewatch it over and over guess i always enjoyed being scared !
i still maintain that pinnochio is purposefully creepy and traumatic the part where the boy is morphing into a donkey screaming 'i want my momma ! '
mmmmm this daddy would love to stretch your tight little holes with my thick horny older cock..such a sexy little kitten needs lots of strokes !
if we should expect the cops to kill us for not complying we should change what we a a society expect from the cops .
no those called to be watchers by god the holy spirit often confirms their words to others believers .
the most knowledgeable people about how god uses stars and the moon and other stuff .
and with holy spirit confirming their words i wanted to start the discussion to see if anyone awake with holy spirit leading them is seeing the same thing .
first time saw cow dung telling me that i am shit
it 's also a reletively dumb indicator when you 've got so many other better directional indicators like the sun .
try explaining the futility of cheating performance measurements to a bored 16 year old .
the manager tells them to do it and they do it .
the manager probably gets a bonus based on the drive through performance .
that looks way diffrent than the sex skeletons i keep in my basement !
oh wait you said doll oops my bad carry on disregard my comment !
if you literally want to have to walk less than 100 ft for hookers and your door ... cocal is the place for you !
new jersey maryland delaware pennsylvania and dc people are basically all just the same people
i do get vibes of a nasa rocket launch when i watch it back .
i did n't make the change all at once i feel like it would be a bit harder that way .
by all means go for it if that 's how you wan na do it but phasing things out certainly helps .
i was pescatarian for a while before i eventually just ended up cutting everything out to go vegan .
it would get worse quickly because both have extremely high expectations for their partners and they would argue all the time .
universal reddit downloader https reddit.tube you need to input the url manually
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/saimansays if you have any questions or concerns .
however the invading army also has an aerial escort .
so it would be quite costly to do so .
however all skyships have been grounded at this time .
took me literally 1 second to upvote you please do the same please
more like why are there like 5 different versions of the engraving choice bags that do n't stack ?
yeah i was hoping echo was going to be a support .
do n't recall what i thought her abilities would be though something involving shields .
hell crazy enough that 's why i got this cause someone hit and run my acura tsx .
hope you get that buffed out for real and be back with the accord gang .
also did i ever tell y'all i banged a dude who won the ink master show ?
every single member of their family to go get burned alive ?
without also being expected to send their family as well ?
we know the cassel family rode with ned so it 's reasonable to expect the same for other steward families .
yea ... soon as i read the first few sentences and 1619 project i agreed in a heartbeat .
you do n't teach lies in school ... the pain of having to agree with republicans ...
i have seen it a couple of times but never got info on what happened so this reply is useless .
so brodie is here and the same day we now have 2 guys on the covid il list .
did n't they learn from the last time he was allowed in ?
edit-lmao just saw the giant seahawks banner taking up most of the screen
it annoyed me how black panther had the token white guy rammed in
story would have been better if it had just been about wakanda
united states has one of the highest gini indexes of any nation .
and much higher then the well known western nation averages .
idk i am not currently binging it and i expect a reddit comment not to get in my head like that .
i actually forgot it until i got you reply .
only thing is it might pop back in my head when i am watching s8 .
ngl sometimes i 'm still in disbelief about when we elected donald trump .
i can remember that election day how absolutely shook i was .
before you do anything read the pinned post regarding ruqqus .
if your survey publishes the data it collects anywhere even privately to a class discussion or something similar or knowingly collects information on minors under 18 these questions are required and must be answered within 24 hours of you posting your survey .
if you or a small group of people under 6 are the only people who will see this data these questions are not required .
as always if you have any questions do not hesitate to message the moderators .
if your survey contains a consent statement or similar document/text/description/etc .
that is displayed before starting the survey or in another blatantly obvious location that answers these questions please reply to the comment with questions answered in survey '' or something similar .
please reply to this comment with answers to the following questions
how will the data that people provide to you be used ?
you can answer with your reddit username business name etc .
please make sure that everyone conducting the survey is mentioned for example if the survey is being conducted by a group answer the group name or mention everyone in the group .
how long do you estimate it will take to fill out your survey ?
optional if your survey offers any form of compensation please explain what it is and how it can be redeemed .
optional are there any specific demographics you want/do not want to hear from ?
optional what are you hoping to accomplish by posting your survey here ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/takemysurvey if you have any questions or concerns .
are no regs that big of a deal on online tournies ?
this sounds like a very good thing but nothing is free so i 'm wondering if they are going to increase taxes or if money will be re-allocated from somewhere else .
lift laptop 's back up/use a laptop stand or a cooler to have it lifted .
disable cpu boost since you 're having amd cpu .
but still since when do you have the laptop ?
your temps are hot even for someone who has it flat on table .
i have the same configuration as you do but even during a game like god of war my cpu sits around 80 to 90c and gpu never goes above 73c .
i do n't rest at all and do supersets .
i enjoy having time in my day and being efficient with my gym so i can pack a ton of work in .
who needs those luxury '' cars just look what they done with our cities
i just yesterday were walking in kyiv and made a video how one of it districts looks like right now .
if your payment setup for customers is prone to fraud the employee who is actually working should n't be liable just cuz your website sucks .
even faster if he knows there 's a fish-food pizza waiting for him at the end !
about the housing issue in other countries you 'll at least be trying to get something nice and clean .
here most properties on the market are damp moldy and barely holding any heat .
maybe not highly unlikely '' since it has happened 5 or 6 times i lost count ... in the past year the last one was just 8 days ago !
i 'd just say it 's a non-zero/non-trivial risk .
have you tried using both the nfc and rfid scanning apps on the flipper did either of them produce an output
if no then it may simply be that the type of card you have is not currently supported under the flipper firmware .
future functionality is in the works but for the time being your card is n't supported
if you 're desperate about cloning you can look into things like the promxark3
comedians might find themselves to be hilarious but they ca n't force others to think they 're funny .
i think the new gen is burnt out on controversy .
edgy takes do n't land like they used to .
the times have changed and i do n't think that 's a bad thing .
they do and they are donating the profits from the russian market for the past few weeks .
it 's already pretty known but nestle bad is good for reddit karma .
dear lord all that does is teach the creeps how to hide better .
they are literally training child predators to be more skilled at getting away with it .
these 'content ' creators are the ones who need the police called on them .
worldwide '' energy sales china and india now since nobody else wants it 😂
a significant portion of physicsts can do some light coding for data analysis but anything much more complex than that is beyond them .
that is beginning to change as so much of our society includes more tech but it is still a rule of thumb that gets a lot of miles .
having worked with a large number of engineers over the years i 'd have to say most of them ca n't code properly either .
maybe it was an expectation back in the day that they would never need to write software but putting somebody in a position to write software when they have no idea what they are dong can be hilarious at times .
i really doubt that it is any different with physicists .
this is why i see a good tie in here .
it does n't matter if you go into hard science or engineering if you have a demonstrable ability to program well you will be considered over others that ca n't .
in some cases a cs degree with an engineering degree as a minor would be a plus for many engineering '' positions .
or to put it another way the ability to code is now a key qualification for many engineering positions .
it 's interesting how mike believes in these expert labels thrown his way .
shoutout to when he thought extra time in soccer was unlimited or to the time david samson corrected him on what an octave is .
he absolutely cares a lot about his hobbies but it shows that passion does n't have to equate to knowledge .
they need to go outside and get some fresh air
which looks no different to other platforms when done right .
well different from what they think free speech ' means anyway .
i would very much argue that twitter reddit et all is not done right '' at this moment in time .
yes it 's the management that is so exhausting for me .
there 's a big age experience and also just social competency gap but i feel i 've been really patient .
they should have had at least 4 or 5 new maps by now .
while i am never one to turn down arson an even funnier solution than a rick roll would be to play the carless whisper sax solo
i am not american so cps or other actions that should be taken are not in my area .
you should never ever not in a single second leave your daughter with this boy alone .
imagine if you were n't there with them in bath for a single second all it would take for that kid to do what he meant to do is a second .
stranger danger is bullshit most of sexual assaults on children are done by people they know/family or family friends .
13-17 year olds on the internet where there is far worse .
they will play anything they want all that matters legally is the games rating by the esrb .
i was in a weird simulation game mood and saw ck3 was on gamepass so i randomly picked it up one day .
i still cant put it down 4 months later .
i 'm not saying that the pc party now is the same as when bill davis ran it .they may not be what you want as a centrist party but that 's beside the point .
that 's where the party has headed in recent years as the others go further in the opposite direction .
no because i actually know how to communicate and i have boundaries .
in the beginning we agreed that if the other wanted the room to just let the other person know and there would be no issues .
if this had unreasonable for her or if she felt it needed to be reevaluated she could 've said that .
i will message you next time u/bardivyknox posts in r/eroticliterature .
click this link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=updatemebot subject=update message=updateme 21 20u 2fbardivyknox 20r 2feroticliterature to join 17 others and be messaged .
the parent author can delete this post https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=updatemebot subject=delete message=delete 20u39muc
ull hates us lol their fan base consist of lsu fans who go to their games because they live in lafayette do n't want to drive to baton rouge and people who hate lsu fans .
if you 're mostly road best tire toy can buy ride quality is excellent low noise and very fuel efficient tire
if they are n't paying you to sit around and wait you are n't an employee .
take the job that will start now and as soon as you are situated and working let the idiots slow rolling the hiring process know you 're no longer interested .
even if they have a contract if they have n't been paying you since march 21st they breached it anyway .
much preferred the sport over the lx when i got my hank
for megadeth i 'd go for last rites/loved to deth or tornado or hanger 18 .
nah man does n't work that way trust me .
no other champ has taught me to be humble as much as shen has .
i was firmly in the harbs/dodds camp but the more i hear about what harbs wanted the more i 'm glad we went a different route .
i think he can still be a great nfl coach but i have zero desire to get ourselves into another empire gruden situation .
look up cannabis hyperemesis syndrome you might want to take a break .
also i drink natural peppermint tea and take raw ginger in the morning with turmeric black pepper .
time to stack up before we blew for round two
got my whole crew and all we know is hodl
trolls say doge suck but this ai n't a brothel
brother 's got me to the end so i 'll set the limit hittin send
i 've heard it 's so hard tho 💀💀 which prof did you have ?
what prevented you from doing all 3 sets of parts at once ?
i do understand that used cars are expensive right now so i know i probably paid that premium .
presumably you mean full regulation '' by the government ?
the government is already regulating some things about social media .
tik tok may currently be under investigation by the justice department .
facebook had to go before congress and defend some actions they 've taken .
the issue is where the line is drawn not if the line is drawn .
find a socket the size of the flats metric/sae and a slot with your dremmel in the socket they 're only a couple of bucks each and easy to find .
a quick search would have told them everything they needed to know about the group .
any mbt gets busted by 30 mm cannon to the side .
because the fact that she did n't abandon her child just negates her vile cruel racist behaviour .
no one deserves applause for not abandoning their child .
she chose to have op it was her obligation .
this post is n't about the father so stop with the bullshit deflections .
parents that stick around are not absolved of their garbage behaviour .
she clearly views the black parts of op as ugly .
i have n't tried this yet as i normally keep the voice guidance muted .
are you saying that as it stands the aa guidance and music volumes are tied together ?
use the code like this ! hayasaka is best girl ! .
it will show up like ! hayasaka is best girl !
reminder to op please flair the post appropriately and tag the post as spoiler if necessary .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kaguya_sama if you have any questions or concerns .
the only difference here that i can see is that i have n't seen reports of bombers jettisoning their bombs .
of course they did abandon a fuck ton of tanks .
people do that they do n't eat the crust ?
if it 's really that bad just dip it into something .
i honestly never knew this was an issue to some people ...
i learned that mmc got banned yesterday that was my number 1 so i am trying to find alternatives
yes babe i want a full day pass at least 😘😈
you could have a pin board and be able to see them without them taking up as much space ?
i hope you 'll have fun discovering their discography so many hidden gems there .
as a stay i can confidently say that we are crazy about their music this year they will drop another album and i can ‘t wait for more stray kids ' music 🥰
if you think about it democracy could also lead to the break up of the nation tbh .
you customize the aspect ratio of each system 's box art .
they have preset options with systems listed next to them for reference but you can also set a custom aspect ratio if you 'd like .
i used the psp box art aspect ratio for my snes library .
some box art like the super mario rpg on screen was custom made by me since the original is horizontal .
i 've done it with a few games for setups like this .
the hopper situation has n't been better since xqc left the server to be honest especially if you consider general viewership to hopper-ratio .
but maybe younger religious guys might be up for it as you suggested .
it 's fine even if they do what 's important is economic autonomy .
that allows for a much more efficient economic system as opposed to you buying and guessing their needs .
if you know the very basics of what you 're supposed to be doing just jumping in is n't a bad idea .
the very first time will be awkward and you probably wo n't feel super confident but just like with sex it becomes infinitely easier every time after that .
there is really no amount of preparation that can replace practice so if i were you i 'd make sure i knew what i was doing and then jump in .
text and voice are similar enough that the transition should n't be too jarring once you get past the novelty of it .
the techniques are all but identical aside from the form in which they come .
i can tell you that that 's exactly what i did and it worked .
i did n't have any sort of game plan or outline .
your first time and probably until you feel confident in your skills and yourself you should stick to simple things like just inductions or straightforward suggestions .
you should also work on establishing a voice trigger to drop em into trance .
i 've noticed that unique triggers not triggers you 'd hear in other audios or that are just popular overall add a certain intimate feel to the trance and make it feel so much better .
when you both have triggers for yourself that you 've never seen or heard anyone else use they feel special .
so perhaps work on that if you have n't already and if you actually want your trances to feel intimate .
if not it makes it hard to judge how well your suggestions are working .
you may want to ask a lot of questions and specifically suggest that they answer in some small way .
anything that can give you an idea of how well the hypnosis is working and where you need to focus your attention on .
it sounds like fascism because that 's exactly what it is .
government ideology and policy pushed by and to benefit corporations and vice versa .
always remember that if it too good to be true that 's a scam .
the title is saying the video is from the giant 's point of view aka the giant 's eyes .
this means the video we 're watching is from the giant 's view of the tarnished they are fighting .
have a lightweight scarf that you can use to cover your shoulders or knees if your hemline is too short .
imagine hatin wotc and lurking on a magic sub your life is so pathetic lmao
it might be all that neckbeard issue you have at this point this is either being dominated by a company you hate or cockball torture .
efficient way to get people in the same house without needing any scenario
this does n't surprise me i do n't doubt that misogyny has been a problem in schools for a long time but the internet has provided essentially a formalised pipeline to misogyny these days for disaffected teenage boys .
it 's easy for boys to feel lonely isolated or romantically incapable at school and even easier to look for answers to those problems online .
30 years ago you 'd have asked your parents or a friend and they 'd probably have given some decent advice reinforced with the general cultural biases at the time .
nowadays the problem lies with the ease of going from searching for how to get a girlfriend '' to things like red pill/pua/seduction or rabid right-wing anti-feminist content or incel communities in this case .
it 's hard to stay in shallow waters when there 's algorithms in everything you use pushing more extreme content in your youtube sidebar or your tiktok feed .
these communities provide extreme answers and negative emotional validation to your problems .
the women and girls at your school are hypergamous sluts to be manipulated for romance/sex or they 've gone too far with feminism and now can do whatever horrible things they want or they would just never look at you in a million years because you 're subhuman to them .
these are all things that make you angry and get you invested .
you learn all the lingo and terms that make you incomprehensible to others outside that bubble and drive you deeper in .
the ultimate problem is that teenage boys are looking for answers to why they feel bad the way they do and the easiest way to get those answers the internet pushes them towards answers that make them angry at women .
if you like gaming the online culture inherent among gamers and things like youtube recommendations will push you towards anti-sjw '' content and then further and further down the rabbit hole .
you can like pewdiepie for games get recommended his meme review series watch the one with ben shapiro in it and then start getting recommended daily wire nonsense .
for a realistic solution teaching kids about the internet as a place where critical thinking needs to be engaged is probably pretty vital .
there needs to be talk of algorithms of not accepting comments and videos and posts as fact and of critically engaging with content .
put it in ict or citizenship or english class or whatever .
a more idealistic solution would be addressing toxic masculinity as a whole .
these boys are not dealing with their emotions in a healthy way and the pressure to be cool and manly and composed is probably a good part of that .
removing the idea that men must suffer in silence whether dealing with their emotions internally works for them in a healthy way or not would probably help these boys a lot they could lean on friends and family and even teachers for support and not need negative validation from extremist communities .
it 's no disrespect to them but they have never been the champ
we do not engage with subreddits we report on .
reddit has and enforces a sitewide rule against community interference and we 've been demanding they have one and enforce it for years.
the harry kane saga was always going to be a tough one given how stubborn levy is we were fully ready to make the move but levy refused to negotiate haaland has a release clause .
dortmund ca n't do anything to prevent this transfer from happening like spurs did .
always selling the same stuffs that can be found cheaper online .
are n't most people doing their shopping online now ?
i 'm glad that you 've discovered a new feature of rg.el
if you play adaman going 1st you probably do n't even know if the true draco player already quit .
true draco players are trying to quickly get done with the event .
they are the last person who would sit and watch adaman combo .
kinda want to start an earnhardt lighter collection considering there 's thousands of them lmao is that one a zippo ?
the problem is that he has the wrong hair texture for the style that 's why it looks so bad .
his 25 west african dna is fighting for its life and loosing lol
corporate wants you to distinguish the difference between the women at the end
do they bother you or are they good enough ?
can i please be your friend ma'am i want this too !
if the only reason you 're being dominant is for the sexual things you get back then you definitely are n't a true dom .
just setting rules orders and punishments has just as much satisfaction .
u/guy_who_says_vore do you mind me tagging you in this stuff ?
strange to think that aota will offer all sorts of middling benefits but has n't thought to do this .
to me who is trying it in the original campaign cataclysm difficulty hoodlum looks to be a tank easy to reach around 30 ac through gear and feats .
pair him with another tank like paladin and you will have really nice burst from both your frontlines .
literally all sears had to do was put their mail order cataloge online and they would be amazon .
especially if they put the bra and panty section online in about 1996. they would have crashed the internet .
thanks i 'll definitely check my speed to compare to what u gave me since ive been using a fitbit to check and now that i got my speed sensor i guess it 'll give me more accuracy .
please ensure that there are no spoilers in the title and if this post does have spoilers in the title resubmit with a non-spoiler title or it will be removed for spoilers .
any media posted using this tag needs to be sourced .
failure to do so will result in your post being removed .
for help with sourcing check out our fan art sourcing guide .
https www.reddit.com/r/re_zero/wiki/rules wiki_11_.7c_sourcing_fan_art also please keep in mind that you can only have 1 fan art post per 24 hour period .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/re_zero if you have any questions or concerns .
love how you just casually tossed 'non-verbal ' in there .
this would n't be the canine 'son ' who pees all over the carpet and sleeps on the dining room floor now would it ?
my name is the same i did n't post too much on bc just had moments now and then
i was like why should there be so many bombings in the us ?
that 'd cross about a half dozen safeguarding red flags .
the indian ymca in central london is the one most authentic indian home style cooking you can get .
£11 for a thali and you can go up for seconds if you want .
opposite the emirates there 's a great restaurant called xian impressions genuinely one of the best chinese places in london hand pulled noodles etc and bring your own booze .
i dont buy tops with the cups detailing for this exact reason i wishthey came in fuller bust options though so cute ! ! !
ok i play this game very occasionally when tf do you become a mercenary ?
i have 2 in section 109 row a 100 for both
on one hand i 'm very jealous but on the other i do not envy all the issues that oversuppliers have to deal with .
he has the comfort of the faces of all his victims every time he closes his eyes .
it 's very hard to tell what happened because i was on gabapentin and benzos .
i believe my brain latched onto whatever pill i put in my mouth and yes ... 6 weeks of klonopin and 2.25 years later my brain is still healing .
yeah we will get more than 48 hours to rest and recover this one get the fuck out of this sub and back into your own sub fake tough guy
so in one turn you did n't fail to hit wound or non pen a single shot ?
i think that acceptable risk varies from person to person .
i also think that based on my current lifestyle and health that my risk would be less as my current daily routine is fairly nun like in more ways than one 😔
but i do n't want to derail this topic .
i have a basic understanding that bica does n't block testosterone from being created but stops it from activating testosterone receptors in the body 's cells .
i 'm wondering if potentially this mechanism plays any role on facial hair growth cycles .
i also seem to see a lot less hair thickness on my legs now that i think about it .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=bella16283 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
at first i thought it was kind of a weird idea but it 's kinda growing on me lol
please message op https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=virginscot instead or send them a chat .
if you 'd like to get a verified flair on your account send a picture with your face/body visible your username and today 's date/time visible on a piece of paper that has been crumpled up and i 'll get a verified flair added to your account asap .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/scotlandr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
ljudi koji zaradjuju ispod 500e uspeju da letuju negde i zive s tim platama ti sa 2 hiljade ne mozes da se skrpis .
i think those church dad 's deserve to see some whale tail next
ha as if two missiles could bring down the proud mosvka .
all the same this is probably a case where an ammo explosion was confused for a third missile .
in any other democracy this would be grounds for immediate impeachment .
it 's interesting because you could say that it 's a destabilization of strasbourg and stephan .
but since he would need us to finish out of the european spot if he wants a chance at that position he actually needs to do his best either way .
that 's what i thought but they wo n't budge .
they charged 377 for the swab and the rest was the office visit. i 'm probably gon na hit up pine tree legal .
yes baby you are smoking hot and a sexy ass milf
also it 's so funny how all of a sudden people in the comments care about pronouns
abuse of mechanic usually leads to a nerf doesnt it ?
but joking aside its only possible since the update which came on.march 6th ?
before that strafe runners refused to attack opfor mechs .
it 's either her or seven that much is certain .
i used fenty eaze droptint as my foundation and applied the pressed pat mcgrath powder with the beauty blender puff all over my face and it blurred it so perfect it looks amazing !
a combo of pat mcgrath of 1995 topped with flesh 3 .
what did you expect after i spend time some time .
hey my imagination gets inspired y'know ? ! ? !
i 'm not trying to belittle or criticize panamanian culture or anything like that .
yup and it does n't help that im introverted so people like venting to me .
nothing wrong with enjoying wearing makeup but always remember you 're beautiful without it too
why were the enchantments removed in the first place ?
i might be wrong myself but because tank tops built the tank jungle item and ezreal built the ap one iirc ?
i believe with the current system of needing the jung item in your inventory and smiting jungle camps 5 times enchantments could work even if a laner built the jungle item and went for the 5 smites they 'd get the 1 gold penalty from minions eventually so just make the enchantment a thing you can buy from the shop with the upgraded smite ?
our right wing would be considered left by american standards .
people who vote tory will vote against their best interests as long as they can keep the immigrants out and lower taxes even when they earn £40k a year whilst their house and car are leased .
idk why but the ref turning around and walking to give penalty call looked very dramatic
tucker carlson has the highest rated cable news show on television .
with that many viewers his covering this topic is a good thing .
anytime any mainstream news outlet covers it its a good thing .
lets keep our eye on the ball and not let petty infighting divide or divert us .
if you still play this mess it 's on you at this point
good thing biking in the netherlands is significantly safer per unit of time in comparison to driving in the united states in multiple metrics including head injuries .
because if not you 're at a greater risk than you would be not wearing a helmet in the netherlands .
biking there is by far the safest in the world they have incredibly low numbers of traffic fatalities regardless of our-of-context personal anecdotes they dutch doing fine without helmets .
this whole post and every commenter is just ignorant of the reality on the ground there .
especially on twitter loads of big pkers telling jagex how it 's gon na fuck things up and break it lol
this whole thing just breaks 99 of pk builds and forces everyone into the 1 optimal build .
you 'd have to 'pay ' for better damage by getting combat levels or hp/def levels now there 's just gon na be 1 def pures with gear that even outclasses higher combat accounts
nah i had like 300 days played in og tbc and pretty much did every single thing possible while i did play wotlk i skipped a tonne of content as life was busy barely touched icc but did kill lich king right at the end of the expansion after rs was released there 's lots for me to do in wotlk
your post has been automatically assigned the flair searching '' unless you already assigned it yourself .
once the food is identified or partially indentified so i can automatically assign the corresponding flag .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tipofmyfork if you have any questions or concerns .
smart literally did that this year and the majority of this sub defended them rightfully .
how do you guys have the most championships but such a big victim complex ?
why does n't she learn to write fucking legibly before policing water consumption
tl dr cc requires no skill but the enemy team is always better than my team
as twisted as it is to say thats another reason to keep going at least
i assumed the sigma skin but looking at the other comments i dunno .
we 're not gon na lose the league if we lose this game relax
0 of your last 1 comments c submissions s have been removed .
i 'm a bot that detects shadowbans and removed comments/submissions .
at the center of the longer it is connected to the shorter .
and that is connected to the base rings lower part .
dont get confused by the down payment scenario 1 is just saying x+y 80 and we will start with x as 0 or 1 whatever and y as the full value of the mortgage '' .
in both cases with each mortgage payment the principal portion of the payment is re-opened as available on the heloc .
once you 've paid down 10,000 worth of mortgage you have a 10,000 heloc etc .
tried to test and see if it was an auto correct issue .
nothing on urban dictionary about this specific term and google searches are n't yielding anything specific .
avada kedrava seems more humane than giving someone to the dementors .
maybe they should give convict 's a choice who are on death row or going to azkaban
i get banned for saying among us sex but not sexy sexy
but when we ride very fast motorcycles we ride with immaculate sanity .
we might abuse a substance here and there but only when it 's right .
the final measure of any rider 's skill is the inverse ratio of his preferred traveling speed to the number of bad scars on his body .
it is that simple if you ride fast and crash you are a bad rider .
and if you are a bad rider you should not ride motorcycles . ''
all of a sudden i 'm grossed out by to much cleavage .
any idea on what happens if u give him all the death roots after beating maliketh ?
idk who i got her mixed up with on this one .
can you not just the press light attack button while sprinting ... ?
my understanding or maybe assumption is that for shares which are still held in traditional brokerages the brokers are given the proxy materials and then those are sent to however many people are holding shares— left up to broker to distribute to everyone there not gamestop handing out a limited amount .
to capture all in ss control but it will also give the shares that people can not get or wo n't get out of brokerage accounts for whatever reason a voice that they have until now not had an opportunity to use .
all the shares in brokerages would get voted not just drs correct ?
in which case would n't that probably result in an overvote that is grossly in excess of how many shares there should be ?
now my understanding is that this happens not infrequently and they normalize the votes based on pro rata or something equitable .
and this is more or less somewhat normal so an overvote in and of itself is not particularly eyebrow raising .
if we are correct there are not going to be extra shares in the thousands totally normal”🙈🙉🙊 there are going to be millions of extra shares .
would n't this give rc exactly what he needs to go stick in dtcc 's pie hole ?
how could even the sec ignore evidence like that ?
so if i am correct and a vote would do this the sooner the better ! !
do n't be lazy and vote yes by default if i am correct go give rc the proof he wants !
and if i am not right still go vote if there is a majority before end of voting period i bet there is some mechanism to call it early .
even if not do n't be lazy go and vote .
are there many or any office workplaces with mandatory mask mandates out there still ?
the changes to their uts and mamlukes will definitely help them but will they be enough to help them be a force in 1v1s even if it 's just one age ?
i ca n't cope with this i ca n't eat sleep my anxiety is through the roof am already on anti depressants but i just ca n't shake this feeling .
my partner is getting annoyed because i keep bringing it up everytime we 're together he 's burying his head in the sand the threats are getting larger everyday i live in glasgow scotland we have a base here so if they nuked us we be the first to go up i really do n't know how much more i can take i feel like if we do go nuclear i might just end it now coz the thought of burning to death puts the fear of death into me i fear 😱 for my family and everyone i feel so hopeless i do n't want to go to the doctor as i feel they wo n't take me seriously .
are you allowed to do poor man cover call on webull ?
playing the dlc but a corrupted file is causing the game to crash when i leave catacombs .
so im pretty far in this game and i thought i stumbled across a vault on accident with his armor locked behind it .
it looked like a strenuous ordeal just to get it .
some kind of enigma '' you have to find ?
i ca n't find any info or mission on this come someone help me 😭
one of my rarest from memory is segrate in italy 0.09 .
i lived there for a few years in my childhood .
i also got 's-gravenzande 0.08 but i just remember the name .
i do n't know where i first saw the name though .
anyone know where you can buy 100 or even 96oct in the area ?
edit looks like seiberts has it by the 5gal container but no pump .
i 've tried to send a small test eth payment to my nexo using polygon .
nexo suggests i had to have sent weth presuming cdc does n't automatically do this when sending via polygon ?
any thoughts on how to get eth into nexo without paying ridiculous fees ?
'customer service ' was quick to get in touch with me within minutes to help me with this .
i adopted a 3 year old lab x called sammy from a shelter in october 2021 .
he is quite timid but coming out of his shell .
one of the issues i 've had is his separation anxiety when i leave him .
i bought a nanny cam to see how he was when i left him i kept him contained in one room at the start and he is not destructive at all but he just lies at the door and whines/cries .
he rarely barks in general and does n't bark when i leave him just cries .
i 've tried leaving him distractions like food in kong toys etc but he 's not too fussed on them or any other distraction toys in general even with me at home .
only thing he is interested in is chasing a ball lol
i now let him have full reign of the house when i go out as he is n't destructive but when i get home he is always lying by the front door .
i did put a camera in my bedroom once when going to the movies as i had hoped he might just go lie on the bed but he just jumps on the bed to look out the window and whine he will then leave the bedroom and come back and whine a bit further and repeat this .
he sleeps on his own at night downstairs with mostly no issue .
he whines the occasional night but after a stern word he goes to his bed and settles .
he has also started leaving me when i 'm at home to wander upstairs or i might get off the couch and go upstairs to shower etc and he 'll chill downstairs .
i 've been working on leaving him for short periods coming back and rewarding etc but probably not as much as i should be so will work on that some more .
reading some other posts though it feels like it 's moderate anxiety due the fact it 's just whining and not destructive ?
but i still feel really bad when i need to leave him and check the camera and he 's upset at the door or looking out the window whining .
for me a lot of cars kinda look the same .
is there a way to tell if i 've already collected a car ?
i have n't smoked for like 3 months dude wtf .
so just curious has anyone else done an amended return this year for 2021 taxes and gotten paid yet ?
i filed my amended and it is already showing received march 15 on the irs website .
so does the 16 weeks start from the date they received it ?
i was really tired and lied on my bed and tried to sleep .
my roommates were talking and for some reason i had a thought that roommate 1 was saying that she was coughing and then some nonsense connected to that .
i do n't remember exactly what it was because i did n't write it down afterwards but i remember it was bizarre .
i then kind of forgot it was my thought and was lying in bed listening to my roommates talking '' for a couple of seconds until i suddenly realized only roommate 2 was talking after hearing her voice and the thought was definitely too crazy to be something roommate 1 would actually say .
i think maybe i was half-asleep already and the thought was just turning into a dream but i 'm scared i 'm going crazy .
several days ago i suddenly started to receive many emails regarding transactions on paypal to shipstation .
i immediately jumped to my pc unlinked my credit card and changed my password .
i was still a bit late and 70 transactions were made already .
they were all used to purchase usps first class mail shipping labels each around 3 .
i did a quick google search and could not find anything related to this .
what is the purpose of this kind of attack ?
paypal said these transactions were not unauthorized because they did not notice any compromise to my account which is completely bs .
just called my credit card company and waiting for their response .
this is probably going to be a shot in the dark lol .
but i 'm just looking for cuddles i 'm not looking for anything sexual .
i like physical touch and i 'm a bit deprived .
would literally just want to be friends that cuddle .
i unfortunately can not host so you would have to ... .
if you ca n't host please do n't bother messaging .
last time i posted i got some responses all of which could not host so please just do n't message i 'm not interested in getting my hopes up .
we could just hang and talk late into the night whatever idc i just want cuddles i 've been having a hard time lately and i 'd literally just like to watch a movie and cuddle .
i 'd do whatever you want that 's nonsexual i just want some cuddles .
i 'll listen to you you can vent to me .
please send me a chat using the word cheesecake followed by you age and location just so that i know you read the post .
i only ask if this because i 'm pretty tired of getting my hopes up .
please do n't message me if you 're in a relationship or anything like that .
i hope that i 'm able to get someone to cuddle with lol .
but i 'm like serious about not wanting anything sexual
i work 12 hour shifts 3 days a week and then 3 hour shifts 2 days a week .
i 'm so tired and i 'm so overwhelmed especially since none of my clients will accept subs .
it 's the middle of the day and i 'm on the verge of an anxiety attack .
to preface i am a professional groomer with 12 years of experience .
the point of this post is to spread awareness and keep your pups safe .
i just had an unsettling experience in a coffee shop line and wanted to shed some light on this topic .
so there i am in line waiting for my coffee and there is another young woman right in front of me in work scrubs .
i notice her shirt says dog groomer '' along with the name of a vet hospital .
and do n't really get to have conversations with other groomers and saw this as an opportunity for a casual convo .
so i politely pointed to her shirt and explained i
she seemed excited and we had a small exchange of words .
then she goes quiet for a few moments before saying i keep cutting them near the
to which i checked to make sure i was hearing her correctly you 're talking about the sanitary areas ? ''
i 'm taken back for a second but then i explained that you should only use a
to this she seemed surprised and asked what clippers and blades i use because the blade gets so hot that sometimes she causes burns .
with the fact that a facility has employed someone with less than basic safety knowledge .
her coffee comes first she tells me thanks for the info and we part ways .
i 'm aware that the grooming industry is n't regulated like it should but this was just beyond .
this woman worked at a vet office of all places which is even more upsetting .
we groomers receive a lot of flack and it 's stuff like this that makes us all look bad .
of my 12 years in this industry i do n't think i 've ever been so shocked and disappointed .
i would just like to express the importance of doing your homework before choosing a
look up reviews before going to a new shop .
do n't be afraid to ask how many years of experience they have or if they have a portfolio or some
pictures of past grooms they can share with you .
as a professional i would never be upset with a potential client respectfully asking for my credentials .
i 'd also like to add that not every groomer went to grooming school and many are apprenticed and that 's ok .
i 've met many talented and responsible groomers who were apprenticed .
and when you find a groomer you like stay with them if you can .
we appreciate the trust you give to us when you leave your furry child in our care and we take great care .
a place for members of r/xvf to chat with each other
had my virtual mental health c p with qtc yesterday .
doc mostly reviewed my service treatment records and did not ask a lot about my current symptoms was this when i was supposed to complete at dbq ?
it is scheduled for replacement in the next month so i have n't been pressing for upgrades .
here 's my conundrum i 've added 3 new drives to the system to replace failing drives and ensure my data lives long enough to move to the fancy new ixsystems box we 're getting .
upon inserting the drives i see them come up and as they should each drive takes two assignments da98 and da99 for example
however they do not create a new device in dev/multipath and when i try to replace the disc from the storage screen it only shows the raw devices and not the multipath .
i had this happen before and somehow waiting seemed to resolve it a nightly job maybe ?
but i 'd rather not wait to start the resilvering .
is there a manual way to tell freenas to create the multipaths ?
i do n't want to futz with gmultipath manually especially if it will set parameters that are not conducive to freenas .
can someone please link me the curent patch custom knight document the one that has all the skins or most of them i saw it in fireborn 's latest modding tutorial .
i 've been working on a list for one of the new commanders from streets of new capenna and it 's a bit difficult to find certain cards that work the way i want them to .
does anybody have any ideas for cards in bant that put counters on your opponents creatures ?
so i have two old syringes that i bent the needles off after i used them to deter reusing them since i was trying to quit banging the shit and have been off the needle ever since !
the only thing is i do n't have bleach to soak my plunger and syringe in .
lol does anything else clean as effectively as bleach ?
with that image of the collector fro mthe charity stream compared with a shot from elsewhere and elsewhen where half of luz 's face is shaded .
is there anyone with enough time on their hnds who could help me ?
just a thought the rating out of ten for different aspects of a page is great but does anyone actually need to read 2 paragraphs on someone 's opinion of a creator ?
i think there would be more engagement if the reviews were shorter and tbh if you saw the review on the feed instead of having to click through to the post after only seeing the flair on the feed ?
i just want this page to provide the service it promises as of is a minefield of dodgy creators who want to manipulate you from your money ... . at the moment the sub just feels pretty stagnant 🤷‍♂️
i 'm just confused as to why i keep getting financial info in a piecemeal way .
we 're at the stage where we should have gotten back a treatment plan and estimated costs .
never received it in the timeframe we were told we would and so i had to reach out multiple times to get our financial rep to respond .
instead i got a rather unclear email telling me of our need to pay a deposit that would cover my remaining out of pocket insurance costs and pgta testing not covered by insurance .
clinical told me i 'd get that from financial .
financial now telling me i 'll get that from clinical .
after some back and forth we understand some of the next steps but i 'm curious if this is the norm when discussing the costs ?
am i being naive to think that the financial discussions should be conveyed in a more formal itemized estimate ?
also curious to know if any other sgf patients are having similar communication experiences .
so i just finished researching the su22m3 on the soviet air tree and im wonder should i get it ?
but i want to know if its a good attack aircraft for ground rb since i really need a cas plane for my 11.0 tanks .
in my opinion i do n't think this is necessary or will help .
these trade unions are basically the institutions that are there for public service .
there strikes means stop working for the general public .
their strikes work by putting peoples lives on the line in case of hospitals literally .
same way the government is trying to stay in the power .
people are already starting to gather around the individuals in power to force them to do what people needs .
now its happening but these strikes might end up crippling the country to a point where people have no hopes .
also its worth mentioning that maintaining these institutions cost the most to the people .
weight of the public service sector is way too much already .
most of the newly joined ones do n't even have places to sit in the offices yet they receive the wages with no work done .
so strikes mean no work at all from anyone but having to pay the wages .
we are already at the bottom crawling to keep the country going somehow .
but these will only end up making things worse economically .
as i see the best support they can do at the moment is reducing their numbers and save money to be used to reduce living costs of people .
after the family makes a decision the funeral director will present a price list as well as an itemized invoice .
the contract language in this document legally obliges the family members to cover the full funeral cost .
the customer can choose to have their loved one buried in a cremation or direct burial .
hi 20f here i love reading modern poetry books art photography writing my own songs acoustically op shopping and true crime .
you 'll probably think music taste sucks what i listen to depends on how i feel so changes a lot .
i 've been feeling really lonely and had a break up one month ago i really would love to make some genuine friends i 'm not the most trusting so it might take time before i add you to another social of mine but i have discord and all the other main social apps and do love to call and message .
i love the song hours by soupandreas and inverness i want to see more songs like hours .
does someone know some songs that have the same feel or similarityes ?
hi guys new player here im wondering is this game worth playing nowdays is it fun does it have population etc and bcs i played yugioh duel how decks work here and some basic things if can tell me 3
i might be missing something but this is the first community day i 've been logged on for since bulbasaur
no names just cumming on a cute girls face so you can feel like the whore you are .
i 'm working on my first object made with baby velvet yarn a dress .
after weaving ends and/or crocheting over it looks fine but then any m0vement of the piece tiny bits of the ends poke out .
is there a way to prevent this other than leaving long tail on the inside ?
yarn is weaved in two direction and there is plenty weaved in the last direction
removed by reddit on account of violating the content policy help/contentpolicy .
i finished a block about 40 mins early and the app asks me to go back to station to wait for more deliveries .
but i did n't have any more packages after 40 mins waiting .
i 'm 31 and i want to start by saying we did ivf for genetic reasons my husband carries the brca1 gene mutation all the women in his family have died of cancer so the risk of having a female baby with this gene mutation is quite high .
as far as i know i do n't have any obvious fertility issues and my husbands semen analysis came back normal .
for my 1st er i followed every single rule/suggestion from it starts with the egg .
all the supplements low carb no sugar no alcohol limited caffeine chucked all our plastic no nail polish ... everything .
i did this for at least 3 months prior to the er .
i figured if we 're going to do this i want to do everything in my power to optimize our results .
leading up to my egg retrieval i was constantly sick and treated for multiple recurring lung infections something that i had been struggling with since my early teen pothead years .
shortly after my er i found out i actually had been infected with tuberculosis and probably carried it around for the better part of a decade .
thankfully tb is entirely curable and i had to start a 6 month course of heavy duty antibiotics to clear the infection before we could move on with an fet .
my lungs have suffered irreparable tissue damage over the years of undiagnosed infections but that 's a story for another day .
about a year later after the tb was cured we attempted 2 back-to-back fet one natural one medicated both failed zero on beta no implantation .
we had the one tested embryo remaining but decided to move on to another egg retrieval since we know we want multiple children and we were n't certain this 3 one would even work given the results of our two ‘best ' euploid embryos from the 1st er .
going into the next er i was way more relaxed .
i still ate low carb ish drank almost no alcohol just a glass here and there and overall have just been trying to stay healthy and active .
however i had remained on all the supplements since our last fet so everything really had a long time to build up and i think had a positive effect .
our re suggested we do an era test on a mock cycle before another transfer but truthfully it 's a lot of additional expense and waiting for the possibility of no further information gained .
we 're now going into our 3rd fet next week and i really do n't know i should be managing my expectations .
did my previous 2 transfers fail because there was something more going on with me that we had n't detected up to that point ?
did the tuberculosis which i carried around for nearly 10 years have some effect on our embryos which simply was n't detected by pgt testing ?
i know the science has only come so far but i was feeling so confident with our previous two transfers since they made it through the ‘hunger games ' and yet they still failed .
does anyone have any experience with systemic infections or long term antibiotic use and how it impacted their ivf ?
transfer is coming up on friday and i 'm getting nervous that it will fail again .
tldr i had tuberculosis when i did my first er and both transfers pgt tested from that cycle failed .
doing another transfer this week with a pgt-normal embryo from a fresh batch should i expect a better result this time around ?
online now and ready to trade you a lord 's rune for one !
i just checked up on my betta fish and i tried to feed it and it was n't acting normal .
normally it comes running to the front of the tank for its food but this time i had to bring the food to it .
then i saw my mystery snail dangling from a plant .
i pulled the shell to make it fall and then guts spilled out .
the sticky '' part of the snail detached and everything just came out spilling .
sorry for this random message but if there is any advice to give on what i should do please dm me .
i am cleaning the tank probably 10-15 hours from now i do n't know if it 's been dead for days because usually i do n't check up on it .
i am not very ... informed on taking care of a betta fish so any help would be very appreciated .
if this is not the right place to post this please tell me where i can get help .
last edit it is a glofish betta and the color is green
i know a lot of people have been having trouble with it lately so i hope it is working for everyone now again !
but nobody knows what 's wrong with themselves and everyone else can see it right away. —stephanie
on latest ps5 system software 22.01-05.02.00.03.00.00.00.0.1 and game wo n't load the title screen even it goes blank .
been playing perfectly for months and love the game it is latest version of the game on ps5 too .
game wo n't load title screen just black screen .
has anyone ever added a window to a brick rowhome ?
i would like to add a window to the back wall of my house to brighten it up currently the only windows are on the front wall .
is there legal policy preventing this similar to the restrictions on adding height to a building ?
is there a structural issue that makes this prohibitively expensive ?
hi all i have been a regular user of excel since a long time .
i have generally used vba for automating stuff in excel .
recently in last few months i have started learning python .
coming from a place where i learnt c visual basic in my student days i found python to be easy to grasp and really concise in terms of the no of lines required to accomplish something .
since excel files will continue to be a part of my daily life i was thinking how best i can use python for my work in excel where i do the data manipulations in python and save back the work in excel iteratively .
please suggest if there is a course that focuses on this piece well .
they had the half-size water bottles and between my dad and i and our spicy food we probably drank 8 between us .
then you add in the utensils and you 're at way more than 20 cents .
what 's with all these morons starting marketing companies and then asking how do i market my marketing company ! ? ''
try paying the little guy near the cantina to either put in a good word or bad word with the exchange .
yeah that 's as plan tho it gets a bit hard when you get back home at 9 pm completely drained and have to wake up at 7 am .
i 'll do my best to squeeze in as much as possible from now on !
does it not wake you up during the night ?
weed makes me have anxiety attacks most of the time unless i 'm alone watching tv
this would have made it way funnier and more epic .
that implies she 's not fucking a bunch of other dudes behind his back
in which case therapy is unlikely to help because they never seek it out w/o a court order .
it 's not about saving the planet is about creating the next big thing that will create demand and make the creators lots of money .
you are n't saving the planet driving around on your tesla
it 's like using tape to be your seem allowance one the fabric itself .
you can but it does n't mean you should .
depending on the tape the sticky residue will build up on your needle and mess up your work in the future .
some sort of upgrade all oils '' similar to how essences upgrade the maximum number .
maybe just do it like ctrl shift click or smthg really tiresome to try and upgrade those low lvl oils to something worth selling .
you should be able to go to your manager and ask about this rather than contacting your coworker directly when she 's out on leave .
first seen here https redd.it/u9a84s on 2022-04-22 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' u9aj19 '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=u9aj19 samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
oh yep i forgot to add the tapping on surfaces that works too .
and stomping can work but i feel like that one causes a lot of attention if just not done in the right place at the right time
usa is the country who interfered or invaded almost every other country in the world in the last 2 centuries ... of course people dont like you guys ... especially when people go full america is the best place ever ''
it will synergize even more now that he will actually stack some health up
this game while silly as hell is not only absolutely hilarious but has a surprising amount of thought and heart put into it .
there truly are some touching moments in this game .
i do n't have this issue with my a90j .
tbh i still have n't had a single app crash on me either .
if it is n't your internet i do know some people would factory reset there tv and the issues they may of been having seem to disappear !
if you think players like pogba are the problem over players like mctominay then this club will forever be in the mud .
i do n't know why they did n't use him to spin-off into his own time travelling adventures or use this trunks to lead into time patrol trunks for the heroes shit .
give it a nice little side-canon into heroes or whatever .
while the writing is already on the wall it is interesting to see her squirm for at least a little bit .
for a long time i have wondered what kind of people would vote for an idiot like her ... and i guess i got a glimpse of a few of them today .
it 's not i 'm countering your narrative that everyone there is 100 pro kiev .
most in the interviews just say they want peace i 've said agnostic many times .
the idea that all civilians are getting mowed down indiscriminately is propaganda .
a ton of civilians died like in literally every war ever especially in urban combat .
you 'll blindly consume your own propaganda but ca n't fathom looking at both sides to form a balanced opinion of what 's going on .
yup themselves when their 420mm heat bounces in a ebr ...
not a brand rep or a budtender so it 's not on me to convince you but yeah .
depending on what i 'm looking for i can even achieve my desired effects by gasp microdosing with even less than 10mg .
to each their own though if it works for you great if not than unfortunately you might have to stick to alternative markets for your edible needs .
i will say two things though the drinks hit me harder and faster than other edibles and tolerance to edibles vs tolerance to combustion/vaping/dabbing can be wildly different depending on your body .
so do n't knock it until you try it .
wow am i the only person that likes rise more than world ?
do n't get me wrong world is great and my character definitely looked better than i do in rise but overall ?
i would much rather put more hours into rise than world at this point .
no audible pinging atleast for me apart from maybe the spacebar i might have to redo that
u/wilburone please have a look at their balance sheet info from 2019 and 2020 on slide 14 here https s27.q4cdn.com/749715820/files/doc\_financials/2020/q4/q4\_20\_financials\_presentation.pdf https s27.q4cdn.com/749715820/files/doc_financials/2020/q4/q4_20_financials_presentation.pdf
and have a look at their 2021 balance sheet on slide 20 here
and please point out to me where the debt is that you are referring to that will need to be refinanced
maybe his brother is a drug addict and the grandparents are dead .
you do n't know these people well enough to pry at their personal issues like that .
of course i love to explain my artistic pov whenever i can
half your bullets go through a portal and miss .
man those eyes got me feeling a kind of way
there are also clans that hold regional materials for emergency use i started doing this myself i would farm a bunch of materials and hold it in reserve in my region incase something happened during low pop or we just could n't get logi through and ive slowly ebbed and flowed that stockpile both as my region needed it and to fuel pushes that helped keep them out of the region .
i wont forget my group mpf 'd tanks and put them away for use the next day and within 20 minutes we were being told that we should just hand them over and mpf more for use the next day despite you know ... .the long ass queue times .
e=mc² e-lafda b/w a mc and a c mc×c .
the only reason i know of infant annihilator is because of the ov sacraments and sincest beat saber level .
and i 'm scarred and armless this is my attempt https youtu.be/k1lezbzbzc8 .
you can but the best decks by winrate often require spending money and money makes it so that you can focus on ladder and not farm cards in arena etc .
it 's pay to win just live with the fact
i do n't think people really understand jimmy seems to not like people who do n't like to work hard i do n't see that being dipo .
dipo is n't playing because spo does n't want him to play right now not because jimmy is going all lebron telling spo what to do .
secondly dipo did n't get miami to a 53-29 record he played like 3-4 games this year in which we lost like 3 of them .
we do n't have any ties to him nor is spo obligated to change an entire rotation just for dipo .
i just recently finished claymore i have this question to anyone here about cassandra .
was that one chapter implying her roxanne were having sex at one point ?
how was he ranked nationally and how did he do at national meets ?
my point is he should n't be racing against women .
if a man can simply say he 's a woman and therefore every one must treat him as such can a white man say he 's black and receive affirmative action and be treated as such ?
would he now be allowed to drop n bombs and talk ebonics etc with zero criticisms whole time changing nothing about himself ?
should he be allowed to get scholarships for being black ?
does he get generations if they ever come about ?
if gender is a social construct and so is race why not ?
deswegen reicht ein einfacher blick in den spiegel nicht aus .
man schaut in den spiegel fängt an zu blinken und schaut dann nochmal .
wenn das auto plötzlich direkt hinter dir ist brichst du den überholvorgang ab .
direkt rüberziehen und dann blinker anmachen was viele machen ist nicht der richtige weg zu überholen .
it seems that even in old age you 've not matured mentally .
guess your husband really got married go a 25 yr old for the past 30 years .
hahaha i have n't played fo4 until last month .
i was a part of fnv sub and managed to avoid such footages .
i love balkan cuisine d repost in every single social media so they know the real balkan cuisine
they would attack you just for look in their direction lol .
the empire only tolerate the thalmor so they probably could care less if someone wiped them out .
unfortunately r/blockate died but the game itself is pretty active
if you do enough ketamine your limbs start giving your brain the silent treatment and if you dont have a nice couch to melt into then you have to spend a few hours looking like you 're trying to sit in an invisible chair .
to be fair most christians are n't crazy cultists who move to the amazon to make some weird communist utopia
it 's ok to be uncomfortable with your partner for any reason at all .
if their choices or behavior have changed and make you feel unsafe it 's 💯 ok to express your thoughts/feelings/boundaries .
that little fella/lady will grow up and eat all the crayons .
i think it 's relevant to show the repercussions of what a petty out of control cop could lead to .
this man was on probation and any arrest had the potential to send him back to prison .
the parent did nothing wrong but the ridiculous behaviour by the cop had the potential to ruin not just his life but his family 's life .
i would first advise you to look up ian stevenson .
he was a psychologist and a scientist who spent years researching thousands of cases of children between the ages of 2-7 remembering past lives .
in many cases where the child had extremely vivid memories the person could be tracked down .
there are many of his case studies online children remembering living lives and dying before coming to their own lives .
they can name who they were who their families were were they lived what they worked at ...
i came home from daycare at 5 and announced to my family that i did n't believe in god because i had spent weeks thinking about it and came to the conclusion it was n't a logical possibility .
i also figured out the whole santa clause tooth fairy stuff at that time .
i have never believed anything i could n't find adequate evidence for .
i am a scientist by nature and i have spent the past few years researching neuroscience quantum physics philosophy and psychology not an expert by the way whenever i can .
what i have found of late are quantum approaches to consciousness that might offer insight into the nature of our existence or our experience of it .
it might be rare or maybe it 's just rare to remember old lives though in india accounts are 1 in 500 .
there is however no sign of karma or moral retribution in any of the research into the field for the past 50 years .
and here 's a great little paper from his successor jim tucker https med.virginia.edu/perceptual-studies/wp-content/uploads/sites/360/2015/11/rei35.pdf
write down what she says see if you can find out who she was .
prepare to change your worldview and the specifics of your faith a bit .
this move could also leave florida taxpayers with a huge bill .
lol yeah i brought him in thats the way it goes sometimes
explain why they nerfed hecarim before his skin came out .
explain why they nerfed jinx before her skin came out .
explain why they nerfed ahri before her skin came out .
explain why they nerfed nunu before his skin came out .
that does n't mean it 's driven by skins and if by some reason it is somehow they 're very inconsistent with how they 're approaching it .
i have chronic anxiety sometimes ignoring everything helps sometimes it comes back to bite my ass .
right now i am on a negative feedback loop and it will take a while for it to go away .
not necessary to be right that is a bonus but as long you have realistic doubts your grade is wrong you are always fine to ask .
oh man i am so sad to hear that .
maybe 15 for a 4 card holders coin sorter and deck maybe one with each hero crest or letting them pick for the card holder
tell me which qol changes are actually locked behind a paywall .
was overlooking the ocean from the boardwalk with my daughter .
out from under the boards comes 2 men and a half naked junkie woman .
truthfully i do n't think he cares if he wins .
he is going to bankrupt her by drowning her in lawsuits and get her channel shut down .
will get downvoted but most people have returned to normal living .
literally all my work colleagues have trips planned etc .
your post has been removed as it breaks one of our rules
personals must follow r/r4r format the poster must state their age location and should include details about themselves in their post .
please do it exactly like this age r4r location title .
please feel free to re-post with an edited title .
not quite he said the expanded aspect ratio outweighed the scope presentation in his opinion
they are not even the best at this point but they are as good at taking the position of a president .
well they also broke that it was bill murray it was initially just a vague report of inappropriate conduct on set .
so in a way by confirming who was responsible deadline was actually in the right since it took away from people speculating about other innocent people involved in the film .
i really like that he 's only holding a single sword when he 's the ‘king of swords ' .
quantum computers will hack all passcodes easily thats why there is a need for new tech for quantum encryption if that can be pulled off ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nude_selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
dont forget 'its your job to defend yourself if you dont like it ' folllwed by me saying i cant because police wont believe me whereas you can beat me and claim 'self defense ' followed by her saying 'not my fault how that works folllowed by statement of how much she will enjoy her child support/spending my money when she is ready .
we have made donations and my wife is also from russia and she is doing her part in spreading the truth of what 's happening there to her friends and family most think she got bit by the freedom bug since she 's been here in the u.s .
however if people are not held accountable they will do what they want because there is no risk .
your account needs to be 15 days old and have 50 comment karma in order to comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/needadvice if you have any questions or concerns .
well my parents kicked me out for being pan so i 'd love and accept them .
2 weeks of enthralling border base combat ended by a lack of back line building brought on my the impending tech of the hv40 .
hv40 did n't itself break our line but it 's imminent unlock meant things were n't built up because why build when wardens have a free pass to destroy any base in 1/5 the time it would take for us to do it .
however i 've seen colleagues talk their way in when their gpa was below that .
just be honest and explain your situation to the recruiter .
also if you 're doing your masters they do n't even bother looking at your gpa they 'll give you an interview regardless .
you never see teams swarm like this without eventually scoring .
i 'm sure my bias influences it somewhat but i swear whenever i see a team pounding it like this it 's never long before it goes in .
i went to the doctor and he said i could masturbate whenever i want ''
no he said you could have a stroke at any time ! ''
i get it ur new to lifting and want to believe he 's natty so u take this personal but he 's not
i used to be exactly like you like 4 years ago lmao .
arguing exactly like you on this exact same subreddit in 2017
ur obv not 3 years into lifting and most likely a newbie
quick question my brothers is this better than a 980ti for a build ?
i was thinking about gifting my parents my desktop in mexico so they can surf the web and when i go to visit them to game a bit on lower settings .
apologize for my ignorance on the subject and appreciate any feedback .
having played violin myself i swear i can smell this photo .
sounds like you do n't know anything about the hiring process .
there are thousands and thousands of people who have applied and hoping to possibly get selected before they ago-out .
i suggest you try stuckmic.com for some of this basic info .
they have hundreds of forums with every question you could have already answered ... .goodluck .
nah i mean it costs more than what leaders want to invest and there 's money in keeping us tied to personal vehicles .
as a super one piece fan i will admit that i was in the oda had everything planned out camp .
but i had to renounce that after things like when he said he came out with the supernova a week before the chapter where they were introduced as well as numerous inconsistencies
like i feel like one piece is so amazing and special to us and oda is such a phenomenal writer we have to pedalize him .
i 'm perfectly ok with the dnd theory where essentially oda has a general grasp of the story but acts like a dm and adapts and makes changes based on the actions of the protags
i did a video call is oda a hack addressing essentially some of these inconsistencies namely surrounding the latest developments in the manga
the reward for epic hell can only use effectively by the one who can defeat it .
so you do n't have to care about that level .
common sense and common decency are not valid arguments .
in an effort to promote a higher standard of titles and limit roleplaying within titles your post has been removed for use of personal identifiers .
to see what we look for in a title 's submission please read here https www.reddit.com/r/hentai/comments/gc5cik/post_titles .
if you 're an artist and are trying to promote your work in your title include your handle inside either or brackets .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hentai if you have any questions or concerns .
i main paladin but use my monk for running around cities in casual glamor because you can equip emperor 's new fists and hide the weapon despite being sheathed or unsheathed .
like he seems to be making some correct points though i agree to the facts he mentioned .
combined with some bad margin choices and options gambling i 'm down very heavy .
anyone else noticed in the first episode of season 2 that the language book had the word curtan '' ? i assume it 's curtain spelled wrong .
exactly and i 've never seen a child kill their parents that did n't have some sort of trauma or strained relationship with them
cleared for duty despite being in the late stages of pregnancy . ''
late stages of pregnancy means the last 6 to 9 months .
you should always use all your flasks in a fight .
if you have a really overpowered move it 's customary to spam it .
always use the point down emote to show respect after a fight .
if you think you 're going to lose a fight you should disconnect internet or close the app to prevent yourself from seeming like a loser .
only use very skilled play styles like bhs spam double seppukus with braindead l1 insta bleeds and crouch r1 ultras .
spamming spells is also totally a respectable way to play the game totally 🙄🙄 good luck out there tarnished .
i 'm sure there is more in-depth answers but what comes to mind is duke hyou is just a different breed man .
it wouldnt mean shit to him if he got the same treatment because all he cares about is waging war to the very core of his being .
the opinions of others meant nothing to him if they were n't exchanged through battle .
also his ability to wage war is on a complete different level then gaimou even tho gaimou is a bad ass .
for example if they were on opposing sides and ouki refused to fight hyou the duke would jusy force his way through till ouki had no other choice .
the duke was also capable enough to be one of the greats as explained in the manga
mdm just allows control of your device to lock it down and wipe it in the event it 's compromised .
mfa for email ehr and citrix will prevent that data being accessed by someone if they obtain your device .
do you know how many parents start abusing their child once they know their child is transgender ?
i did n't tell my own parents and they found out anyways .
i think the worst of it was when they kicked me out and i stayed over at a friend 's house for about a week before they let me back in .
i 'm not going to go into more detail but stories like mine are very common .
you do n't know those parents completely who they are behind closed doors .
you are running the active risk at putting a large amount of children in danger .
naključni ljudje tudi brez znanja bi verjetno povzročili manj škode kot ti pajaci ki sejejo sovraštvo in nestrpnost med nami za lastno korist .
but so far we have a prequel childrens novel and in the future they 're making a penguin tv series an arkham tv series and a comic called riddler year one .
do n't let him fade into the abyss without a fight .
make is a blessed day because i launched my own website !
has anyone ever experienced an allergic reaction to lotemax ?
i received a corneal transplant in one eye in 2017 and that eye has been red/bloodshot for about a year .
a few months ago my eye and eyelid became very inflamed and the skin under the eye became flakey .
my opthalmologist tested for different things and could not give an answer as to why this was happening .
my eye is still red and has the flaky skin under it .
today i saw a different opthalmologist who is also a plastic surgeon to discuss having an eyelid lift to fix my droopy eyelid on the transplant eye that is impacting my vision .
he refuses to do the surgery until my red eye/inflammation is cleared up .
he brought up the possibility that i am allergic to lotemax and that i should start using a different drop .
has anyone else ever experienced this type of reaction to lotemax or other steroid eye drops ?
if so what eye drop did your doctor switch you to ?
asva corporation is one of the best service provide to hdpe pipe fittings electrofusion fittings and hdpe electrofusion in india.if you want hdpe electrofusion service.please visit our website and contact now 9099033179 .
if the madman launched a decent sized nuke at a major city what would happen i mean in the long term ?
i understand that the initial blast would be immense but then what ...
reminds me about the painting wanderer above the sea of fog by friedrich german romantic artist https preview.redd.it/q5ty4qlnp3w81.jpg ? width=1500 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=fa3ac09ed84326fe2876890bcd7812568b0fdef3
already left 3 videos in the official sky server on discord i hope you can watch it
it all started with the new season cosmetics and the days of nature of coral head-wear which reminded me of the italian poet dante
left 3 memory candles in ! that cheerful place known as eden !
since they will never reach a big audience cause i 've never had much luck with notes/paperboats i decided to share it here too
i only have apples and pears i 'm trying to find all fruit and a few red roses to make a rose bed
my game updated at 6:00 a.m. this morning and i 'm having major frame rate issues .
did n't know if it was something to do with the newest update or what happened .
im going through exams next few months so a bit short on time .
im thinking about doing light/heavy with a full body monday then a heavy push wednesday and a heavy pull thurs or friday .
so that each musclegroup gets worked two times a week .
fullbody being more hypertrophy directed and the push and pull more strength directed .
i feel more energised and can give my full focus when i do either push or pull especially when intensity is higher .
also the ppl split workouts does n't leave that much fatigued as the full body .
lets get our streaming times up shall we ! ?
harry is wiser and more empathetic towards his friends and enemies .
he does n't blame himself for everything and he is n't selfish .
add me on snap at allysaterry09 if you want to talk tonight and have some fun
new player about 200 hrs looking for people to play with
does anyone know how to use it on cod mw3 in survival mode ?
i am specifically looking for sentry guns it is just for fun i do not play online .
would like to have the 32 guns but the way is a script i found which crashes the game .
so i love the survival mode but want to have fun so looking for like 20 sentry guns and preferably in god mode .
would give like 10 to anyone who can give me a stable way of doing this !
removed by reddit on account of violating the content policy help/contentpolicy .
jetzt bin ich ratlos geht das so überhaupt da ja die gutachter normalerweise vom gericht genannt werden oder sitze ich dann auf den kosten von einem unnötigen gutachten ?
i wake up with you laying next to me .
i do n't blame you for sleeping like a log after what happened last night .
i take the footage out of the cameras and put them into the computer for editing later .
i go into the kitchen and make my usual coffee for the morning .
finally you wake up and meet me at the table where i have my laptop and am brainstorming possible ideas .
i also have our monthly earnings displayed as well which is way more than enough to live a great life .
so basically i want to play a prompt where we are an adult filmmaking couple who have made quite a living off porn and have gone from working boring 9-5 jobs to being able to do this full time .
we operate on many platforms which involve live streaming normal videos and subscription services where people can pay to see our more extreme content .
i do n't want this to just be about making porn i also want to get into personal stuff as well like day to day life and such .
this prompt will rely heavily on kinks which can lead to many different possible scenarios so feel free to go wild .
the story does n't have to go as i described it .
if you have any ideas feel free to tell me in your message .
dark blonde hair and blue eyes and in my early 20s
i want to know the list of hospital where ectopic pregnancy is stopped by methotrexate medical pill not by surgery .
i came to read an article which said that it can be only done in gynecological hospitals of medical organizations of the 3rd group только в гинекологических стационарах медицинских организаций 3 группы can somebody help me here ?
i always find it entertaining when self-proclaimed alpha males '' that are red pilled '' constantly vomit out quotes like lions do n't concern themselves with the opinions of sheep '' .
i took the red pill now i 'm a free thinker '' .
when in reality these were lost and broken men that jumped out of one pan and into the frier who 've now signed themselves up to being red pilled '' as some form of liberation .
so long as you unquestionably follow a belief system and refuse to challenge the massive holes that are in the red pill theory that are based on pseudo-psychological generalizations with little ground to hold those assumptions up then you 're just as much as a slave if not more than the blue pill '' men .
same goes for feminism they both think you need to identify as something in order to create or make change in society .
but so long as you limit yourself to a particular identity you 're never going to be this self-proclaimed '' free-thinker that you think you are .
this extreme thinking that if you 're not red pilled '' then you 're blue pilled '' .
and if you 're not a feminist then you 're a misogynist .
this extreme thinking is what really turns me off .
but they 're just labels to make broken men and women feel like they 're part of something bigger just to fill that hole of not having a place in the world .
buying selling trading or exchanging digital currencies are possible through a cryptocurrency exchange .
we provide high secured and powerful crypto trading engine wallet and spot liquidity to our valuable clients .
so my cat has a b12 deficiency from ibs and the vet recommended giving injections at home myself .
i 've seen so many different needles online and i 'm unsure what should i buy ?
i keep seeing a lot of different gauge needles and it 's kinda confusing .
edit i did see people mention using cat insulin syringes .
ltd is providing best outdoor cooling system solution https www.cloudtec.in/fogging-system.html to our customers .
we are committed to creating best environment with outstanding cooling effects .
offer a supreme range of latest design of systems that is easy to operate and it is energy saver system .
our aim is to make an eco-friendly environment by providing our best as per customers .
know more details about the company and its services from our website .
if anyone wants to play custom zombies add me on steam joeyburrow9
i am trying to parse a json file i have of zipcodes and the associated data .
anyway what i have been trying to for some time is to find a way to return a section of this json with a specified zip code and return the latitude and longitude values to string format .
i 've tried my best to google this but i 've just had no luck .
i 'm an incoming freshman and i 'm a little confused about how the season tickets work .
i paid the 50-dollar deposit now do i just wait ?
zunächst die obligatorische bitte um entschudligung für die fehler und das schlechte deutsch .
meine freundin 30 und ich 28 kommen aus jordanien .
zusammenzusein vor dem heiraten ist in jordanien ein großes taboo .
eheschließung zwischen einem christ und einer muslimin ist untersagt strafbar mit gefängnis und ist sozialer suizid für die ganze familie vor allem für die frau .
daher haben wir unsere beziehung heimlich für einigen jahren weiter gemacht bis wir in deutschland kamen .
nun sind wir in deutschland hier konnten wir zusammen wohnen für einigen jahren und nun sind wir bereit zu heiraten .
die ledigkeitsbescheinung vom sharia-gericht oder kirchengemeinde ist am gefährlichsten .
ich komme aus einem kleineren dorf der pfarrer kennt mich und meine eltern persönlich und wird mit sicherheit fragen stellen wenn ich ihn um so eine bescheinung bitte .
wo können wir als ein christ und eine muslimin aus jordanien mit einem geburtsurkunde und einem auszug vom jordanischen zivilregisters heiraten ?
europa ist übrigens nicht ausgeschlossen solange die eheschließung in deutschland anerkannt würde .
they wo n't help you i get learning one or two but going across the map to play for lineups when you can rather play crossfires with your teammates is literally baiting there are so many other uses for your mollies molly your smokes to avoid unnecessary swings molly chokepoints and do the same thing denying time molly angles to help your teammates get onto site stop baiting them .
from when i first started she 's been called so many different names .
search for all deleted posts https www.reddit.com/r/borrowdeletes/search ? q=title 3ablakeburdab restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all include_over_18=on by this author
will repay 60 i forgot to add in title ! thank you for helping out i appreciate it !
i recently read the sterling shore series by c. m. owens and really liked the series .
the books are freaking hilarious but there is a lot of sexual chemistry between the couples .
i also really liked the small town vibes and how the books follow a group of friends .
so that 's basically what i 'm looking for .
but they are not so funny like the sterling shore series .
was just wondering what are some of your favorite/the best websites that drop custom packs ?
we 've made out for awhile ... helped each other out of our clothes and there we are i 'm on your lap your thick erect cock between us as our tongues explore each others mouths .
my hips naturally begin to move as we make out and soon your cock is gliding between my glistening wet pussy lips .
our hands become more needy grasping pulling trying to be good and not let you slip inside me raw ... but it feels so fucking good ...
all eyes are on us and the sixers now ...
win or lose the series i 've had an amazing time following this team and am excited for the years to come .
a place for members of r/twostargames to chat with each other
is it possible to write to an nfc tag to turn on an led light so that it works from any phone rather than the script being on each phone that would tap the tag ?
i 'm looking to round out my commander decks and i 've noticed i 'm missing a graveyard based recursion deck .
i 've looked up many gameplay vids on yt to get a sense for how they play .
for the most part the games i 've seen have n't impressed me all that much .
a lot of the different commanders seem to sit around with no board state until they finally get that recursion spell to pull out the big creature that 's been chilling in the yard for 3 turns .
am i missing something or are recursion decks kinda like that in general ?
are there any commanders that build up a decent board state while you try to draw into your reanimation spell ?
i made a tavern with so much space for the villagers to walk around with chairs
and when the bard comes when he plays his music they will gain happiness and then sadness
and then continue gaining happiness why does this happen ?
ever since i 've had my baby i 've had the worst stomach issues insomnia nausea not much of an appetite .
just feel sick every time almost every time i eat .
especially when my menstrual cycle or ovulation is near .
i definitely am struggling with ppa and not sure if it 's related to that my pelvic floor since i had a difficult labor and episiotomy or just my hormones being out of whack .
i 've been to the dr gotten an endoscopy but they 've just ruled out some things and still do n't have many answers .
i just miss being able to eat and live normally without my stomach a always acting up.did it ever go back to normal if u did have this issue ?
i 'm scared to have another baby cuz i do n't wan na deal with this again .
bref je tenais à vous faire partager ma frustration juste avant que je pouvais vivre a l'intérieur .
est-ce que je puisse avoir peur qu'il se passe bien et comme mon bus pour rentré chez moi et vous ?
je continue a essayer chaque jours et depuis c'est encore une de ces ami on vas le nommer tom été tres proche d'elle il lui a coupé les vivres .
sauf qu'il se dit jusqu'à ce que pierre et léa .
là on c dit ouais c pas normal donc on décide de faire beaucoup de poids énormément changé physiquement .
a place for members of r/kitspillowfort to chat with each other
today i 'd like to flesh out some kind of rp that centers around one of my favorite kinks which is dry humping or outercourse in general .
it can be long or short as i like to see how things go as we get into it .
the main idea i wanted to play out is that you a good friend of mine has fallen on some hard times .
perhaps you 've just gotten out of a long standing relationship or simply need a place to crash .
so trying to be a good friend i offer for you to stay at my place that 's a decent sized apartment .
the only problem is that i 've been into you for years and can usually hide my desires for you as long as we are n't alone or together for long periods of time .
now we are sharing a place together and the apartment is becoming a tense situation for me .
you have always had what i consider to be the perfect body .
so when you start to become more comfortable with me around the apartment and start wearing leggings tight shorts and sometimes even underwear covered by a long baggy t-shirt i start to catch myself slipping off to the privacy of my own room to jerk off while i think about you .
fantasizing about just humping you and letting my hands roam your body .
at this point i point something will probably happen very soon as i 'm having a very hard time resisting my urges .
let me know what you think by sending a chat or message .
if you are curious about my kink too i 'm happy to elaborate on that too or just chat about it .
this spring there are entry tests for the belgian army i would like to join and am training harder than i ever have .
thanks to my degree i can enter as an officer but i am worried about the intervieuw .
they will most likely check my leadership skills and a lot more than that .
does anyone have some tips on how to speak what to say how to express leadership capabilities or anything that could help me during my intervieuw ?
so i was reading rolls royce '' or rolls '' often refering to his car .
from the shape i allready guessed it was an old american car but wasnt sure wishfull thinking .
so his first car was very rusty so lets asume its an old roadrunner wich he is refering to as a rolls hm then in step 6 he says that his rolls did suffer from the ride westwards and that he found a 1968 silver shadow ... . a rolls royce there is no plymouth model or version with that name but in the next step he says he bought the plymouth oldtimer ... . what ?
and then he kept true to his first love and moded fixed whatever his rolls '' with it ... . thats really weird here i dont get what is suposed to go on here then in step 9 he says its a convertible and the roof was leaking in the seatle rain ofcourse it never rained a single time in his time in sf yeah ... so he goes back to sf so many stupid things to point out and then in the 10th and 11th step its mentioned hes picking up a new convertible roof and in the last step you can pick up his converted rolls royce '' in the barn ... and at that point i was looking forward to the royce .
this is not a silver shadow its not a convertible plymouth gets stated once for a car and 3 times as a towns name when you are never even in a town called plymouth so what the shit is that story about ?
did he put a rusty shell on top of a way narrower royce body ?
i am abthird year trent student looking ti rent a room .
i looked on kijiji for a while but most of the leases begin in may and i am planning to return in august .
also if anyone knows other students who are looking for roommates please let me know .
also is it too late to register for residence ?
hi i am a cdc user and it 's the time to look into other products .
i have few questions that i hope this sub might be able to answer .
i have the possibility to register as uk or eea .
most of my purchases will be in gbp and therefore would make sense to have an uk account .
however the dex is not yet available and might or not come in q3 this year .
do you have fx fees if you pay in a currency other than your native ?
as a user of cdc the instant cashback is precious .
you can then use that money to compound on other protocols .
the plutus rewards seem to be unlocked only after 45 days .
after that how do i withdraw the plu and what are the fees to do so .
from the faq rent will be rewarded when paid as a point-of-sale transaction .
however has someone had experience in paying rent with plutus card and receiving the cashback ?
how easy is to top up the card with fiat ?
and how fast are the funds available to spend instant ?
if i want to withdraw fiat funds from the card payment failed .
if i am reading correctly on the page the starter plan has a 3 reward up to 250€ of cashback or on the first 250€ spent with the card ?
found it really interesting so thought i 'd share it here for whoever 's interested .
sean williams recently returned from his trip to ethiopia .
as a journalist for a number of newspapers from the guardian to bbc he traveled to report on the still very young war between tigray and ethiopia .
thousands of lives have already been taken and countless atrocities have occurred yet too many people are unaware of what is taking place in this historic conflict .
please remove the ads you are injecting into the n-central instance we pay for .
i 'll happily look at an ad when i browse n-able.com or your other sites but to inject them directly into the instance we pay thousands for is unethical .
after trying different meds for a couple of years my doctor put me on lithium .
it seems very scary to me with lots of side effects .
edit thank you so much for all your comments and support .
every working day i do the same walk after my lunch break same path same distance same time .
is there any way to add such activity to connect without having to enter all the data manually every single day ?
i could just track the activity every day but it would be a waste of battery life since it 's just the same walk every time .
i 'm looking to trade pears for any other fruit i currently have oranges but will still trade for them .
this may sound dumb but i would assume if the show was postponed and now it fully says cancelled with information on getting a refund that they probably are n't going to make it here for this tour right ?
i saw someone say that it 's recommended to rush the first 2 prestiges as it unlocks special research '' .
i 'm trying to rush the quests but its such a grind for something i do n't even know exists i only saw one post saying that..
which writing style should be used in filling out a job or college application ?
by the way not sure how big the safe is but just make sure to be mindful of not having any kids in the house who can get locked in by accident haha
it was still realy cool when kane pixels revived the backrooms .
but then everyone else started doing those kind of videos realistic animations and it quickly lost it 's uniqueness .
we restrict posting for new and/or low karma accounts .
you 'll need to participate around reddit and build up a bit of karma and/or let your account age a bit before you can participate here .
we do n't disclose the limits so please do n't ask .
you might find this guide for beginners https www.reddit.com/wiki/reddit_101 helpful .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/breedingmaterial if you have any questions or concerns .
welcome to the best recovery sub on the entire internet guaranteed
i added to it or is that to complex for you to realize lmao
i aprechiate what you are sayin but the blody elvs hawe hundreds of names for different ranks we shoot bugs and mine .
in my oppinion a graybeard is just someone who is able to teatch .
i think we both hawe bean sippin to mutch at the smart stout miner soblets get down there help a graybeard and greanbeard or thre and squash some bugs .
even starting from the back you just know that merc will still be on the podium .
my np just told me not to fast more than 16:8 the week before my period and to make sure i 'm getting lots of nutrient dense foods and maybe a slight boost in calories as well .
i get what your saying about different tools for different jobs and i know people that use collars for loose leash walking .
cutting through the panic is a function of a tool that can be useful .
in the podcast case i do n't see this positive punishment introducing something undesirable like pain being necessary because the dog continued to freak out .
in the case of this video i do n't agree with the use of the slip collar but if i saw correctly at least it had a stop in it .
i think it 's good he included lots of text to explain the situation .
however looking at how the dog and the trainer were acting i think the trainer was relying heavily on the lead for communication barely using body language and audio cues to attempt to redirect the dog 's attention .
every trainer i have ever worked with has said that a strong redirection cue is crucial .
of course i do n't know the full background of the trainer and this dog so perhaps they did exhaust other less aversive options but that would have been key to include in the foreword text .
do n't worry about the your long post i followed your thoughts and logic !
also i 'm not a trainer just a fellow reactive dog owner !
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/innocentlynaughty if you have any questions or concerns .
if you changed his food recently it would give him the shits because their system is not used to it .
as a woman 90 of the time i do not think of my partner when masturbating .
usually i think of my fantasy crushes couple men i know irl or just manuel ferrera lol .
i am attracted to my partner but he 's not the subject of my fantasies .
i think it was bannon or jack posobiec that mentioned it yesterday ... idk how much truth there is to the idea
okay i will attempt to put a concise logically consistent argument together .
i think the easiest way for me to try and convey it is with an example .
to create a product like a chocolate bar you require materials labour and logistics .
the raw materials for such a chocolate bar are gathered from parts of the world that have been historically ravaged by colonialism
meaning the workers are seeing a fraction of the value that the owners of the chocolate factory can extract .
at every stage of the production and distribution process the workers are given as little payment as possible to keep prices low and profit high .
this is simply the nature of a laissez-faire capitalism .
capitalism is an economic system based on the private ownership of the means of production and their operation for profit .
capitalism is just 1 specific economic theory that exists to solve the problem of how do we compare the subjective value of labor material costs and produced goods/services .
exploitation is not inherent to the definition of capitalism .
capitalism is exploited by bad actors because bad actors will exploit everything they can exploit
and that is the error in your argument which i can disprove with very simple examples .
stalin exploited communism https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph_stalin to hoard value for himself in the same way companies exploit capitalism to do the same .
the national socialist german worker 's party https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazi_party exploited socialism to hoard value for themselves .
you can say the same exact thing about every single other economic theory that has ever existed .
they are tools that exist with no inherent moral value in either direction .
the fact that tools are exploited does not mean that tools are exploitative .
a hammer does not become unethical because a murderer uses it to kill .
if employers could legally pay you even less they would .
and that is a function of greedy actors not the system they work within .
to quote myself a hammer does not become immoral because a murderer use it to kill .
it does n't matter how many murderers use the hammer to kill the hammer remains nothing more than a tool that exists outside of any morality .
it 's something designed to drive nails and the fact that other people decided to use it to harm others does not mean that the hammer suddenly takes on a morality or ethical value it never possessed to begin with .
i truly apologise if you think i 'm being ignorant or missing a key detail but this is my understanding of capitalism .
i 'm stating point blank that your understanding of capitalism specifically and economic systems is incomplete .
you need to think about it more because what little understanding you have is not complete enough to support the argument you trying to make .
if you could use my example to explain why this is wrong i am eager to hear it .
it has no inherent moral value in and of itself .
people exploit tools but the does not change the moral value of the tool .
i would love to not be bummed out about the economic system i live under .
my goal is n't to get you to stop being bummed out about the system you live under my goal is to help you understand that these types of things take a lot of time and thinking to understand and that the best way feel better about a system is to actually understand the cause of the problems and how you can change them .
the misapplication of capitalism in situations where it is inappropriate to do so is bad and that is what causes harm .
capitalism happens to work just fine on smaller scales especially between two private individuals looking to exchange goods .
where people fail in understanding capitalism is when they assume that capitalism is a monolithic and homogeneous solution that can be blanket applied to every economic problem ever .
we should n't apply capitalism to things that can be considered utilities .
everybody should have access to clean water enough food to support themselves and their families and a decent home .
debates can be had about how necessary certain things are but as soon ad people start arguing the idea that for for example a government program to subsidize basic housing encourages laziness they 're wrong .
i personally believe that the internet should be considered a utility and that it should be managed as such .
the internet is nothing more than a pipeline to information that has become all but indispensable to the smooth operation of our modern world .
as such i believe that access to an open internet is something that everybody should have .
but i want to own the tools i need to make things which is what capitalism actually is .
if i take a picture and decide to sell it i do n't want to have somebody else dictates it 's value to me .
i want to decide how much that piece is worth to me then work with my clients to decide on how much of their money they 're willing to part with .
even small companies should be able to decide the value they feel they provide because in the absence of objective value capitalism is nothing more than a tool people have created to try to determine subjective value .
and the reason you feel bad about capitalism is n't because it is fundamentally bad it is because bad people choose to exploit it and choose to defend it as the be-all-end-all economic system that will solve every problem in the world .
if you still believe capitalism is inherently exploitative after this you also have to admit that every single economic system that has every been invented by humans is exploitative and that our very existence as a species is exploitative .
honestly you may have some luck asking one of the mods .
i used johnny ayahuasca video for my tek did n't even use a ph meter after seeing the flaw with that yellow tester .
my product always came out perfect with good yields .
imo if u follow your tek to a tee u can do without the tester .
i 'd your looking to do a huge pull with like a kilo of bark u might need one tho .
but for a regular pull u should be fine just following the tek .
filling a bottle in 0 seconds is quite easy just leave the water in the bottle .
i think people really can project their own personal insecurities and biases when describing essences .
it 's so important to try to remain objective watching these videos because that person is the one using the descriptive words so their thoughts and discrimination flavour everything .
i agree it is really disappointing how some essences are described .
theres a lot worse things out there than internet trolling imo
with the internet it 's impossible to verify qualifications .
as long as she has like 100k followers people will be lining up to book appointments .
ubuntu 22.04 reverted to x11 for nvidia gpus by default there was an announcement recently .
as most s76 hardware use nvidia too probably that is why wayland is not enabled .
and even if you enable it manually there is no option to use wayland if you boot in nvdia graphics mode you must first boot in integrated or hybrid then it will be available and will be used if you boot again using nvidia graphics mode only .
i doing think i 'd be able to ever take eyes off you
nine mixed-race kids and they all have the exact same skin color ?
my step-dad is native american and his three kids are all different shades .
his oldest boy has darker skin and black hair just like him his daughter is lighter and has brown hair and brown eyes and his younger son the middle child is pale with light blonde hair and blue eyes .
ai n't no way karissa and mandrae have 9 kids who all look identical .
i 'm very sorry you have to deal with this .
i worked in healthcare as a nurse for 36 years and unfortunately in many cases the hard job of getting real answers to these questions falls upon the patient and his or her family .
does your hospital or clinic have a patient advocate who can help you ?
in the us some insurance companies have nurses who can navigate the bewildering fog of information and help provide some answers .
good luck with your journey and i 'm hoping for best possible outcome for you and your father .
no trust me its not worth it to try trade it back .
yea i dont understand why it 's something that needs to be overcome ...
yeah if you get unlucky with rng you can find it run around quite a lot thankfully it did n't happen too much for me or maybe its not too bad at all .
fucking gorgeous fight though and i liked its attacks and the glass effect when you hit it .
my fiance ' would them home by the trashbag full ! ! !
given them by his customers who have big full trees .
they would rot before they could all be eaten .
my roommate in hm a school was nuke waste .
he said he realized he hated being a nuke in power school and was dropped in prototype .
no clue how he did not go to the fleet as a conventional et .
smart guy he did sta21 now is a helo pilot .
still to this day is glad he is not a nuke .
a guy at my drill station who was a prior mmn who cross-rated to ctn .
he had done an ia to bucca doing detainee ops said he would rather do that than be nuke .
there was one prior enlisted veteran in my mba class everyone else was a prior o .
this was guy was a prior nuke who was socially awkward but smart .
made chief in 7 years and still got out .
pretty much said leadership on the nuke side was terrible .
thanks for posting i hope everything goes well after all this and i 'm sure this post is going to help others .
it would be great if you could make some follow up posts on how this turns out as there 's not a lot of info posted on revisions as no doubt you 're well aware .
i 'm actually in fl too but i live in a pretty elderly area lol i 'm out by coco
i 'm very glad your son has a great mother he 's very lucky
white people always need some long winded report to find out what poc already knew .
will they ever put ac valhalla gold into sale 😢
australia is already economically integrated with the west as part of the british commonwealth and has big strategic and military allies that also share strong cultural ties with them .
america is investing heavily in increasing australian defense capabilities .
meanwhile china tries to bribe their politicians and corrupt their electoral process .
in short australia does n't need to integrate with china whereas russia desperately needs allies and economic assistance to maintain its military .
they can go to china and india for those things but there are serious questions as to the long term stability of those arrangements and particularly in the case of china becoming relegated permanently to a junior role in the relationship .
it 's not worth anything so the scammers do n't care about stealing it
what can we do to reduce our chances of acl tears ?
there 's still a lot of old men who do n't know how and do n't want to learn how to use the internet .
only what will make me happy in this moment .
none of those options were without a place of nearby inhabitance .
cheers dude my daughter was born then so i 'm just going to look at retirement homes after reading this post .
what 's the idea behind starting games at 10 am when you are n't exactly pressed for time ?
the target demographic is n't exactly known for getting up early on a saturday .
why are we starting the bo3 two set per day lan earlier than a regular spl weekend ?
uh not really i was n't very clear my fault .
many wanted to get him always speaking for my group only but skipped him when we learned of zhongli in the same patch .
i for example preferred dipping in my ayato saves to get both but if i had to only get one i would probably have skipped xiao too
mozart data raises 15 million to make data infrastructure and tools accessible to start-ups markets.businessinsider.com https markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/mozart-data-raises-15-million-to-make-data-infrastructure-and-tools-accessible-to-start-ups-1031391969
i 'm a bot to find news from different sources .
calathea networks are beautiful and more forgiving than other calathea varieties .
edit curly slims are also v cool and easy to care for since they are a hybrid air plant .
i would know iv been to the meetings with somone that 's become trans they do n't ask or do anything and all questions are more about enabling
i do n't trust my lunch in the work fridge let alone my meds and people like the boss here is why .
trying to use damp seal primer delux and it continues to peel away .
id ' say kita wants to go outside for a walk .
wait i thought we were talking about california law not some philosophical ideal from centuries ago .
i think queenstown because only location hills would reflect the sunlight for it .
there are people who poison the plants growing there because they love the reflection and think it will cause tourists to come from .
iirc everywhere else on nw coast is very natural though .
apart from the savage river dumping in their lakes and according to someone camping they heard them dumping toxics into lakes that connect to all those rivers on the tourist commercials
they were undertaking it during work time and would otherwise have been paid anyway for the time ?
yeah i think the issue is it 's turning into a tale of two cities here .
some folks are barely bothered by price increases and despite house prices increases can still get into market without help .
others were already on edge before and are pushed to close to poverty .
not sure how things became so out of wack to be honest .
we probably were n't too different from folks we went to hs or uni with .
that 's the sparrows disk detainer pick https www.sparrowslockpicks.com/product_p/disct.htm aka the pick bosnian bill and lpl made '' .
i bought it as a christmas present to myself but realized only later that the only disk detainer lock i had a motorbike chain does n't tension from the front ...
the first two disks are free-spinning so they do not tension the core at all .
unfortunately this tool only works if the lock tensions from the front and the first disks are not free-spinning .
this is actually quite restrictive which i did n't realize before so i kinda regret buying it .
since then i bought the silver bullet https silverbullet.tools/products/silver-bullet which works whether you need to tension from the front the back or the middle .
do n't judge i just got my first paycheck at my new job and felt like treating myself .
i have not managed to pick that bike chain yet tensioning from the middle is the hardest to master but i bought a couple of these disk detainer padlocks to train with and get better .
since they happen to tension from the front i thought i might use my sparrows pick for them only because i was too lazy to switch the tip of the silver bullet .
😅 also i kinda feel like i should get some use from the sparrows one i guess .
i 'll update your flair to reflect your new count .
if you want to help keep these bots running please consider donating via patreon or stripe https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/donations !
the world is merely contributing to a russian military exercise .
we would like to make it as realistic for russia as possible .
you ca n't help but love stuff like thunderbird or titans of our time .
activity burn calories are based on the activity calorie met rate the duration and the level of intensity i.e .
so if its the same ride would look at the time spent in the various hr zones as to why the calorie burn is different .
question how did you get a nice table layout ?
i usually go here https www.sec.gov/data/foiadocsfailsdatahtm and have to search through the .csv text file
i 'd happily rub your body while sucking your cock .
that is by far my least favorite boss fight in any souls game .
i also played through ds2 three times and only found the third bonfire on my third playthrough .
so every time i fell in that hole i had to fight my way back from the smelter demon all the way to iron king .
i want someone to make a mod where everything else is the same but you just skip that dungeon .
it 's nice to get outside and enjoy some nature with others
what 's funny is that columbus kinda exceeded expectations this year by not being entirely shit top to bottom .
it 's slightly less predatory with it 's gambling mechanics for kids . ''
people praying for a market crash are messed up mentally
the thing is there can only exit one of each it does n't matter it is consumable or not auther state when in wn chapter 60 that world item
only one of each can exist at a time and are the best items in yggdrasil with special abilities .
while i do n't know if consumable like caloric stone can reappear else where after it 's use .
it will take years for us to reverse engineer the logic behind that damage progression d
soooo you 're comfortable raising debt spaces rather than free men/women ?
working to pay off land/house is not setting them up for life by any means .
it makes their lives a million times easier but they would have to work to keep it .
as opposed to clawing and grasping for financial freedom competing against hundreds of millions of other people you could make it so they only have to secure taxes and food rather than housing which in probably 5-10 years will be entirely unattainable for future generations .
it 's already damn near impossible unless you make 120k in most of the the nation
i 'm 24 most of my generation 80-90 will never own a home or land
if there 's one thing we know about martin mull it 's that he does n't need this .
in my face on my face they will be well cared for .
it 's enough to have the experience but not so much that things can go really wrong if they go wrong .
none or none that he can even get out of his own committee .
could you do the same for this comment luntrystale1_cabinet ?
the world is so bereft of role models and heros people are confused when they actually see one .
he is brilliant competent successful and changing the world for everyone 's benefit and instead of feeling gratitude and admiration i see jealousy and hatred .
he at once restores my faith in humanity and diminishes it by the way the world reacts to him .
kettenkarussel free fall tower und selbst riesenräder sind dagegen katastrophe .
we drink everytime they mention alex killorn went to harvard so it makes sense
might want to look into abl if your bed is truly warped which i still find hard to believe on an ender machine .
also a cold bed is always a bit warped to account for thermal expansion when heated .
in the beginning i also thought my bed was warped until i learned propper leveling and later got abl
i 've been playing and healing for a very similar amount of time !
i do n't think centred frames have ever impeded my progress on bosses i always play with camera zoomed out to the max and i ca n't think of any times where it 's been an issue it 's mainly an aesthetic choice for me and lets me also keep track of my ability cds in the same area of the screen
it 's not super efficient for the other person to be pinged every time anyone at the company wants to use an api they have ever written .
do your own work try to understand it yourself and if it 's unclear or does something unexpected then ping the author .
bonus now you are familiar with a new subsystem .
they tried this years ago in the us and it never took off .
and when i wrote for boards they wanted client used in questions too .
i also could n't believe and went to check if it was the starlight skin .
when the poo you were holding all day finally makes it 's way out .
please check my art it might suite your taste d
i always update my clients for wips on discord .
i 'm a freelancer for almost 7 years now and worked in various game projects before .
i 'd tell you to get your ass on over !
even though america is already run by boring white men like bernie he supports the opinions of minorities and women like congresswoman aoc .
you 're blessed to have such a loving mil enjoy every second of that.. it does n't matter how long or how short you know each other you 're now family and that is all what matters .
i know with a ticket you could have streamed from a couple of other devices but the count of logged on people crossed 25 million at one time .
i thought that was wild and was surprised the count they published was only 400k online tickets .
and the psychologist had dinner with the legal team .
when they were interviewing her for the job of analyzing amber and johnny .
and i 'm pretty sure amber and her team had to at least approve of her before she could do anything .
and while some of the witnesses were employed by him at one point not all of them are still employed .
if you have actual proof that depp us at fault here i 'd love to see it .
because every point of evidence heard has brought forward has been shot down .
cool had n't actually realised that it was edited i 'm not super familiar with the movie .
that settles it for me i think this is gone now .
great debate but we wo n't be banning 'insta-poets ' outright .
re u/lickin_possum_butt op has no right to tell folks to find another sub for this kind of poetry .
if you follow the very small amount of rules then post away .
reddit is a user run and driven website so content and voting dictates the feed for the most part .
mods reserve the right to remove and retire poems and authors at their discretion which we do very rarely .
not currently looking for a relationship '' is a classic line women use when they want to let you down gently .
what they actually mean is that she is n't looking for a relationship with you .
i am 26 and can not imagine dating someone below 21 and even 21 would be pushing it for me
not sure if it 's apple music spatial audio or fancy headphones but even in the 'whitest ' songs on my playlist i can pinpoint the exact elements of the composition that makes them hit different and it 's usually black af
could you do the same for this comment luntrystale1_cabinet ?
i tried this one as well just now and the same thing happened .
i even tried with trainline and it 's the same thing !
won both of those in the 0.28 tourney without intending to meme .
just thought highly combustible '' is a nice title .
there are at least 2 methods for advancement 3 if we count buddying up to someone that can advance your career .
volunteering for projects as u suggests and perhaps the less enjoyable way..becoming a sme which often requires a person to pay out of pocket to develop those skills .
and such a method usually does n't put u in front of mgrs tho look at me i 'm special like the other 2 methods .
i think i managed to find the listing for these controllers on ali express .
but i 'll see if you posted the link .
am not surprised tho like its new york post .
educated people saw how fucked up the world was and stopped having kids leaving the responsibility on the uneducated poor people
the first time i was insulted for my political views i was called a bleeding heart liberal by a conservative classmate .
to this day i have no clue how i was supposed to be offended .
like the insult is you care about other people haha what a loser. like is that a bad thing ?
i wonder if some of his ideas were used by burt routan if you look at his last plane .
if we should punish people who try to overthrow the us government '' is n't on the list i do n't know what is .
nta you were unimpressed with the gift on first glance had no input in deciding to buy it and gave no indication he could/should be relying on you chipping in .
does n't matter if he spent €1 or €1,000 he made the decision alone and has no right to expect anyone else to cover some or all of it .
you 're absolutely not obligated to now pay into it even if he magicked up receipts and whatnot to prove his claimed sale price .
this is n't implying he 's a scanner just that you do n't like the gift enough to want to jump in on it which was already true before price or splitting was discussed by the sound of it .
do n't accuse him cause it 'll cause drama and he 'll never admit it so pointless stress for you .
but just stick with what you said and get your own gift then remind him of the money he owes you could graciously offer to give him another week since he just spent so much on your mother to sneak in a deadline without calling him on his racket .
se não for dá para ir e vir para o porto de combóio
i never understood why this sub decided it was the necessary piece .
we know ca is working on stuff and a roadmap does n't prove that .
i mean they could even post the roadmap then do nothing .
what do i vote if i was good in all of them ?
honestly sometimes i 'm just so tired that i 'll just lay down and the next thing i know i 'm in an awesome dream or i 'm waking up for the next day .
but usually i 'll focus on sounds or feelings and tune everything else out .
like how the pillow feels on my face or the sound of the clock .
you did n't respond to any of what i said .
i 'm not defending anyone or advocating for no nations .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
you have failed to ask a question in your title
your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title .
double check everything including punctuation and try posting again .
if you 're wanting to tell a story or explain something please try r/self .
if you 're needing advice of any kind try r/advice
if you 're looking for a fact based answer try r/answers
if you 're looking for something that has slipped your mind try r/tipofmytongue .
anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs .
if you need more clarification or feel this was an error please contact the mods and provide a link to this post thanks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
mil may have her issues but this was just wrong .
by the sound of you this wo n't be his last marriage .
hopefully mil will be on time for the next wedding .
please do love to see those stains on the front 🤤
left wingers would be their too post shit and right wingers would join too see what he says
fair warning there are some bugs in career mode .
the one that really fucked me is that kids in your youth academy may just vanish completely if you do not promote them before the end of the season not canceling contracts they just vanish .
lost a fair amount of talent that way unfortunately .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ich_iel if you have any questions or concerns .
